Pretty decent. They've got most of the kinks worked out. Kind of wish I could have a truly random away mode or one program that cues various lights are different times, but I can do those things with just a few more button presses than I should need so I guess it's fine.
I love this little device... I'm a crypto currency miner and I love the fact I can track my usage and be able to remotely reboot my computers. Only thing I don't like is the power button that is actually on the device itself. Sometimes I reach to touch the wemo to see if it's hot and I accidentally switch the power off as the switch is far too sensitive. Also it's rated at 1800 watts but when I push 12/1300 watts thru it, it gets very hot. This makes me a tad bit nirvous... But other than that works like a charm.
Got 3 wemo light switches on clearance for cheap 3 years ago. They worked flawlessly until this year when I upgraded my WiFi router. Nothing but trouble since then. Sad, I loved my wemos. Called support, no help at all. Really wish they would enhance the WiFi compatibility but at the time they said they have no plans for that. Seems like Eco and G.Home may get them to remove their heads from their butts.
There are available video help to set-up. Programing the schedule was a challenge at first but as you go through the learning process like phones when they're new - you'll be able to figure it out. I did not search for any the video on this as I believe anyone should be able to do it. Just have an open mind and patience like anything in life. GOD is GOOD !!
After latest update on 8/15/17 rules still DON'T work. Trying to see Settings &amp; About doesn't work in the app, instead it always automatically skips to the Rules section which also doesn't work. No matter how many times I repeatedly try to schedule rules the app then never saves them. This has been going on for months now. I can't automate any of my 5 WeMo devices from within the app. I can see all the devices and even rename them in the app but can't apply any rules to them.
App works great and shows a lot of useful data about electricity used on the Wemo Insight. I have my Mac plugged in, and it starts up when the outlet is turned on. The Wemo recognises when the Mac is sleeping and using  7 watts, which it calls "standby." The standby threshold can be changed if necessary. The cost per KWh can be specified to estimate how much it costs to run the device plugged into the Wemo.
Does what it supposed to but why does it have to shut off the switch when upgrading the firmware?  I have to shut down my server to do the firmware update and when done the switch stays in the off state.  I only have one plug like this,  the rest of the house runs on Z-Wave which scales much better and runs on its own network. Also at this price point the switches should report the energy usage.
App was okay until the last update. I have no idea where my existing rules are. Tried to go in to update the times and have no clue where my existing rules are in the app. It is getting dark earlier and now I can't adjust the times. If I am just missing the place to do this in the app, the app still deserves 1 star because it is far from being intuitive
The only thing worse than the units is the customer service. I have 4 of the new generation. That is over $160 of useless stuff. By tech support's admission,  they are all under warranty,  but when level three couldn't fix it, they abandoned me. Look elsewhere. Cheaper stuff that works, not like these. JUNK!
This is junk. Recent updates have made the smart plug invisible to Amazon Alexa and the unit had to be reset every couple of weeks anyway as it would just stop working. Setup process is shaky and I've wasted too much time trying to sort it out.
For the last year this app has been garbage. The scheduling works ok for me but, even with everything "up to date" the app can never find my light switch. So I can never use my phone to switch the lights... I basically have an obscenely expensive light timer
Belkin should be embarrassed by this, it is appallingly bad. I have been able to switch lights on and off from my phone, but everything about this is confusing and difficult. Can't connect to Alexa or g-home and am fed up with trying.
Mostly it's ok. Setup is a straight pain in the... And due whatever stupid reason the app is remarkably slow when you're on the same network as the switch. When you're out of the house it's pretty quick.   Overall... Mostly ok. I just use it to remotely reset my bitmining rigs when they go wonky.
Since last firmware update all rules disabled. Cannot create new one that work. Just spins looking for rules that worked through last 3 firmware upades  Only thing this app is good for is set up of wemo devices. Other apps and home assistants works faster than the wemo app
Had this for years now I used to be able to connect it I've done it 100s of times,  sometimes with ease but now when I reboot both the net and the device the app can't connect to the wifi after its connected to the switch, keeps saying add password which is correct. And can't update firmware until it's connected to the net which I'm sure it's a software issue. Very temperamental
Terrible app which rarely functions. I regret not buying another brand's smart light bulbs. The app regularly crashes, and is extremely slow when it does work. Despite constant updates nothing ever improves. Would strongly advise anyone against getting a wemo device.
Don't bother getting if you want to use your 5Ghz due band wifi. It won't work. Also I have had to unplug and plug the outlet in several times to reset the connection.  -update- still sucks. New IFTTT intagration fails also. Won't accept IFTTT user credentials in wemo app. Can't add wemo channel in IFTTT app. Big fail.  Don't  bother getting. Wink hub provides more options and compatible with more divices. Notifications still don't work.
Keeps locking up my android phone. Then tried my iPad locks up even worse. Already have 3. Figured I'd try a 4th. 30 mins later. Still nothing.  You'd think by now they'd make it work better. Plus it falls off line a lot.   Don't no why I tried another one.
It was bad before. It's worse now. Seriously, get your act together. Wemo bulbs are are great product let down by this cr app. This review was submitted before the latest update. After this update my review stays the same. I wish I could give it negative stars. THIS APP IS FULL OF BUGS.
Never been much more than problems for the last 3 years, even with state of the art wifi and broadband. Very expensive. Support is lousy, if you can understand their dialect and foreign accents. I feel misled and cheated by Wemo.
Setup was a little buggy but other than that overall pretty solid problem. Since getting connected haven't experienced any signal or performance issues. Wish there was a little more integration with Nest I would love for away mode to be triggered sunset to sunrise when my thermostat goes to away mode that would be sweet! Remember to set up through the smart home menu in the Alexa app took me a while to figure that out. Good product
Has to be the worst bit of tech hardware and app ever had! Power interrupted, WiFi off for a minute? Then full reset required and rules recreating, which of course still don't work.
Edit: Getting better but still not great. Firmware update fails and there's no way for me to force update. It's all luck on when the app decides to tell me if there is update available.  Piece of garbage. No linking of device to any unique account means if your app data gets corrupted, you've lost control of your device until the next time you go home. Thats a huge oversight for something meant to be managed remotely. To the person that calls the rest of us dumb as rocks. What a fantastic review. So very helpful.
Got a new route and the wall switch won't connect. Did every possible thing that I googled for help and nothing worked. I'm going to look for a different brand. I would not recommend there wemo products.
App is useless. My router shows a different IP and MAC address for WeMO switch whereas the app shows MAC 000000...000. and an old leased IP. Upgrade is a nightmare. On upgrade it hangs and had to recover via hard reset. Too much hassle. Zero stars if possible. The most useless development support ever. Incompetent product.
Enjoying using WeMo around the house. I sometimes get a switch not found for a short time. But generally quite reliable.  I'm running a maker as a garage door opener and it is such a joy to use instead of fumbling to find a remote....
Does not consistently get firmware updates. I checked my versions and they are not the newest. No manual process for updates to be found. Now my Google home tells me my devices need updates every time I turn a light on or off, which is very annoying, and I can't fix it. Make a "Check for Updates" button please.
Asus Rt-ac88u  Had issues with the stock firmware on my Asus RT-AC88U. Installed the latest version of Merlin firmware (380.67 at the time) and it fixed the issues. Couldn't complete installation on wemo dimmers before. Wemo switches worked fine.
It's slow to respond to everything. The cloud has limited purpose here. It'd be fast better to have a direct link on my lan a la Chromecast. I never use the app when in not staring at dark light waiting for it to turn on.
Terrible app and integration with Google home. Always a problem. Half the times it doesn't work. The point of this product is to be a smart device and cannot even integrate or toggle it properly. It's a shame bc the product is great but the other half of the product is the experience, which is blown to bits by this app.
This app was buggy years ago when I bought wemo, and is even worse now. I can barely get my switch to turn on and off. The auto on/off rules don't work, usage statistics don't work, and set up takes unbearably long. Support is non-existent. I wish I never bought this thing.
It's still an unreliable app. Setting/resetting a device's network connection rarely works as it's supposed to.  I've had these a few years now. I've had to throw some out because the plastic melted slightly when using with a 1500 watt heater. The app used to be real flaky and devices would randomly disappear.  For better automation, try using the app that has a desk on it, formerly known as WeMo Manager.
I can't ever seem to get the switches to update or do much of anything. Lucky the switches work grate with Google home.  Update after a lot of time messing with the system I figured out that having my wife and I both setup on Google home was causing my problems. Once I reconfigured everything with only one wemo account things started working much better.
After the last update, I am unable to see the rules I set up.  However, they still seem to be working ok.   Update on 9/29/2017 - Once I am back on the same network that the device is on, I can see the rules again.  I supposed when I leave this network,, the rules may disappear again.
Impossibly stupid unintuitive ignorant means of connecting to Google home through a hue Hub. Instructions suck. Hard to find a video that instructs properly how to connect it. Total waste of time and money!
Hands down - the worst app I've used in my life. Oh, and trying to connect to Google Home... Don't even start me. I've connect a million other things to Google Home, never had a problem. But I don't even know why people would pay money for Wemo.
This is a terribly developed app. Belkin has a long long way to go. The insight and regular outlet should be about $20 and no more if they aren't going to produce an app that works right or is finnicky like this one. Really it is unacceptable to ask this much for spotty or terrible functionality.
I have a love hate relationship with this app. When it works it's good, but when it doesn't want to its a nightmare. I have 4 bulbs, 2 air purifiers and all worked see less for 2 weeks. Now it can only see one bulb and 1 purifier. If I turn one on the app crashes...
Setup is confusing. No step as in wen to connect actual WiFi n wen to connect switch n after all dat still misleading. Returning product itself. No proper Alexa integration as well
Lost connection to WiFi due to maintenance and now it will not connect. I've reset my wemo's (2) and tried to connect it back over 50 times each one with no success. At first I loved them but now I want to throw them in the trash. THANKS BELKIN
Two years later and still a terrible app. Edit rules and click done, oops can't find the device any more. Have to kill the app and relaunch to see the device again, but keeps happening again and again. Router device and phone in the same room. Also really unresponsive to clicks.
Very unreliable. Regularly loses connection. Plug has been "upgrading" now for 45 minutes. I don't recommend WeMo to anyone. My next smart plug won't be from Belkin.
Easy to use but limited. Wish scheduling wasn't limited to a week. I hook this up to a plug that turns on something to prevent moisture buildup to the HVAC unit in my attic. Ideally would like to schedule to turn on in winter and off during spring.
Not reliable.  The firmware never upgraded since Day 1.  The rules sometimes work, sometimes don't.  I turned off a rule while on vacation and came home to find the 1500 watt coffee maker on.  May have been on for 10 days....who knows.  The software said it was on for 4mins, which was absurd because it was fully hot.  What I worry about most is that the random on/off of important appliances may cause those items to break.
Have 2 wemo switches. Things worked in the beginning. Got them setup after a few bizarre hick ups with the app. Two switches after a few months all of a sudden are not connecting out staying connected. Nothing changed in my home network out equipment. Wemo app doesn't see switches but there party apps do.
Worked well at first and saved a lot of money on our heating bill. Had to reconnect because the socket was plugged out (not needed) now its hopeless tells you its connected but when you try to switch it on its not actually connected. Have tried everything. Really disappointed !!!
No way to get through the install without setting up a"new" device, and or being on the same wifi network as the device.  I already have an account on another device not with me, and wanted setup a new one while on vacation and can't. Sucks
I liked everything about the product except for the app. 1. I had to unlink it from Google home to do a firmware update... REALLY? 2. When a firmware update (what the support website calls it, but the app calls it an upgrade failure) there is not "check for software update" button. You have to uninstall and reinstall THE ENTIRE APP... WTH
It totally ignores it's own rules. Everything about it is riddled with bugs. Read the Wemo forums to see the masses of problems before considering buying this overpriced junk.
Inconsistent. Everytime there is a firmware update I have to reinstall devices and getting the devices to connect properly typically takes no less than three hours each time of resetting everything.
Remove the mandatory need to enter email immediately or I stop using the plugs, I didn't need to enter one an hour ago, why now? Plugs still unreliable, app still buggy
Unreliable - The wemo app has always been buggy for me and frustrating at times so I don't open it that often. I hope this fix makes it more user friendly.
I love it! Never have to worry about my house is too hot for my dogs ever again! Only give it a 4 stars because sometimes the app lags and won't turn on the device.
The Android app is simply subpar. Couldnt setup the device using my android phone but it worked like a charm when using the iOS app. Also once I added the device, it is only available on the phone through which I setup the device
Switch itself looks good and is easy to install. The application is really bad. There are so many bugs it's almost unusable. There are recurrent problems connecting to the switch, setting up rules, configuring other aspects and accessing other screens, with continuous hangs and crashes. Nice try but Belkin should really hire professional software developers if they want to succeed in this space. I'd look for another option.
The ability to turn my WeMo switches on and off with an app is awesome. However, my biggest criticisms are: 1) the app takes too long to load (and it has a splash screen), 2) when using the app over LTE (while standing in my house) there is a delay between pressing the app button and the WeMo switch turning on/off, 3) The app doesn't let me group my multiple WeMo switches. I have use cases wherein I would like to turn on/off multiple switches at the same time
I couldn't connect the dimmer switch and the other switch took forever to connect to the app. The support team has been very helpful so far. I am waiting for authorization to return.  Another issue with the dimmer switch is that it won't work well with a regular switch cover. That is a problem for me
It worked ok with few bugs until they decided to do an unannounced "firmware" update that disabled my system and let a critical plug in the on position. Mechanical switches are more dependable
Here's the only way a Belkin Wemo Lightbulb will ever give you satisfaction: Eventually it will frustrate you enough that you will be driven to smash the Wemo hub with a hammer. Seeing those shards of plastic casing and circuitry will give you a sense of delicious vengeance you have never felt before. And then you'll remember you spent $60+ on a product that should never have been released to the market.
Update: After 2 years with the damn thing I still have problems.  Unintuitive. Trash. Buggy.  Laggy.  Etc etc etc.  Sometimes work sometimes doesn't. Sometimes bulbs show in app sometimes they don't.  The resetting process is stupid and weird not practical. There are many different guides to reinstall/reset either wemo link gadget and also the bulbs,  all those guides contradict each other. TRIED BULBS FROM 3 DIFFERENT VENDORS, SAME BS. DO NOT BUY.
Works ok but not great most of the time. If you miss the prompt to update firmware, it cannot manually be initiated.  Update: the remote access function no longer works for me. Reinstalling the app does not fix the problem. The app gives a "failed" prompt but no explaination for how to fix it.
The setup for my wemo mini was slow and full of errors. The app, on my HTC 10, a flagship phone, is very laggy. Compared to the iOS app, it's very slow. You guys need to make fixing this app a top priority
Really hard to get to pair. Had to completely reconfigure my wifi to work with the WeMo switch. Even when I got it working it stopped after a few uses. I have 2 TP Link switches and they just work with no problems
Works well with my tablets, and galaxy s8. Doesn't  play at all with my chromebook, I have to use the app from pianoware,go figure. If a non wemo app works,why not the original?  Seems to work faster when I don't use WiFi on my phone. Haven't had any trouble with it in the 6 or so months I've been  using it,just wish it was operable on more devices.
It could use a little bit of work. Fairly intuitive to set up. Seems to be a bit slow connecting and syncing your local network and with Amazon Echo. However it does go out on the internet for the sink and registering it so you can use it anywhere you have an internet connection.
Almost never works properly. Probably the worst of the connected home device systems. VERY glitchy and unresponsive app. Updates to the switches are rarely successful.
Unlike other smart switches, even though it knows its location, having it turn on at dusk &amp; off at sunrise are not options. You have to give it specific on time and duration. Since the time of sunset is always changing,  have to constantly reprogram it. Software is very rudimentary.
Timer doesn't work, not suitable for high current devices like irons. Always resets when navigating away from app. Poorly designed compared to zwave. Stay away from Belkin if you want robust home automation.
Good features but usually doesn't work. Hard reset my WEMO mini and it still is unresponsive 9/10 times. House has great wifi connection but still have issues.
It's connection to Nest is horrible. I'm having to constantly de-authorize and reauthorize my Nest account to get it to work. Then it only works for a few hours.
Already had the WiFi camera, so installing the wemo app recognized it and can control both products with the same app.  Plugged the TV into it, now I can control who watches/when. I am in control again!!!  Update:  When power goes out, or need to update wifi, this thing is the most frustrating experience ever!  Better products out there.
App integrates well with wemo devices. But even though it says it has ifttt integration it is impossible to set it up. I can go to a webview for ifttt where the keyboard can't type in my username or password. I get a security warning when trying to sign in to ifttt with Google.
Horrible interface.  Good luck reconnecting a switch easily if yours drops from the network on its own, because it has a hard time detecting it.  Also, I can't schedule anything and have it save it actually work.  It completely disappears if I closer the app and open it again.  I chatted with support and I told him there's a big with the app.  He said "no" and all he did was take me through the steps I already had been taking to create schedules.  Still didn't work in the end and wasted my time.
Device not show up in app. Tried many times (reset device, reinstalled app, rebooted phone...). Gave up and very disappointed...
I keep reading about WeMo so I bought the smart plug and BOY DOES THIS APP SUCK!!! OMG what a horrible app. This is made by kids and the people who gave it more than 1 star are technology illiterate or old people who aren't aware of how a smart product should function. Connecting the plug was horrible, had to click on "try again" numerous times. Once connected, tried to name it, it disconnects over and over again only to find out the name hasn't changed. Did that 5 times, then gave up and clicked on save. The app connected to my WiFi. Everything finally seemed to have worked. Linked it to Google home, tried to turn it on and off by voice, home acknowledges the command but nothing happens with the plug. Found out there's an update but no way to manually update it. Found a workaround, when I click on "update now" it takes me to a Window to update the device. Clicked on "accept and update" and guess what....nothing happens. Bought 3 of those plugs, returning them tomorrow!!! Unbelievable what this world is coming too.
Rules do not work! I had defined many rules, now they do not appear in the app. The power of these "smart" devices is the rules. If the only way to turn these devices on and off is manually, then they are not "smart" devices.
It didn't work well back in early 2017 becuz too many bugs within the app..but now it works so well..love this app now. Works really well with Amazon echo Alexa!!
Before trying the wemo, I tried a couple different manufactures of wifi timers and returned them because the would work reliably. I have had the wemo for 9 months now and they have worked perfectly.  I lost power a couple months ago for 6 hours, as soon as the power was restored the wemo was back on schedule and worked as programmed.
The hardware is great but the app is terrible. Hopefully they will get acquired by a company that knows how to create mobile apps.  10/23/2017.  Still awful. I really wish they would actually test their products before pushing updates. Programmable routines are completely inconsistent.
Working well, wish the rules linking to device was more intuitive, but once I got that nailed it was easy to add more.  Taking device pictures is not working, it says it saves but there is not a picture even after several attempts.
I love everything except I can see my parents wemo controls when I'm at their house and vice versa and can control wemos as well. I assume this is because we know each other's wifi password and use the same app. This has got to be changed, an invasion of privacy to say the least. We don't know each other's wemo passwords but that doesn't matter because the app automatically finds whatever wemos are on the wifi. Please fix this.
Sometimes it is a little slow with commands from google home. But very good in general. The hard ware however could be a bit smaller so it fit better on power boards!
Every time the stupid app disconnects my plugs all turn off. Thank goodness I ended up not using them on anything important.
It sucks. Bought it so i can schedule when the lights go off and on while out on vacation but the timer setting wont work. Also, Now when i go on vacation, i cant even manually turn on and off the lighting. The app doesnt recognize the device while we are away. And yes i have the Remote Access turned on.
Totally janky. App is absolute garbage. Read the other reviews. Schedule doesn't work, product setup is impossible, app is unsupported. I wouldn't allow the  developer of this app to make a cheese sandwich. If you're standing in a store right now trying to decide if you should buy a WeMo product based on its app reviews; DON'T BUY IT. Total junk.
Works maybe 60% of the time. Even when it finds devices, it can't reliably turn them on or off.  Update: they added a widget so you can control devices from your home screen.  It doesn't work reliably either.
The concept is good the interface is clunky and updates are very buggy. Setting up various on/ off times requires a degree in app design to follow the illogical set up. It's a step up from the basic Honeywell plug but super frustrating!
Most frustrating / useless thing I have ever used. After about 10 attempts at connecting it still only barely recognises 2 out of 3 devices
Never works.  Won't upgrade firmware.  Great idea but horrible execution.  Hate that I already committed to several switches or I would just toss and replace.  Don't waste time or money on this junk.
The setup took a little longer and had a few bugs than I anticipated. Once I finally got that to work it worked fine for turning lights on and off with Alexa, UNTIL I set up a rule while I was on vacation. When I got back, I disabled the rule to stop the lights automatically turning on and off in the app BUT every single day since I "disabled" the rule it still turns my lights on and off according the to times set in the rule! It's so frustrating and there's no way to fix this. I tried unplugging and replugging to no avail. You need to get these bugs fixed asap!
Used to work... Now it has issues try to turn off/on devices.  Sometimes it will work for one click.  Most of the time not.  The rules are also no existent now as the link does not work.
Worst ux designed, slow ui and now it crashes all the time upon launching. Tplink's kasa is much better.
App crashed and had to call support to solve. Solution was to change settings on my phone that shouldn't need to be changed.
Initial install was fine. Then, I had to change router and modem.  Can't get the unit to recognize new equipment.  Software has been installed and reinstalled and it now freezes.  Very poor instructions and support.
What a piece of junk this app is! You cannot connect because I change my wifi provider! Give me a place to change it in the app
Received the wemo bulbs for free from a wireless company. Wemo bulb functionality is down right frustrating. Horrible user interface - hardly intuitive. Bulb settings (rules) are not followed...lights go on when they want; if they go on at all. I'm going back to standard bulbs and tossing this in the trash.
Terrible mess.  Was 4 stars because of load times. Now the load times are worse when it works at all. Also, for no apparent reason, remote access stopped working (no, I didn't change anything on my router) which broke IFTTT. I wanted to love wemo, but it's a buggy mess. I've transitioned to Philips hue
Nice work, just make the outlet smaller.  Edit: This outlet stopped working after 1 month. It won't connect to my WiFi any more. Reset to factory default and no change. Contacted Belkin and they replace the device, but the new one has the same issue! Tried reinstalling the app and clearing cached data. My WiFi works on 10 other devices without issue everyday. Too bad this thing isn't flat otherwise I could use as a coaster. Have to pay return shipping on my old one to top it off.
App crashes on launch when wifi connected. Used to work until the latest update. On LTE the app appears to launch. OnePlus 3T
As soon as my device has been in standby I have to manually kill the app each time I want to control my lights. This is happening on 3 different android devices.
You earned the 5 stars.  Everything works great. One of the most reliable and smoothest working home automation apps out there. Went from worst to first! Keep it up. I love the device.
Need support for multiple locations... This can easily be done if a username/password and/or trusted device system is implemented by Belkin. If it doesn't come soon, I'm looking for new smart home devices.
So far easy set up. Looking to see if I can set up Alexa with it. Will buy more as long as all status the same. Been up for a day had a little trouble finding the device. Will update in future.
This app is necessary for setting up your lights the first time. Beyond that it's pointless and it doesn't work most of the time.  Controlling your WeMo devices with Google home works perfectly.
Worst product ever, out of the box it worked fine. Soon as you update firmware and the app nothing but trouble. Nothing will sync correctly, no idea on system settings, link bridge reports pairing but nothing shows up and rules only work in current session and don't save.  Would not recommend to a friend. Considering the switch to z-wave. No lost to me as I got these wemo products as part of a prize bundle.
I watched a youtube movie and had my two switches going in five minutes. Belkin has a very good name and the support is excellent when I had a question, I highly recommend this product, it let's me restart my remote surveillance cameras when they lock up. These plugs work perfect.
Really disappointing that after all these years they still haven't got this app working properly. Buggy. Prone to locking up. Setup is needlessly painful and slow. The only thing less impressive than this app is the Wemo widget... and the response from tech support when I tried to get these issues resolved. Don't expect much from this app.
Setting up rules for multiple devices DOES NOT work. App is poorly made.  Clunky interface.
The app and device we're impossible to use.  While set up is described to be simple, simple is far from the truth.  This time saving internet device is being returned.  Worthless
Quite simple to set up and work well.  Delays in loading can happen as well as issues connecting the plugs during initial setup.  Just reload app and all is well.  Great product.
Horrible! I own a multitude of smart devices and Belkin Wemo is just junk. My cheap Chinese smartplugs ($10 ea.) are immensely superior. Don't buy this junk.
Both of my "smart" plugs disconnect daily. It's a hassle to unplug them, plug them back in and wait for them to reconnect.
Went from fully functional to nightmarish in a matter of days. I can't even get my plug to connect to my wifi any longer. I can get it to attempt to my neighbors but it doesn't even try mine!
Needlessly complex to register a simple outlet. Set up is impossible to figure out. Nothing connects. App Endlessly crashing. Can't set up anything.  Troubleshooting is no help.  No further instruction, action or guidance after that.  Massive disappointment and waste of money.
This app restarts itself a few times a minute, switching between WiFi and cellular. I don't see why a poor WiFi connection is a fatal error.
Unreliable - when it works, it's a great app and quality smart plug in. difficult to program and setup though the instructions are great. both the app and the plug seem buggy. usually have to reinstall the app, reset plugs and reset schedules for pwr disruptions, router changes/outages.
The more I use it, the worse it gets! 2 main questions: WHY do 3rd party apps work so much better than the Wemo app : AND WHY does it work better when you turn off local WiFi, and use 3/4G? Don't believe they are trying.  Few problems setting up... But all good now. Has changed to pathetic. Bought some bulbs and now nothing is working. Pretty unreliable.... I really WANT to like it...
Fails to update. Also fails with IFTTT. Software is not very intuitive. Such promise. Such a let down. One star.
Well it was working fine until the update, now it's not.  I can hear the clicking sound of the switch h trying to turn on, but the light doesn't come on.
I was so excited to install this.  Then I discovered that I have to be home to use it?  Totally useless!
Udated: Does this last update actually support ALL WeMo devices, or only the ones connected to just one of your networks?     Why would you.limit sales by not allowing users to install WeMo devices at other locations, like the cabin or the office?   Hard to believe, but if you want to use a WeMo switch at a different location than home, i.e. at work or at the cabin, you will have to buy a new phone for each location.  Your programmer is keeping WeMo from becoming a great product and app.
It didn't work well back in early 2017 becuz too many bugs within the app..but now it works so well..love this app now. Works really well with Amazon echo Alexa!!
Tremendously slow to use, minimal lack of control through settings. Outlet can be hobbled by lack of firmware update, you just need to wait for it to present itself. I visited a different time zone months ago, it automatically changed my time settings and I still see no way to correct it.
App has some bugs and performance issue. After update on every device, app shows infinite update process-needs to reinstall the app. After update works Great!
The app now freezes and won't let me make any changes. You're better than this WeMo, please fix. Otherwise a great product.
Update (9/11/17) - I was mistaken. I cant control my Mini over my VPN, even though Im connected to my LAN. Dissapointing. The official Philips Hue app supports this functionality. I dont see why this couldnt work the same. Ill keep trying, but if I cant find a solution to remotely controlling the plug over my VPN, Ill have to return the device. Major bummer.  Just got this (9/9/17.) So far so good, this wemo MINI is everything Ive been looking for: 1. A connected outlet, providing simple on/off control from my phone/tablet devices. 2. It HAD to be accessible from the internet, NOT through a wemo account/servers, but instead over my own VPN connection to my LAN. 3. An app with reasonable permissions, that I can deny on a per-feature basis, without breaking the app. 4. Finally, I need it to be reliable. (Manual control of firmware updates should contribute to that, but Id like to see a detailed change log displayed when they are offered.) This wemo device and app are, so far, on par with my Hue lights for function, ease of use, and flexibility. If this continues to hold true, I can see more wemo devices in my future. wemo, so far, is a pleasant surprise, in a world of over reaching, flaky, and consumer-hostile software, hardware, and services.
Cannot change to a new wifi Network and support pages are useless. I have 7 switches and light switches. Takes hours to change to new wifi if you can get them to change.
Inconsistencies in the operation. Upgrades to devices doesn't seem to work all of the time
Great, when it works. Not very reliable, all the devices have about a 50% chance of showing up. Hardly see all 4 of mine connected at the same time.
Belkin stuff seems to be pretty unstable and incomsistent despite nice packaging and aesthics/form factor... Shame really. A sleep function on WeMo app wouldn't go a miss either!
App gets confused easily requiring power cycling of the wemo device and restart of the app.  Initial Setup was problematic too.
Not great app fails to connect need to restart app constantly.  I will be going to a better product Update has failed for the last month to download
Super inconsistent. Have to regularly reinstall the app. Often rules spontaneously stop working.
Slow app. I have a crockpot which works great, as long as I use other apps to control it. I can't even link alexa to it somehow :(
No very easy to program. When changing timings the plugs don't dynamically react, it takes a full cycle.   This could be a lot better.
Great when it works but firmware never installs properly and system hangs. Just changed my broadband provider and painful trying to get it reconnected.
Disappointed. After reading positive reviews decided to try this instead of a cheaper switch from a competitor unfortunately the WeMo is inferior.  This app is terrible. possibly the most buggy Android app I've ever used in many years of Android use . I purchased 2 mini smart plug devices and neither of them have worked consistently since the day I set them up. One works from time to time the other shows "not available" even after multiple attempts to reset the device. This app is awful and takes multiple minutes to load simple commands. I am running on Android 8.0 with Nexus 6p so I don't believe my phone is the problem. I hope you can update this sad app or I will be returning the product very soon.
The rules are extremely inconsistent. Each time I open the app, the rules disappear! The device also often disappears on the LAN. A great idea let down by an atrocious app.
The only gripe I have is when the app is launched, it takes a while to locate and detect the WeMo device. Does it have to "locate" it every time?!?  Besides that, I'm happy with the improved version, as the earlier one was quite buggy, which is why I stopped using it and the WeMo plug was sitting in my drawer until this newer version came out and I got it back into service.
Intial device connection is problematic and I've had to attempt it several times before succeeding with each of my 2 switches, but they have worked perfectly well since then.  Firmware updates have not caused me any problems, although they seem to hang in "updating" until I refresh to discover they are complete. I'm using them to control pumps and backup battery chargers in aquaponics systems, where I need complex timing programs which aren't doable with regular mechanical or electronic timers. They have been completely reliable for over a month now.
Using this is very clumsy, software takes ages to find devices, and there is a sizeable delay between app command and power on at least half of the time. However, the scheduling works very well! It's frustrating, because it's great when it works, but it seems like a lottery determines when that is.
Understanding the app is ridiculously hard! I have few problems understanding apps usually but this app is totally flawed &amp; needs a re-make. What were they thinking?
This app is terrible. Riddled with blocking UIs, no guidance, slow loading, and barely functional technology that is embarrassingly bad.
JUNK! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! Works 10% of the time. It's been 4 years and no progress.  Updates get worse every time. I am so disappointed in Belkin. Don't think I will by another BELKIN PRODUCT.
Wemo is NOT user friendly - you have to jump through a ton of hoops that other smart products dont require.  I would highly recommend staying away from Wemo products!
Amazing experience. We have over 11 units all over my home and it's made life easier for us . This app totally works like it's made to ..... Great with Alexa
Instructions are useless. Hope you know something about networking!!
Not a smooth setup adding devices like the tutorial says, hit or miss getting it to work. Took several tries repeating the steps before it add a wemo smart outlet
Not dependable. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it at least two dozen times. Wemo seems to be a good product, wish the app was the same.
Works great so far! I couldn't get it to work with my 3 speed fan though. It just wouldn't turn it on for some reason. Hope that changes.
Occasionally loses connection to devices, but overall I'd say about 98% reliable on the first try. Would like to see widgets from Belkin for faster switching as 3rd party widgets are unreliable.
For me.. If I manually turn on switch app freezes and won't let me turn off switch. Google home operates it better.
Very sluggish app, take forever to do anything even though I own an OnePlus 5 phone , which has 8 GB RAM.   WeMo device switch does not show up and after numerous reset / restart it final show in this app. Even after finally showing up it's very difficult to set up rules such as Switch on at sunset or switch off after an hour, etc... Painful app and hardware
Overall, it works ok. It's weakness is that it fails to recognize a light that's been turned on (or on then off) since  the last time you used the Wemo app. You have to switch the light manually before Wemo can "see" it, then you must close the app and start it again before it will let you adjust the lighting. In short, it's great if you ALWAYS use the app, but a pain in the ads if you dare operate the light manually.
Won't stay connected. All other WiFi devices function properly. Updates of firmware, reinstallation, nothing keeps Wemo connected.  Quite useless waste of money.
Slow unresponsive, poor support, difficult to set up. On Android 7 there are problems, but on Android 8 Nexus 5x it had become completely unusable. Reports incorrect status of lights, killing and restarting app does not fix.
I'm a pretty smart and techie guy. I managed a computer lab for several years so I'm a trouble shooting pro. Can't get these to work consistently.
Majority of the time the app works. Sometimes has false readings if something is on or off. Force stopping the app and opening it back up resolves the issue
The link has to be reset if you change routers or your wifi password. Then it's a huge pain to get it recognized by the app and back onto the network. You have to setup bulbs again too. It's also not one of the wemo products supported by Amazon Echo a d you have to use ifttt
When it works, it's great.  Updating the switches can cause problems sometimes.
It's a pain to set up, and sucks at remembering WiFi. When it works it's fine, just can't move or reset your router. And now it's not remembering scheduled either. Oh and it never actually upgrades.
I like the dimmers , the app on the other hand feels pretty buggy. Constant disconnect and crashes
unreliable. is sometimes on when app says off, even after refresh. scheduling doesn't work every time. not user error, is a shoddy app, not up to the standard of a consumer grade product.
Have tones of problem.  A lot of time it doesn't work and it's not simply restart the app or the phone can fix the problem.  Had to go through the long process to reset the switch sometimes.  I own the other 2 or 3 brand of smart plug/switch and this is the worst one even it's such a popular brand.  Already had it for  4 months and still can't connect to the device once a while.  My dad's iPhone can't find the device at all and the customer service just said it's his phone problem not helpful at all.  Update: It has been over a year and the device still not be seen by the app half of the time.  Even wait for a few days, still not connect to the app.   Do you guys even care about the issue.  I regret that I didn't return it when I still can.  Never buy your product again.  Very disappointed
I used to have this rated at one star, bit it's gotten a lot better. Belkin is slow but consistent in fixing issues and making this more stable, and they're now at the point where I can call it good and recommend it to non-tech enthusiasts. If you want to make rules for electronics and don't mind going through setup 3 times when it fails the first two, wemo is amazing. Once you have everything setup the way you want....in the word of Steve Jobs, it just works. IFTTT integration is good too.
The App is slow on my LGv20. It had a hard time finding the device. Finally worked but trying on/off scheduling  rules would just  get constant spinning circle. I also couldn't add location for dusk to Dawn functionality. I hate to say it, because I hate Apple, I tried my Wife's iPhone and it worked flawlessly.
Works fairly well.  Some rules are hard to use
The app is slow and kludgy, even on a new flagship phone it is almost too slow to be usable. Update: now the switch isn't even visible on the network. Twice in a week this has happened. Returning it for a refund.
Tends to lose connection to one switch over WiFi, but not cellular. Latest update has made my rules disappea, yet somehow still function. Overall still a hot mess. I'm using my old plugs now at the apartment I'm in for med school, but at my aunt's house I already switched everything from WeMo to Z-wave. If you want home automation, don't even look at WeMo. It's beyond being the worst platform.
The WeMo devices work very nicely and I am impressed.  I have an issue with how the application shows me a loading screen, then it shows me a connecting to network screen, then it shows me the devices if they are detected, (they fail about 20% of the time) then it has to refresh the status on all devices. This means if i want to turn on the light for a room with my device i have to wait somewhere from 20 sec to 2 min to flip a light switch.  You need to cache this data and refresh it in the background, and use push messages on status changes for updates.  The app is also lacking widgets for the home screen, a fast easy way to toggle devices is critical for ease of use.  There is also a problem that the application times out frequently when creating rules or the failing to save a rule.
Will only connect to devices on one network per android device/app. Magically forgets rules. When I searched for help, I found complaints about both issues from 2014, so you know they're just days away from a fix. Responsive customer service, but poor documentation.
Device setup is easy, but the app is glitchy.  Sometimes toggling a switch won't get the desired action, sometimes the device disappears from the app for a time.
Works well, use it to remotely restart my security cameras when they go off line.  Great product. .
Everything was fine until recently updating the firmware. Now my units are very undependable... all 7 of them.
Very finicky. Help pages are weak. Direct user support is good.
The app is very clunky, remote access works only 50% of the time, and the set up on the process in app is really not very user friendly
Lack of control options makes automation difficult. App is too simplistic and devices don't get firmware updates often enough to keep them secure.
Doesn't connect half the time. Constantly have to unplug and plug in the wemo block. Lights only dim through control some of the time. Very disappointed :/
It works good. It foes take some time to get used to, but it can with it.
Pathetic. App is a nightmare to connect. Hardware is a headache to upgrade and PITA to connect with smart speakers. Regret buying wemo products. Avoid them.
Everyone there is an update to firmwaste, because it certainly isn't firmware, I spend hours testing everything and maybe it works..maybe it doesn't. Latest firm ware didn't allow me to save rules on wifi.. But does save the rule when connected by cellular.. Even with rule saved devices don't notice the rule and stay on. I'm finally throwing all 4 of my insights into the trash...
These work very well. Needs to have more of a security feature to prevent others from mischievous stunts. Do love it. Thanks.
The app updated itself straightaway, which added to setup time, but worked as intended after first setup attempt.  We like it very well!
Works fine just remember your devices that contorl the wemo need to be on 2.4ghz wifi. 5ghz isn't supported. Learned that the hard way with my Google Home.
Problems with app dropping out and needing resetting, until I obtained better modem. Several flawless months now!
Mr. Coffee WeMo smart coffee maker does not play well with Samsung Connect Home Pro. Even after following all setup instructions, I had to change SSID of an old router to match my current  home network's SSID just to get the WeMo device to work on the network. WeMo needs to work on making setup simple.
Amazing experience. We have over 11 units all over my home and it's made life easier for us . This app totally works like it's made to ..... Great with Alexa
App sucks, upgrade failed, now have to reboot all, try again... ask Google for some help with remote access
Can not find More button even all user manuals refer to one for firmware upgrade.   Very poor QA, at least Android version. Updated: just got TPLink Switch.  It's Kasa app way better than Wemo app.  IPhone version of Wemo app is better.  However, the Android version still much room to improve stability and reliability.
New update says wemo cloud service is offline and that i can control my devices by lan... yet i am on my lan and i cant do anything! What the hell! Do yyou guys even test releases?
When it works, it's GREAT. Nice not needing some hub... quite 'glitchy' though; I'm pretty 'techie and Wemo can stress me out at times.
The Wemo mini smart plug is great, It works like a charm, but they tend to disconnect. They also don't sink up.  Example: One turns on but it takes about 30 second for the other one to turn on. Don't get me wrong though, they are amazing. Maybe software update where the sink up?
So many bugs. Got the device earlier this year and have had nearly constant troubles. If one device turns it on, that device must turn it off. Most of the time. Once in a while it has to be a different device that turns it off... So have to be weary of turning it on because you may not be able to turn it off. Such a mess.
Barely works. Always wants you to reconnect to already connected devices. The only workaround appears to be to reset all the devices and reconnect them... The products work well, but the app is garbage.
Simple, clean UI, though can be a bit frustrating during setup for the amateur. But I think they are great.
Widgets I see this app is still being worked on and yet still no widgets. Why does belkin hate widgets?
Love this!!  This is a genius system that is incredibly user friendly and convenient!  The ability to customize brew times for a full week ahead of time.  Also if I'm headed home and want a cup of coffee I simply tap the brew button and hot coffee is waiting when I arrive!  In addition the system is beautifully designed!!  A++
Great device... fixed my problems.
set up the switch successfully.. but app then refuses to find any devices
Memo insight unrecognizable by Wi-Fi. App default to idiot screens with useless configuration info. This app get worse with each update.
I have had this app for 6 months.  Seems to work well with multiple devices. Not the most intuitive, and more rule options would be nice.
Sometimes they work sometimes they don't. Rules work sometimes. If I had the chance I would replace them with a more reliable product.
Cellular only works when WiFi is on so you cannot use it to turn on your router which was the main reason I bought it. Data collection and export is really poor. Cannot delete rule and it cannot be deleted with a hardware reset
Easy to set up, although for some reason it won't work on my Galaxy S8.  Also, I set up a schedule for my lamp to turn on, and in two weeks it never has turned on at the scheduled time.  Every day, the Wemo turns my lamp on between 3-10 minutes early.
App is total garbage. Installed a wemo switch and attempted to set up the device on my network via the app.  App would repeatedly hang during various stages of the setup. Wasted about 2 hrs and device is still not fully configured.  Will be returning the switch and uninstalling the app.
This app sucks I've been trying to update firmware on my light switches and is being 'downloading' the firmware forever. I can't remove the switches from the app and re-join them I tried to reset them but got same message. Reinstall does nothing... Useless
No easy way to reset devices or correct password typo. Had to uninstall and reinstall 3 times to get devices 2 simple  working again
Liked this app and device a lot more before the update.  I go to swipe and it's gone, reopen, swipe,  gone.  Getting irritated.  Loved it before.
I have 2 heaters. I can't set up a daily schedule on 1, let alone add the 2nd heater to the app. The heater won't maintain a set temp, it's constantly bouncing from 21 to 24°C. Do not recommend.
Half of the time the device shows offline.  Already used for more than a year, talk to customer service and still not fix at all.  Very terrible app
A virus tried to load while installing app, otherwise app working correctly. Update takes a long time.
Still very buggy. Hit or miss with finding devices, and firmware updates usually fail, often several times. Why is there no retry option or a way to push an update from the app to the device?
Set up takes ages and does not always work first time. When i go to check the hardware information a spinner appears then nothing happens. Please fix.
This is literally the worst app I've ever come across. It doesn't ever find the switches, try Domi from the windows store, written by a 10 year old, works every time.
Slow to start and then slow to find devices, warning to devs, the Xiaomi Mi Home app causes your wemo app to instant crash on startup on WiFi, problem went away after uninstalling Mi Home app then wemo worked fine
Your app sucks. Never is reliable. Have a new switch that it can't connect to; even though it's less than five feet from the router. What a waste of time and money!
4* on iOS 0* on Android.  Lacks advertised functionality (Sunrise-sunset for example).  Setting rules entirely non-intuitive.  If I hadn't had my old iPhone, I woulda returned my switch for a Lutron.
There's a bug on the "export data" page for Insight Switches where the Email Address box keeps resetting as you're typing so you can only type half of your email address. It's been like this for 3 months, can you fix it?
It's barely ok. The Wemos are great. It's this app that is terrible
Again this app is stupid for android and I had to use an iPhone to setup my devices since I switched to a new router. Belkin please get it together and figure this issue out.
Doesn't work at all. Only using widget button can turn on and off devices. App is stuck saying the devices are "downloading an update" and therefore non responsive. I cannot even remove the devices. Can't wipe them and factory reset.
It does not work with the crock pot. I've came home multiple times to no food cooked.  Tried calling and get people who barely speak English.  Worthless for a busy mom.
Not once in two years have I been able to create or save any rules, even after the latest update!  I use Muzzley app, works every time.
Not working with Google Home. I set up wemo through Google Home app and through ifttt, it used to work but doesn't work anymore. I have a wemo socket which  still works through Alexa but when I ask Google to turn my TV on and off nothing happens anymore.
I used to love this app, but since the most recent update the lights have been real buggy and have not been turning on when they're supposed to or turning off at random times and it's been real frustrating. I've tried resetting the devices and it hasn't fixed the problem.
For some reason when I'm not home it connects fine to my wemo switches on 4g network,  but when i get home connected on my wifi,  don't connect to my devices ,,and sometimes it does the same thing but the other way around connects to wifi but don't connect to 4g ...
Sometimes products works well, however if there is an update or something changes, it's the worst product ever and system goes down for several days or weeks
The app does not always work.  It requires constantly uninstalling and reinstalling.  I've got 2 lights, 2 light switches and 1 wemo maker.  Primarily, it's the lights that are the worst.  In/off doesn't work well, can't dim them much or change the color time.
It has somehow gotten worse. Who is performing their development &amp; maintenance?
Devices work well but the app had crashed so many times and never completely finished update. I also had to uninstall and install the app multiple times for it to detect all devices.
Quand je change les règles, les nouveaux paramètres ne sont pas pris en compte et reviennent toujours à de anciennes règles enregistrées avant .. Impossible d'utiliser les lampes correctement :(
The on/off works well. So does the Alexa integration. However the programming for vacation mode, ie turning on and off at  random times is confusing and not user friendly.
U guys need to add a button to notifications bar so u don't have to exit what ur doing to go into app or use the widget
Ok, but I can't save any rules to the device. Despite being able to use the device through the WeMo app, when I try and save or delete a rule, the app tells me the device is not connected and refuses to make changes.
App is clunky and slow, but can be made to work. The home screen widget are super unreliable garbage. I regret buying this hardware and am going to return it.
Tried to update the firmware as the app suggested... Nothing works now (3x lights 2x power points the link is permanently flashing orange) and hundreds of dollars now wasted on useless tech. Tried multiple attempts and heaps of time wasted. Junk system stay away!!! I'm going to ask for a refund.
Set up was a challenge.  While this is due to my router being both 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz, I am sure it is a common problem.  It should be something addressed in the set up instructions.
I bought the plug-in to minimize spending on expensive lightbulbs. This worked initially but no longer. Tried unplugging the unit for a day to let it reset and tried to re-setup but it doesn't connect. App can't find decide. Should have spent the extra cash on Samsung products.
WeMo continue to remain disconnected from Wi-Fi. Constantly drops offline, had to finally unplug and just plug in my lamps without the WeMo plugs to get the lights working again. Returning back to Costco.
Plugs keep dropping out and showing as not connected.  Have to reset them and then reinstall. Can still control through Alex's so must be a problem with the app.
Using LG V30 and the app constantly causes my phone to lock up.  I still can't set up my WeMo.
This app and the devices are not worth even a penny. Belkin should pay back the purchase price and for aggravation they cause.
To many issues keeping devices connected and reconfiguring devices when they fail to connect. Support not much help.
Would of got 5 stars but was a pain to get the first wemo connected. Had to leave it pluged in for a day before it found my wifi.
But I need a dimmer for some rooms,  also I keep loosing contact with the switches and the app freeze
The link fails to link to the blubs when you change router and the app is forever trying, unsuccessfully, to upgrade one of the devices somewhere in the house.
A virus tried to load while installing app, otherwise app working correctly. Update takes a long time.
Horrible system and app.  Did they even test this before it was released.  Do not buy. I have never been able to control wemo devices from the app
It can be very tricky to seller It can be very tricky to set up however once it's configured it does seem to work well .
Finally I don't have to worry about running around the house to turn lights off. We had X10 but it never quite got all the lights. This has not missed a single Scheduled event.
Reset several times at initial install,  finally worked.   Same problem after changing router.  Still not connected.   Junk
Love this product . If I'm going to be getting home late and my dog is home alone I can turn a light on for her . It's absolutely the best thing ever !
Recently have had issues with trying to schedule a switch. It constantly says device not found. Tried a full reset and now it won't connect to anything...
Alexa can control all my switches but one of them is not able to be seen in the WeMo app.
The app shows me an average usage of a few minutes a day and average monthly costs of around 0.50€. I wish it was true but I use my switch with all my a/v equipment attached for an average of 8 hours a day so it doesn't monitor the usage/cost correctly! So all it does is turn on/off remotely and for that there are cheaper options on the market!
The device is slow when getting it connected to WiFi, but it seems to be reliable so far; the app works well, and I really like the power monitoring features of the Insight plug.
Difficult to use.There isn't a simple way to reset the system that I have found so can't start afresh I wish I had not set my eye on it
Ridiculous Wi-Fi connection process. Updating firmware all the time. Changed my router and now I can't  reconnect.
Said it need update, went all night still no update. Sometimes it works, sometimes not. The app is pretty bad.
Too many bugs, including though not limited to being unable to delete a no longer used switch.
Poor stability, connection and response time. Wish I could reconnect via the app when it fails so much.
Hit or miss.  Loads slowly, freezes up regularly, but no other choices really.
Horrible to setup.  If it wasn't already wired in I would either return it or throw it in the garbage.
App takes a long time to open.  Also, my light is rarely detected by the app so I can't use it once it does open.
The app is very clunky and the recent update erased all of my existing rules. Away mode has never worked
Seems impossible to switch to a different WiFi router than when first installed.  Site's instructions no help.
Can't get past setup screen. Tried this app a year ago when we bought a Wemo enabled crockpot . Didn't work then, doesn't work now.
Programming  power point WEMOs is not intuative therefore is very difficult to set up times for individual lamps.
If u change network at home, it's very hard to setup again, call customer service no one respond back. Waste money
User interface is poor. Set a timer, but device turns on and off randomly. Firmware update failed many times. Not reliable. Very disappointing.
Worked for a while then stopped. Cannot get device to connect or be located. Tried all things suggested and still not working.
Very easy to set up &amp; use. Being out of state half of the week I love being able to turn on the light whenever my security system alerts me of any movements at home.
It works.  But that's like saying "meets expectations" on the report card so I give it a grade of C.  It's very pretty but not functional or user friendly.   The app craps out during the firmware update, changing settings on each wemo requires a five seconds delay after each button press, etc.  I think the only reason they are the top of mind brand is because of their first mover advantage in making a C level app and product.  Maybe my expectations are too high.
Wow, I thought my LIFX bulbs losing connection once in a blue moon was a pain, these Wemo plugs lose connection on the daily, DO NOT BUY!!!!!!  Hopefully I can find a sucker on Ebay to buy them...
It has been difficult since day one and subsequent updates have not improved the situation.
Just installed the app is so laggy (slow to respond to commands) I don't think this app was well thought out or not very savvy techky code guy's I really wish I knew how bad it was going to be maybe some other iftht like Alexa will save this from being a waste of money written on my oneplus 5
Junk never worked can't find device in software all the one that I don't own are on the list LOL
Installing and dealing with the app was kind of a pain in the butt, but after everything was plugged in the automation of all the outlets has been a breeze.
Lots of problems getting connected &amp; working. After about 10 attempts got it to work. Then it did a FW update and stopped working again. Yay!
Really have not had any issues with this app or the wemo products.  Use it with two switches, two dimmer switches, and two outlet switches.  My wife loves them so happy wife happy life!
How about adding support for multiple locations? You cant have one at home and one at the office, making it pretty useless
becomes slugish and unusable when number of devices are over 20-30. It suddenly no longer loads any rules from devices.
But I need a dimmer for some rooms,  also I keep loosing contact with the switches and the app freeze
Too slow to be useful.   Too often unreliable
App crashes a lot. It's nice when it works.
Firmware update stuck on updating.  App locks up on various screens.  Really poorly designed app.
It lets me be lazy when I am home and I can turn lights on and off when I am not home.
Seems to really not like the Note 8. Have to turn off the navigation bar, by double clicking on the dot for it to work. Otherwise it's in an endless loop. I got the phone early, and put up with it, so please address. :)
My widget never works.  When I open the actual app, It's almost never detected.
Continues to not save schedule,  constantly uninstalling and reinstalling.  Plus bad customer service.
Always disconnects and almost impossible to setup.
A cool idea, but clunky and slow. Doesn't integrate reliably with Google Assistant.
This app is terrible. I'm not able to connect any if the Mini Plugs.
It's too unstable. It works when it wants too and doesn't when you need it too from phone app or IFTTT
The worst piece of software ever written.  Garbage.  Throw away your Belkin products and buy anything else.
Permanently stuck on downloading, which locks the controls. Tried reinstalling and setting it up from scratch. Garbage
I have to turn OFF wifi on my phone to switch off my lamp. Buggy and slow.
Poor android support at best, fair IOS support and function. Very klunky.
After some difficulty with the firmware update everything is working great. I love the convenience of controlling my lights from my devices.
This application is very bad I hit the fact I bought products using this application this is the worst of the smart application
Cannot save rules, complains that the it cannot save. Tried hard reset of device, but no luck.
Thanks for wiping out all my rules with this update.  Jeeezz...come on.
The WeMo can be very difficult to link to your network and SW updates can cause it to de-link from the network and Alexa.
When it works, it is great. When it doesn't... I want to smash the switches with a hammer.
A bit confusing to program, but works well once you figure it out.
b"I like it, it's not like it is attached to life saving devices so, how can it really have bad reviews ????"
Ridiculously hard to set up, schedule and control a device. Should be mindlessly easy.
This app used to take so long to open and load. Now, however, the app opens up, loads quickly, and I'm able to turn on my lights with in a matter of seconds.  Plus, I love using my lights with Google Home.
Not so much the app but the wemo products are extremely unstable, also reset procedure is a pain
Kept causing my phone to freeze and I could never get it to connect.
Deadly slow on Samsung Galaxy S7. Wemo mini always loses connection. Returned the product and uninstalled the application.
Buggy firmware, sending back. They should not sell the mini with known issues.
It tends to drop out a bit but there has been a huge improvement in the reliability.
I can turn on my outside lights when I'm leaving in the dark and I can turn them off from my car.
If you're lucky to get connected to your switch you better hope the power doesn't go out. I've replaced all my wemo light switches.
Love it I can turn on equipment at my shop with out being there. I use to have to get in 45 minutes earlier to make sure everything was ready to go for the day.
The app worked ok at first but now won't save new rules despite lots of troubleshooting. The rules are kind of the key to the functionality of the switch, so 0 stars.
Wish the device itself could be a little smaller, but otherwise good app and product
Belkin plugs get dropped from network easily and it's a pain to go around resetting 10 devices
Trying to reset devices and nothing is communicating with each other wemo link and 3 wemo light bulbs
Ran into alot of problems at every stage. Not a great app.
I have it on my front porch, so when it's dark out, it I use it to turn on the lights, which lets me see up my long driveway.  I love it and it works great!
Wish you all would support/fix the WeMo Bulb, or offer a trade in for another WeMo product since they don't work anymore.
Setup is kind of klunky, but when it is up and running it seems to work well.
A pity there is no open API to communicate programmatically
Widgets do not work on Samsung Galaxy s8 Plus. Needs fixed.
It's getting better functioning. I recommend working with actual Users to better understand issues!
The app is just sad. Please hire someone to make a real mobile app.
Basically have to close the app after any change because it freezes
I've updated my home WiFi password and can't reconnect to wemo. I've uninstalled/reinstalled multiple times but has kept the former password saved. Searched help and there's 0 articles found.
I really like the products but the updates seemed to fail most of the time so I dropped the rating a star.
Hard to impossible to program 2 devces and now it turns on and off regardless of the schedule
I Moved from X-10 to Wemo and like the Alexa interface. The fact they keep doing software updates is great, I hope they have a eye on security.
Unfortunate mess of an app. Can't even type in webviews to login to other services.
Huge pain to install and still doesn't want to work right
The app generally works for my switches, but never works for my bulbs.
Had to unplug the device because it wasn't connecting. Was a little too fickle
Poor performance and the in-app web browser had all kinds of errors.
Gets a few gliches now and then, but i seem to sort it out
The app is super slow and seems to take 1-2 minutes to do anything.
It can't even show the correct time....this is just an expensive waste of time
Latest version I can't save any rules. Why push an update when it was working fine?
Great app - been using it for over a year now.  Love the automatic turn on when we walk past the motion sensor!
September 2017 update failed - No support from WeMo to fix
Constantly forgets network. Have to reconfigure at least once a week
b'Got a Wemo power switch. So far so good. Works flawlessly. But havent explored all the functions yet.  A little big - physically and price-wise. Overall excellent.??'
Updates for lights wouldn't work for months. Camera works for a couple days then greys out. Could be a great app.
Edit: Finally got the mini working!  After two hours I read an amazon review where a guy used an older phone of his to set it up and it worked right away.  I went and grabbed an old Galaxy S6 and it worked.   Edit: Got a wemo mini plug and it's a nightmare to setup again.  Google Pixel XL phone and Google Wifi network  .  To start you will instantly be confronted with one of the saddest user interface designs in the play Store marketplace. It looks like some kids first try at a super basic UI. Next is the issue of not being able to even run through the setup on my Google Pixel XL. The instructions for disabling auto switching do not work for the Pixel so the wemo app won't run through the setup process.
Works when it wants to and if it asks you to UPGRADE... Go to the movies or something.. SMH
works for a day then doesn't, won't connect to Wi-Fi, overall very disappointing
Installation is the worse... I have had the most trouble with wemo... I can't recommend this product.
Does not run on  PC; does not see installed wemo light switch. App ran well enough on android phone but not with Chrome running Windows 10.
Connection issues make it almost impossible to create rules for turning devices on and off
Setup could be a little easier but once setup it works great. I've had no issues with loosing connection to my router in over a year.
Lights sometimes don't even work when you push the button
The app is shxt when you have more than one plug, or multi location, or when you updated your SSID &amp; key. If you survive the setup part, then it is fine I guess.
Doesnt connect, doesnt work, freezes when you go into settings
Ok, but a little difficult to sync wih my Kasa account!
The app constantly hangs, loses connectivity to a switch that I literally just edited a rule for, and lacks basic UX/UI features. Want to enter a time for 10:00? Well you'll have to click an arrow 30 times because the default time is 9:30am and you can't enter time manually.
I've git tow smart receptacles link to Alexa and I have to admit that the work as specified by wemo, I'm looking forward to test their light switches.
its really bad, loses configuration when current is off
b"I'm physically disabled and live on my own I have the wemo bulbs and smart plugs it's really nice to have independence! ????"
Lights turns on whenever it feels like, not reliable.
A pity there is no open API to communicate programmatically
Can't get remote access to work...seems to be a common issue
Trying to install on Moto Droid Turbo... Last step in the WeMo app states "Open the WeMo app to complete setup" Huh?? No option to select my home network?
WeMo products are garbage. Can't connect to networks with a "." in the network name.
I can never get this app to work.
Still can't get into settings. Also emails from insight never go out.
Easy to use and  turn off/on lights fountain etc.  Haven't used scheduling yet, but expecting a smooth trial.
Not a user friendly interface when setting the timer for a lamp...good luck!
b'Unreliable, slow, and an outdated UI.  Needs massive overhaul ??'
Especially bad anf slow. Also doesn't work.
Painfully slow app. Refuses to store new rules.
Very difficult to set up and rules don't work
UI is good. WeMo works with all lamps in my house. App continues to lose the custom pictures I have for all my plugs. Other than that they work great.
Latest update broke rules. Now it spins the circle forever.
Probably one of the worst apps I've ever used.
Switchs work well app is not the easiest to get on with.
Very buggy and doesn't work with Oreo yet.
Disconnects everday. Have to reset all the time. Total waste.
Set up was not intuitive once set up performs as it should
Notifications stop working. Have to constantly reset device.
Doesn't connect. Not user friendly at all
Works well most if the time.  Some network issues.
Rules work about half the time, undependable and disappointing.
Rubbish app, should be simple to set up like any other programmable switch but it isn't
These devices are very unreliable and maddening. Avoid!
Overall works well, setup not so good.
Works great! Never have to run out to my detached garage anymore when I realize I forgot to shut off the lights. Very convenient!
Always disconnects. Takes forever to set back up.
The instructions /help in the app are not so clear.
I use it at a seasonal cottage to turn the space heaters on before I arrive. Best thing ever!
Last upgrade failed and won't let me update again..even though it says upgrade failed try again..?
Lots of issues connecting to internet.  I am returning.
Doesn't always connect but when it works it's great
Trying to connect a wemo switch to my network is a nightmare.
Utter garbage. Slow unwieldy app. Weak devices. Get Lutron instead.
Totally unreliable. Some times it works,  most times it doesn't.
Needs to be  updated, 5 atemps, not seeing the smart plug, not connecting to the plug?
Connection Issues especially after changing router
Works well to turn off stuff but the auto off timer never ever works. that's the whole point of buying this
App doesn't do what you think it show. It's a pure gimmick. Avoid all belkin accessories at all cost.
Doesn't save pictures, have to reset app constantly, doesn't recognize devices most of time. Needs major improvements.
Physical installation was as easy as replacing a regular Light switch. Internet hookup was very straightforward.  My wife wants one on every switch in the house.
Absolute garbage. Stay away from this hardware and software.
Problems saving rules and firmware updates
Awesome to be able to control my Crockpot from anywhere! Or just to see how long I've been cooking. I highly recommend!
Room for improvement, but it's getting better.
Trying to install on Moto Droid Turbo... Last step in the WeMo app states "Open the WeMo app to complete setup" Huh?? No option to select my home network?
The user interface is simple and easy but could use some tweaks. The outlet works perfectly! Love the timer function and that it works with alexa
Works very well. I'm able to check up on my animals when I am not at home. And also see what's going on in the house.
Very buggy. I have to leave the network and go through a cellular connection on my phone to connect to the wemo switches in my house!
"Hi, I'm Russell P-A from the twin- isle state of T &amp; T. Yes the hardware and the software work as stated on this site and on the packaging, thank you".
I can never get this app to work.
Easy to use and  turn off/on lights fountain etc.  Haven't used scheduling yet, but expecting a smooth trial.
Belkin Cloud server very slow
Great App but sometimes the software is a little slow.   Still gets 5 stars.
App sucks rules do not work
Useless! Keep forgetting the device.
Everything works as advertised. App is simple and easy to setup. Timing for lights works very well. I'll be expanding my wemo device collection.
Works fine, slow as molasses. Luckily Wemo devices can be accessed other ways once set up.
Turns on and off randomly. Connection problems
Doesn't work at least half the time.
Hit or mis if it can talk to devices
Super. It's very easy to use. It work perfect for me. I have a total of over 30 so far and  still adding more.
Spent hours, can't get it to work. AVOID firmware upgrade!!!!!
Same my rules don't work anymore
"Attempting to connrct, please wait"  Installed latest update on 8/19/17 still no joy. I have a $49 paperweight. Thanks Belkin.
Stopped syncing with app after a month of use.
I have tried 10 different schedules hit all the right buttons but the light doesn't come on and the light switch is on
Adding switches doesn't work.
Hangs most of the time, too buggy to use
Didn't work: Samsung galaxy s6
Not user friendly stay away.
I'm very impressed with this device. I have (2) lamps scheduled to come on &amp; it works flawlessly. Remote operational is the cats ass!
It's really difficult to connect to wemo.
Great App and Innovation! Looking forward for development on a one full system that can be connected to Main Electrical circuit control.
Doesn't work well over mobile network
The worse app I have ever used in long time ..
Can't get it to work.
It disconnects all the time.
Works great! Easy setup and functions perfectly from the app and my Google home.  Not sure why people have been rating it so low
Most of the time it works good.   Now and then, it needs to be re-booted.
App crashes now. Useless.
"Hi, I'm Russell P-A from the twin- isle state of T &amp; T. Yes the hardware and the software work as stated on this site and on the packaging, thank you".
Awesome stuff. Niftiest little smart home device I've had so far. Very handy
Not reliable. Clumsy interface.
Fails horribly. Very unreliable.
Does not work most of the time
This app is a dumpster fire, I'm replacing my wemos with another option
Not as many functions as I hoped to have reguarding switches. Like switch on after X at dusk.
Now that I have WEMO, I can't imagine being without my plugs and switches
Devices are great, app hiccups often, but over all I'm happy.
App is slow and products connect unreliable at best
Doesn't work all the time
WeMo is all right for setting up and leaving, but may God help you if you change routers!!
Not impressed, doesn't work (wemo insight) with Netgear C6300
It works but can't connect to ifttt with my FB or Google accounts through the app
Does not connect. Took it back.
It's too freaking slow
Have to force stop the app more than I would like. Hoping the bugs work out soon.
An update disconnected my plugs
My wemo app doesn't connect the device with the app, I'm using s8+
Ilike it but learning to work scheduling is a little involved. It us simpler than it ead though. We have 2.
Makes it so easy to turn on stuff, like lights. Very handy. Trouble free on all my phones. Quality app.
Wemo seems to have most of the bugs worked out now. Rules are working well too.
Works great with Android, IFTTT,  and Google Home &amp; Alexa. App rules work awesome for setting up automation.
Works ok .sometimes schedules do not show up in UI even though they run
Seamless setup and operation. My Amazon Echo and Google Home units connected easily and everything works like a charm.
I really love voice controlling with wemo.  Brilliant app. Well recommended. Does need patience tho!
It does the basics but the scheduling portion of the app needs a lot if work to be more user friendly.
App is good. We just have the light switches. The timer is the value with these lights. Little bit extra security.
Easy set up, works with existing bulbs. Used mainly for turning on/off lights while away on vacation.
Looking for way to turn all schedules on/off at once, but easy to add devices. No hub required.
Won't hook up to Google Let home in more than one location
The app is fine, but config is a little flaky sometimes. Overall I like it and really like that works with an Echo
dozens of failed attempts to connect.
Reset settings, not intuitive...
The hardware is well built but the app user xp is catastrophic
Doesn't always work
Setup instructions for the older version of wemo switch is not very clear.
Aside from a little while taken to set up with Google assistant everything seems to work as it should.
Efficient and reliable, it has worked for me maintenance free for two years so far.
Very buggy app compared to the iOS version. Not ready for prime time.
Hit or miss, mostly miss...
4 out 5 times will not connect
Haven't used it extensively but works great for turning it off and on from the app and works great with Amazon Echo.
Pb wifi non résolu application crash
Not just the app but the devices are just too buggy. Disconnect too often
Looks like there may have been a hot fix. Everything is back to working. Much better now.
Device does not work
Works great ... helps a lot, you can set a timer up for anything you want!
Poor connectivity instructions.
Extremely frustrating app to use
Too many problems to be worth the money.
Rules don't work
First device of this type I have ever tried.
Firmware updates always fail
This thing sucks!
Many bugs and too slow
Can't change time on timers. Have to delete and start new one.
Bulbs update always fails
Cant live without now that ive got them.
Programming continues to be a problem.
Very frustrating to program!
The worst software in the world
Absolutely rubbish app and switch
It's great when it works but can be tricky to install.
It doesn't work
Firmware update keeps failing
The hardware is well built but the app user xp is catastrophic
A bit slow to connect a times but a cool user friendly app
Insight switch does not return to on state. Editing schedule times in the app doesn't work.
Very easy to set up &amp; use. Works flawlessly with Nest &amp; IFTTT!! Absolutely Fantastic, thank you WeMo!!
Too slow and cumbersome.
The app does not even open on Android 8.0
After latest update application not working well
Very functional app and with many options to control the my WeMo Mini.
The app needs a complete overhaul. Barely works on my phone.
Doesn't recognize devices properly on V20.
POS gets slower and crappier with every update
Alexa turn on wemo, thank you
No way to change name from wemo what?
Doesn't find your devices...never works...if you can't find your device how are you suppose to control it
When I am not home the app stops communicating with my switches.
HARD TO CONNECT TO WI-FI
Worked immediately after simple setup. Uncomplicated interface. Convenient. Actually, kind of fun.
The app is great.  I also use it with Alexa, and it works well with her too.
Have 5 devices. Once you know how to set everything up it works as described.
Simple to use. Works perfectly. Never has an issue. Recommend all wemo/Belkin products.
Reseting never works
I don't have any major problems with it. Works el most of the time. Happy with it.
Setup was a bit tricky but works great with Echo.
Pb wifi non résolu application crash
One year using. Still works well.
Works well most of the time.
Using 2 of the on outlets for room  AC, able to turn on and off as needed
Cannot connect with ifttt
Doesn't connect with Google assistant
Not connecting. Please look into this
Looses program after a few days
App needs lots of bug fixes
Bed room is upstairs, a great convenience starting air conditioning before bedtime.
Incredibly unreliable with regard to setup.
It will be better if it can record how many hours it was on high or low.
This app had gone to the dogs
b'i been using it 4 two years its ??'
All my rules have been removed.
Unresponsive, does not work reliably
There should be an "check for update" selection.
Great products. Easy to use app. Had for 3 months and no issues
Easy to use and very convenient.  I love that I can control my Nest with this.
Absolutely useless app
No rules can be set to the device
Great device! Fits my needs exactly. Plan to buy 2 or 3 more.
Fails accessibility guidelines,  poor instructions,  poor privacy policy,  and poor functionality.
Works very well on multiple devices.
Does not connect to IFTTT... IT'S NOT ROCKET SCIENCE!!!
Freaking sucks buy Leviton instead
Works well!!
Works very well.
The program Loaded up with no problem. Very happy
Problem in resetting wifi
Unstable, unfriendly
Nothing but trouble
Great, the way it randomly comes on and off while in away mode!
Works well with Alexa.
Love the Google home integration. It also works with IFTTT and Alexa.
Firmware issue s
Sucks, search can't find.
b'??..Brilliant way to steal people money'
I really love this app. Great for long days out and trips
Basic functions worked easily. Still learning. Getting into the automation era.
Too. Inconsistent
Frozen all the time.
Cannot connect with ifttt
Good app. However only works on certain WIFI settings
Update failed over and over
Had issue with iphone, but android setup was easy and straight.
Does what it says on the can.
Tech savvy and I still cant this POS to work. Ugggggh
Terrible software and firmware
So far (1 week) works well.
Works only once in a while
It is just so unbelievably easy to use.  It practically sets up itself.
Great application for connecting all your smart devices together.
Love WeMo does what it says! Flawless connectivity with echo dot
Functional but ugly
First device connected easily.  Subsequent will simply not connect.
Very confusing!!
Works great. Would like more features for the price of hardware
Buggy, very buggy
Scheduling does not work on Android. Only works correct on iPhone.
Not working very well
Too many bugs...
Makes life much easier.  Nice that it's compatible with Google home.
Great device and easy to use. I will definitely purchase another
No success with reliably pairing with a mini plug.
Can't connect to IFTTT.
Super!
Buggy on a Droid.
4 months of wall outlet for lamps working flawless.
It will be great to have more tech spec for newones
Easy set up, easy use. Very reliable!
Needs usage graphing
It works as suppose to
Wemo is great.  Super easy to install and use.  It just works.
Doesn't work
I  Junk.
Could be more reliable. Often can't find the odd device.
Doesn't work
Auto off timer does not work consistently.
Works flawlessly after a fee months' use.
Won't connect
Never finds devices
Devices could be cheaper
App and product sucks
Works as it should.
Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, integration with SmartThings is a pain in the ***...
This thing is great I love it
Never finds the device during setup huge pain in the ass
Just wanna say One Word "Awesome"
Works perfectly with both my Google Home and Alexa.
This paired easily with my phone, and was fun to use
Very confusing!!
Won't work
Works!
doesn't work
Does the job well
2 years with this app no issues  highly recommend
Software sucks.setup sucks.
Installation buggy.
It's so good that I bought another one :)
It works perfectly and it costs a fraction of similar products
Doesn't work
Like it. Does what is should.  Easy to install and there is good support.
Worked as expected can access locally and over the Internet
Loved it at first,  now sometimes it doesn't work.
Best way to manage a crock pot ever!
Fairly easy to set up and cool
Ease of setup and use is awesome!
Love it. Works just great!
So far so good thanks
Works well. Very simple to use!
Best way to do your home or office
Very easy to manage and it's pretty reliable
My Wemo works great!
works great, easy setup!
So far works really well.
Wonderful having lighting controls at my fingertips
Challenging to setup..awesome when working!
Works great. Wish I had more.
Won't connect
Really love being able to control anywhere.
Wemo works awesome with my Alexa
I am extremely impressed with this excellently performing app....
Functions as expected and beautiful integration with Alexa
Easy to set up and reliable to use!
Pretty inconsistent
Needs to be able to set a timer for on and off
It works.  Fun to turn lights on with phone.
Mostly great but could be more reliable.
It's awesome. It reduce our efforts
Excellent device, it has operated flawlessly.
Great for security when we return home late.
it is so convenient and easy to install and setup!
It seems to work well for me.
Works great. Does exactly what I need.
Easy to use, set it up and worry free
Works great,   just as advertised. THEBJE1.
Exactly what I wanted...simple, fast, and easy setup.
Works well.
Easy to setup, works well , quality product
Won't connect
Works great simple set up .
Good device, I have no problem with.
Love it. Can turn the light on from work for the dogs.
It's ok
Never updates, always fails on update
Works as promised
works. never had any problems with it.
It is easy to install and use.
Works well
Rarely works
Very buggy
Very bad
Not working
My Wemo works great!
It work great when it works.
Easy to use and set up.
Great, works well!
Works as described
Great app. Works seamlessly with Alexa.
It works
Handy everyday, best for vacation
Great For when I'm at school
Nice to have. Work very well.
Love it. Simple to set up
Works as expected
Working better than it did.
Easy setup, works great
Great product, great app.
Android Oreo support? Adaptive icons?
I like it
It works
Sucks on Android
Buggy &amp; Inconsistent
Extremely buggy
Work well with Google Home.
Working as expected
Keep crashing
Hard to setup
Only work half of the time.
Perfect &amp; performs its job well!!
Runs slow
So slow...
Multiple crashes
Alot of glitches
Works like a charm. Love it
Great app!
Getting better all the time
Nice app.  Very practical.
So far so good
It works pure and simple
Works great, like it
Excellent app to control devices
It works really well
b'Works really well ??'
Easy to use.  Works as described.
Very good for homes.
Very easy to use.
Best when used on android.
Quick. Easy to use
Works just great.
Great app and works great
Nice little device and app
Wemo works great.
It works so well
Good job!
So far so good
Nothing but headaches.
Best home automation there is
Super easy to set up
100* better than switchmate
Buggy &amp; Inconsistent
Good products Awesome app
b'Works ??'
Easy to use and easy to setup
Easy to use app.
Very handy and easy to use
Very practical and efficient!
Works as intended. Love the IFTT.
Excellent.  Works exactly as advertised.
Essential for operation of Wemo devices
Setup was extremely easy.
Awesome.  Works as expected.
Great device i enjoyed a lot
This is perfect for my need
It great  item thanks
best purchase ever
Awesome products!!!
Great app!
Very useful!
Intermittent at best
great products
Works great
Works
Love it!
Awesome technology!
Good app.
Very easy to use
Very useful
Great control with Alexa
awsome!
Great app
Easy to use...use it anywhere
Great fun
I love it
It is great
Very easy and convenient
Good Apps.
Thanks
Very convenient
Easy setup.
Useful app
Smooth. No problems.
Not bad
It's great
Love this app!
Worked as planned.
Like it
Great for updating houses
Works great
Wemo works great
Works great!
Great app.
Easy to set up
great  app
Much improved!
Useful
Enjoy it
This app needs a lot of work. Very slow. Setting up wemo mini not a streamlined workflow. Would have thought twice about buying these if Id seen the app rating first. To get 5 stars, app needs streamlined workflow for setting up new wemo minis without the confusion for android devices and auto network select. Would also need a much more responsive app overall. The time between a tap and a reaction is several seconds and there is often no indication that a tap occured and the app was doing things. My guess is that wemo outsourced the creation of this app without a lot of QA on the release because internally developed apps rarely have this poor of an experience.
Love it
This frigging thing. Do not purchase these. They work occasionally. I have reset it, updated it, troubleshooted and even reinstalled it. I never post reviews, but this piece deserves one. It decides when it wants to function. The only time you can use it is when you've just recently turned it off or on. Otherwise, it goes into a sleep mode and doesn't respond.  Very. Very. Disappointed customer.
Love it
Better than previous versions.    Still slow. Needs the ability to select a device and force an update of firmware. It would be nice to add an icon to the phone 's menu to toggle each device without opening the full app. It would need some sort of a multi step process to prevent accidental "butt dialling".
Setup could be a bit smoother since at one point it felt like I was just guessing as what to do, but after it's setup the app is fine and UI is intuative.  The original smart plug is GIANT.  I'm glad they shrunk it down so it doesn't take up 3 outlets on a strip anymore.  It's worth the 25 bucks I paid for it.  Main reason I got it was it's Alexa compatible.
Love it
Handy
I have 3 switches (plugs) and it works fine as long as I just want to turn my out door lights on and off the schedule however is useless. Sometimes it just turns 1 of the switches on sometimes 2 it's just random. I have excellent Wi-Fi connections. Would be great if you could fix that
Not the most user friendly interface. Clumsy and difficult to set schedules. Has a lot of glitches during scheduling but once you finally get it, works well. Auto away feature doesn't work at all. This app really needs some work as the product is great.
Hit and miss.  Has not operated correctly since install.  The Away feature has not worked. Turned the light on  but didn't turn it off.  Today it has not turned the light on, but Rules state that it is active. Says it needs an update but quickly says its happy.  Then mini states it needs to update??  If the light won't come on and off as scheduled, then what's the point of this?  There needs to be stable functionality right quick, or there's a refund in my near future.
Great product with excellent Amazon Echo (i.e. "Alexa") integration.  That said, configuring the WeMo Light Switch via the Wemo app can be a buggy experience, particularly if you already have other Wemo devices.&nbsp; The workaround for this is to temporarily disable the cellular service (i.e. 4G) on your phone, thereby forcing the app to use the Wifi hotspot created by the Wemo Light Switch.
nice
These devices are great when they work. The big problem with them is that they rarely work with no issues.  It only useful as a novelty Do not make the mistake of counting on them to function when you're away from your home and can't do a power reset or network reset to have them function again for awhile longer.
Love it
Junk
Good
Awsome
"Be home even when you're not" their slogan is a complete lie. Glad we only bought one device. We specifically bought to run our lights when we are out of town. Away mode has never worked. I'm better off buying an old fashion timer. Tried to turn the lights on and off manually on our last trip away and it wouldn't connect to the switch at all. Terrible expensive product.
Amazing
Absolutely rubbish product and confusing app.  The product is hopeless. I gave to gave it in a socket within 15 ft of the Wi-Fi router to get it to  connect. The instructions are none existant both for the hardware and the app. I can see no point in this at all. It is utterly useless. Thankfully I bought it from Amazon.  It goes back tomorrow.  Consider the many alternatives before buying this product. Belkin you should be ashamed of marketing a product of this standard.
It's good when you are in your own house, but says you can control it via cellular connection. .. Not True! Never works over cellular. 4/15/17 just tried again while out of state and didn't work over cellular or when I connected with Hotel wifi. WTF WEMO! Trying now while home to enable remote access and says I cant.
Works fine, but why does it need access to everything in my phone? Something changed in a recent update. You can no longer enable a rule once it is disabled. You must delete and create a new rule. Becoming iritating. I have only 1  usable schedule. On old outlet timer works better.
Awful
Love it
Garbage
Varry good
Awful
b'I LOVE IT ??????????'
Garbage
Useful
LOVE
Excellent devices
Awesome
Very cool
Works great
Good product
Hopeless
Painfully slow, buggy and non-intuitive. It crashed and required reinstalling during initial setup of my first device. Registering with IFTTT through the app (you can't do it from a browser)  caused it to force crash multiple times. Every screen is a UX mess. The latest update claims to help but I didn't notice any difference.
Whatever you do, do NOT update the firmware on any device. It simply doesn't work. There should be repercussions for people putting out such awful software. Too many viable alternatives to this startup-quality automaton to have to endure the products. I foolishly bought 3 Wemo devices. Lesson learned to late. Avoid Wemo.
Absolutely irredeemably awful. The only thing worse than the glacial response to user input is there is no indication that it's even doing anything. Feels more like an alpha release than a several year old widely used application.
At first, I was disappointed because the app did not adequately connect with the switches or reflect the current status over the internet. They would only work over home Wi-Fi. They seem to have addressed this issue, though, because everything seems to work flawlessly now. I often forget to turn off lights when I leave for the university in the morning and this allows me to easily remedy that from afar. A cool use for the apps automated scheduling is, I was able to take a refrigerator that did not have automatic defrost and set the refrigerator so that it intermittently shut off for short periods of time to allow the coils to defrost. Pretty nifty.
The app itself works fine, it's the Wemo Switch that doesn't. It constantly loses connection to my home wifi for no reason, I've moved it to different areas of the house, made sure it's not blocked somehow, and still only works half of the time. I'd save your money.
Rediculasly difficult to set up. You download the app just to find out 10 minutes later that it won't work until you update the app. Then after updating the app it freezes up the original app so at that point nothing works. This product must be made in Russia because it is a communist plot to drive you insane. The box says it is designed to make your life easier but it actually does the oposit
Can't rename devices.  Devices get lost for minutes at a time.  The state of the devise does not match that of the actual device.  This feels like an amateur's first attempt at writing network software.  Avoid WEMO until the software is more mature.    UPDATE: It still sucks.  Update of the update:  after a couple of app and firmware updates...   ...it still sucks.  I threw the switches away and I'm looking for a home automation system that works.
Terribly slow, has trouble detecting devices, setting up new devices rarely works. I could go on. Once you finally get things going, leave it alone because you cringe every time you have to go back into the app. This app needs a rebuild and fast!
This app is completely unreliable. I had to do a factory reset on the light switch twice before the app found the switch. It took dozens of attempts just to set up the switch to turn on at sunset and off at sunrise.  That was the only reason I bought the switch, to turn on at sunset and off at sunrise. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
The app is really buggy and a really poor experience. Rules sometimes can't be enabled after they're disabled, sometimes only the start times shows when trying to set a schedule, and sometimes the app just hangs. It's just taken me 10 mins to set a schedule for a lamp to turn on for 2 hours every morning. I'll never buy another WeMo.
Hey, wemo just crashed while I was typing this! Setup for my switch and outlet (these don't need a hub other than a regular router) was incredibly frustrating but eventually worked. I have high hopes for improvements in the future.
I LOVE WEMO. I have 10 devices (5 switches and 5 sensors). Android app not working so great right now. Apple IOS is my prefered goto device to use the Wemo app on . The "Last Sensed" notification is very handy though on the Android version (which has sadly disappeared in the last update).
This app had come a long way. The Android app was a little neglected for a while but they have really taken it seriously. It's reliable. Works with assistant, wear, and had widgets.  At this point this is the most reliable​ home automation for switches and outlets I've seen and we use it every day.
Typically apps improve overtime. WeMo has decided to go against the grain and get worse. I used to be able to control my WeMo from anywhere. Since the latest update, now it says i can only control it from my home network. This almost 100% defeats the purpose of buying one. It's just a fat plug adapter at this point. Good job guys
I mean this sincerely.  Whoever you have designing your app, fire them. If you are selling a product that is dedicated to being a mobile product, the mobile app should be the main concern for you.  Everything is wrapped around an app that is slow, buggy, clumsy, and the user interface is awful. How can this be the product you're offering to the consumers and you sell it with a straight face. Get this thing together, get some management in your development teams, and redesign this immediately.  I would be embarrassed if I was leadership at this company.....  That's all.
Can't control lights as constantly shows they are updating. This isn't an old issue please sort it. Also changed to new router and it's lost my devices despite constant resets. My old rules are no longer working!! You guys suck at designing apps
Works fine with the app...sometimes.  Many other times, the app says that it doesn't recognize the device and you need to shut the app down and reset it in order to recognize its own devices. DO NOT purchase these to use with Google Home. Works for about an hour and then it stops. Won't recognize the device until you reset it.
Had this for a few years now. Refuses to find even one of my insight switches or the older switches. Yet can remote access my network. So only woks locally. App and set up says remote enabled!! App lacks features and 4 years on the App remains poor.    Despite contacting tech support  Rules still cannot be saved for switch or insight switch.   The app simply gets stuck with circular hour glass making them pointless or just fails to save them or show the ones created???     Software still needs a lot of work!   App permissions also seem excessive.   Settings seem tricky, even with updates on various Android devices!
Does what I expected. Would like to see smartthings integration as well as nest home/away without requiring the thermostat. I use the location setting on my phone because of pets and would not have the motion detector utilized on the thermostat (if I had one) to determine home/away. Please update. Otherwise, great app and products
Not the most user friendly interface. Clumsy and difficult to set schedules. Has a lot of glitches during scheduling but once you finally get it, works well. Auto away feature doesn't work at all. This app really needs some work as the product is great.
The widgets are absolutely attrocious. They literally never work. They just spin with a question mark inside them. App needs a force close everytime it's open the first time. A few menu options lead to a never ending spinning icon. Whole design looks like it was made for android cupcake devices.
Unreliable. Works great for a while and then crashes. Very difficult to reestablish connections after a crash. Belkin has farmed out their tech support to a shady business that claimed my network had a virus and wanted $99 to remove the virus before they would assist me. Of course, there was no virus, but there was a SCAM!
Auto-off Timer nearly never works. It worked a couple of times and now never works. This was a primary reason for trying this device with my setup. Very disappointed! Otherwise, it functions as described. IFTTT integration makes this a lot more valuable.
I've been having multiple issues with the switch since purchase. The auto off rules are so sporadic in actually working I've turned them off. I have a extremely consistent internet signal but quite often ill get that the switch isn't connected and can't be detected.
So when it works it's great. Problem is it is really buggy. After resetting it for the third time, link was stuck in updating firmware.  Called support and they couldn't fix it. Sending a replacement. Not really pleased as I had to secure it with a credit card and will need to pay shipping back to them. More expense for a bad product. Hoping replacement will work better.
The set up process was pretty simple.  I have 3 devices.  Firmware updates seem to lock up the app but eventually installed.   I set up some rules but they don't consistently work.  Sometimes one device comes on with the rule and not another.   I also set up a new rule but for some reason I can't enable it.  I tried deleting it and recreating it still no luck.
You really want me to rate this now? Ok. Just got the WeMo Mini plug and followed the setup instructions. Work just fine then a message popped up asking to upgrade the firmware. Now it is a brick! Got to use it exactly one time!  Then the app keeps annoying me to rate it now!
this is quite possibly the crappiest app ive ever delt with.  i just got a new router and its been 30 minutes, and i still have only 1 of my 5 switches working.  terrible in app directions, the switching from the wemo switch wifi to the house's wifi constantly fails..  all of my ip cameras, and other smart devices/apps all went flawlessly.  this junk?  constantly says something is wrong.  junk junk junk
App sucks. It's clunky and not intuitive.  Feels like it was built offshore to save money.  Firmware updates brick the app and device. It barely ticks the box.  Not worth the money you pay for it. I could build something better with a raspberry pi and a free afternoon.  Thanks
Terrible and unreliable.  I wish I could count on my wemo plugs always being found by networks and devices but every time I open the app it feels like I roll the dice on if the devices will be found or if I'll have to resync them again.  Much less getting the software to work properly with my amazon echo.
App not very responsive.  The greying out of non responsive items is annoying and usually comes back after a refresh.  Some good features present.  Overall the application is slow to respond and sometimes needs to be restarted to make it responsive.  Very different experience with some of the competitors applications....Wemo app needs a bit of work.
After following the instructions numerous times and reinstalling the app several more, I finally got my mini plug to show up in the app. All was well until I tried to add the skill to Alexa. The site couldn't be found for several hours. Finally got to the site to add the skill and now Wemo can't find my device... again.
b'Works good but it does not work now with ifttt since last update. Please fix it. I wish this app was like it was at first when it came out now it regret wasting my money on this wemo stuff ??'
Unreliable schedules, slow interface. Firmware update of devices broke all schedules. Setup of new devices very unreliable, usually have to go through it all 2 or 3 times. Recommend a 3rd party control once devices are set up (which is all I now use the official app for)
Why is it so difficult to connect bulbs.. Why? When it works great... When it doesn't which is most of the time.. Waste of money. It seems like it was an idea that half way through they gave up and didn't let us know.. So now we are stuck.. Thanks!
After update, the app has become unreliable, switch states are not always correct, and the app freezes sometimes. Motion detector is constantly triggering for no reason. My Insight switch now shows avg daily of 65 hours. I guess it's working on some other planet.
b"Absolutely rubbish!!!  Complete waste of money and time!! That's putting it nicely! Don't bother stressing yourself out over it like I did! Initial setup took forever to connect, had it working fine for a couple of weeks. Very Inconsistent, sometimes it worked sometimes it didn't.  Then it stopped working altogether so tried the update and hasn't worked properly since. Thrown it in the bin because if I waste 1 more second of my life trying to fix this piece of **** I'm going to have a meltdown! ??"
Hit/miss. The first plug set up pretty easily. I've been fighting with the 2nd for 2 days now-- it will not connect to my wifi network. It will probably end up in the garbage (or through the window)
Week one: Got two plug wemos and plug in lamps. Works fast and stable. Timer works well too. I'm going to buy more. Week two: wemos are not detected. Update software. Wow it works and works well. Just need amazon echo now. Week 3... Done devices can't be detected again :-(3 months: app never works BUT my echo voice commands work perfectly through ifttt.6 months: most devices are not discovered now, rendering the whole thing useless... Moved to lifx.2 years later. These work so well
I'm really starting to get fed up with this product. every time there's a firmware upgrade it causes issues that I then have to contact support to try and sort them out. it's getting very tedious.  On top of that the app itself is very buggy and constantly locks up. It is also extremely unreliable with remote control of switches only working about 30% of the time.  If I'd known what I know now I would have never purchased this product.
Worked brilliantly until last update.  Now won't reset &amp; it says not responding &amp; can't see devices.  Why   must i have to unplug everything &amp; UNINSTALL &amp; start sgain to get the things to work. Fix this issue please as I should not have to do this with every update. Thank you.
Very slow and crashes often. Poor testing - allows the use of Google OAuth to sign into IFTTT, but that hasn't been allowed since last year for security reasons.
I have 5 Wemo Switches. The latest update to the switch firmware has given a slight problem in that one of my switches reports a failed update even though it works perfectly. This problem only occurs when I'm connected to my home wifi. Over the phone data signal there's no problem reported. Edit...Still the same with the latest update.
Can't connect to iftt or nest! Can't even type anything in the text input boxes. What a joke! After paying 70aud for the most basic product, this app should work!!
Another user was able to control my device and I was able to control another user's devices. That's a massive flaw...I could even see they had 2 cameras installed. If I were using this for more than a lamp, that could be really serious. Saw reports from others with same issue. Wemo can't keep ignoring this issue.
My wemo light has been going for years without replacement, works great. App makes it handy.   My sister had problem with hers why I gave it 4 stars
Easy app, pretty straightforward! Love the multiple ways you can set schedules. It would be nice to have multiple schedules enabled for the same device though. That's really my only complaint. Happy with the WEMO switches so far!
Worked well till we had to upgrade our home wifi. Then spent most of the day going through resets, reinstalls of everything. Includes an hour with wemo chat.  To no avail.  What should be very easy to set up just doesn't work.  Very interesting that they get one or 5 stars.  I was a 5, but after a wasted day I am joining the ones!
Works fairly well... I've had a few instances where on/off signals never made it to the devices or was delayed by hours. Also, after firmware update one device took several days and reboots to show up in the app. However, wemo has been better than the other options I've tried.
The problems continue. Rules cannot be set, rules are not followed, app shows switch on/off when that's not the case. And I can continue with the problems. Belkin technicianf, you need to wake up and listen to your customers or better yet, test your products before dumping them on the market.
Works well, and has let me control my old in-window air conditioner remotely. My only criticism is that starting the app is rather slow, for trying to simulate a switch. I usually use the Google Assistant to turn the outlet on and off instead.
It is OK but sometimes disconnects on a switch so you have to restart the app or device the app is loaded on. Forget about, turning the switch on manually and then off with the app. It will show the switch grayed out. I wish it were more reliable. Today the outlet switch grayed out for no reason.
worked fine on initial setup. Then 2 years later i got a new router. Device simply wont reconnect. And repeated prompts for firmare upgrade that say successful, and later say failed. Frustrating and im done wasting time in the support and faq. No longer using wemo plug outlet for my Echo.
Took a while to figure out the quirks, app is leggy and crashes 40 percent of time. But it is not an app you need to use all that often. So I have made my peace.
Nothing but issues. Stuck in firmware update loop, and when I get out of that, the on and off button I the app either isn't there or doesn't do anything. Even right next to router.
Updated app and firmware and now cannot access from any network or than my home WiFi. No errors reported, just "not detected". Not a reliable product. Disappointed.
Very temperamental to hook up and keep hooked up to your router. I have a Netgear router to include ACN 5k, and signal strength in a 1800 Sq Ft. Home is not strong enough to run devices more than 35 ft from router.  Love the concept. Firmware updates seem to help but it's not perfect. If your modules will be close to router the system can work great. Good for disabled people who can't go to outlets or light switches. I would rate this product 4.5 stars if the modules stayed hooked up to router.
Wemo Link can be troublesome, however, once setup it works well most of the time. However, it doesn't allow disabled rules to be enabled. You have to delete the rule and recreate it to get it working again.
Was able to partially set up the unit but could not access it on the network, Belkin worked with me for over an hour but was unsuccessful in getting it to work as well. I decided not to waste any further time with it and return it to place of purchase. Dissapointed to say the least. This product does not live up to the belkin name.
So I've had wemo for nearly 4 yrs. I was one of the lucky  ones who never had issues..  Now I'm screwed  too.  The system is ok when it works but after every update the times seem to be 1hr off.  This happens every time.  What a bunch of clowns they expect us to reinstall the software every time . People have been reporting this issue for the past 4 yrs.  And today,  it doesn't even respond to any rules.  Will not trust wemo devices in the future.  Looking to use SmartThings now as a replacement. Update 12 May 2017. Wemo is still garbage. Get a new wifi system and see how much problems you will have
Right out of the box the outlets I bought  don't work.  Similar to most other reviews I never would have bought if I looked into the app before.  The app is very slow and the save button to save my wifi password doesn't work.  I push it and nothing happens. It should have 0 stars.
App is so-so. Switch is passable. lights and cam are just sad. Pain to set up, have to re setup if unplugged or any network changes made. Just a pain in general. As well as no or limited support on Alexa or home.
Worked for two weeks then had to restart my WeMo switch and now the app is stuck in a forever loop saying it cannot connect to my wifi. months later and this app and switch are both still broken
The app functions— for the most part. Once your device is set up, basic commands work fine. However, the app is painfully slow and the setup UI is is outdated and not very intuitive.
Latest android app seems better, however the latest firmware for my wemo devices causes them to frequently disconnect from WiFi &amp; reconnect. Wemo group cant seem to get all parts of the system working reliably together.
Slow updates that take forever, with continuous non stop requests for meaningless updates that dont do anything but break functionality. Updates cause devices have to constantly be reset. THe UI is garbage and has better functionally using IFTT or the google home app. Still worthless. Uninstalled and threw out the devices into the garbage.
Worst and worst... Since I connected a second device, my house looks like a Xmas tree as both devices go on and off randomly... Thinking of trashing everything and switching to Amazon devices. VERY disappointing.
When it works, it's great. Unfortunately, it seems to fail more often than it works. It has never once successfully installed a firmware upgrade, and I have to uninstall/ reinstall the app and unplug/plug back in the equipment every week or two.
Constant firmwarm updates that do nothing to fix the tempermental product, wifi connectivity issues etc. Needs a full overhaul. On the good side, IFTTT compatibility is great. The app is very average, setting up location and Sunrise/Sunset is so slow. Wemo's servers must be ancient...
Unreliable. Switches disconnect frequently and are not fixable from a distance, so what's the point? Going to replace them with KASA switches; never had a problem with those. These are junk.
I'm 50/50 on this app/product. The lightbulbs work great. As does the timer set up on bulbs and plug. However, the plug always seems to be undetected when I go to remotely control turning on and off. Very very frustrating.
Can't get it to connect insight switch to my wifi. Connects to other wifi but not mine. Buggy works on maker but not on insight, think it is caused by the insight switch but how can you tell, all the app says is check password. Can't check insight firmware, can't force a firmware reinstall. Not made for troubleshooting. Would not have bought if I knew how much trouble it would be. There is no windows support so it can't be run from a PC
The software and switches are fairly user hostile. Prior to the introduction of Smartthings I installed many WeMo light switches and power outlets. Network connections were never completely stable. Once I converted to Smartthings / Zwave / ZigBee network, the WeMo devices were clearly the weakest link in my home automation. I'm gradually replacing them. Also, Smartthings tech support is outstanding. WeMo is non-existent. So, it mostly works as advertised, but is completely obsolete, at least in my home.
I've preservered with this product for over a year. It has fundamental problems. The standalone socket works fine, but the Link and lamps are inherently unreliable. Not sure if it's down poor WiFi or interference. But the link and app rarely communicate. The link Nevers finds the lamps even when located close. I think it's down to poor programming and the underlying architecture.  Moving to another supplier after I take out my frustration by destroying the devices. An expensive mistake.
Love the idea, got the lights. Use them like an alarm clock to wake up early. The problem is that so often I go to use it and the link is "upgrading" so I can't turn it off​ to go to sleep, can't toggle it at all while it's upgrading.
This app is not for everyone, you need a certain level of knowledge regarding wifi and connecting your switches so it may seem cumbersome at the beginning. Once you go to the steps and have everything up and running is actually quite useful, especially if you have little ones turning on every single light switch there is and not turning them off.
When it works, it's great. Problem is it only lasts a short time and then you have reset everything, and it's difficult to set up. When your out of town and the plug-ins stop communicating with the app, it becomes useless. The light switch is the worst culprit. Don't even think about doing the updates that they insist on when your away from home where the plug-ins are, you will lose the ability to communicate with most of the plug-ins.  By the way,  all of my plug-ins are close to router communication. Too bad, I've had wemo plug-ins for a long time now, and it's never improved.
How can they sell any wemo device when the app is so bad? I can't even turn on my heater with it and it has only one function really. The app defeats the whole point of buying these devices. Do better !
The app does what it is supposed to do. Instructions could be better.  Had to disable cellular data for the setup to work using Google Pixel.  Connected to Nest and Google Assistant without issues.  App performance is mediocre in terms of feedback and responsiveness.  May update this review if performance improves
App drains battery in the background and my phone keeps alerting me of it. Also, the widget functionality is hit or miss. You press the button and it spins for a while before it either toggles or fails. Setup is pretty easy though, so that's good.
Love the device again. Due to Internet provider change could not get it set up. So if anyone has to go through that chatting with a live agent is great. The step for resetting the device is not mentioned anywhere.
It's cheesy and buggy like all of the rest of these home control Android apps. But, until they release a solid PC version that you can depend on, this is all you have to work with.
Installing was pretty straight foward. Once operated I was able to switch the lamp on however the icon on the app did not light up. So I went to switch off by pressing the icon again and it then lit up but did not turn off untill I pressed it again. Also when switching on and off via the app it would take around 10 seconds to switch on or off. Then I switched it on again but was unable to switch off because the device had disappeared from the app.....unit is a joke for for such a big company. I will be returning this to the store for a refund.
Can't connect to iftt or nest! Can't even type anything in the text input boxes. What a joke! After paying 70aud for the most basic product, this app should work!!
Unreliable!!! You'd be better off spending your money elsewhere. Sorry Belkin your products are usually of quality but this one has let you down.
Overall pretty good, does what I want it to do. I only use it with one light but it usually works well. Had a few problems with the light turning off and on randomly but that cleared up after uninstalling and starting over.
App does not work over cellular. Even when connected to Wi-Fi at home, I can only get it to work when in airplane mode. App is to buggy. Can't recommend.
WeMo works great,  the accompanying app works fine on its own or with Google Home / Assistant. The WeMo itself is just slightly too large, in my opinion, and too noisy. (Very noticeable on and off click)
I have 8 of the plug in wemos, and for the last 2 weeks only 2 show up on my app.  When I first bought these, they worked good, but now they are questionable at best.  I am thinking of scraping them all, and trying something different.  - Frustrated Wemo user
Intermittent problems with the product and this app. Highly dissatisfied. Easier to just get up and turn the lights on and off. Would not recommend WeMo products or this app. Both are just unreliable and unpredictable. Hey guy! Make your products user friendly. You shouldn't need a college degree in electronics to turn your lights on and off. That's your job!
The interface is not easy. Very complicated for a typical home user who wants simple operation. Whenever they have a "user forum" you know they have lots of problems and horrible customer service. Firmware updates are not smooth.
Now it just crashes when trying to launch all the time, useless.  The WEMO app's performance has improved but it is still too slow and unresponsive considering the premium price of these products. Even budget smart device products (such as MI Home) have better apps right now.
I would love to set the rules unfortunately the app sucks and is non-responsive. I'm also unable to add more WeMo devices unsuccessfully. Horrible!
Disappointing  This app needs to be rebuilt from the ground up. The UI has always sucked with white text on lime green and generally clunky, annoying functionality. Sunrise &amp; sunset times have never been correct and now you can't even correct them with a time offset, because the settings keep reverting back to the default (incorrect) times. Please fire the designers of this app and hire someone with skills.
The app works for setting up new devices and turning them on and off. I've been using the app for a few years now and rules stopped working for me a couple of years ago. I can't save any rules. They just dissappear. I'd like to be able to save long press rules but that has never worked. It's quite disappointing.
I've had the Wii moo plug Insight 167 for about a month it was working. you came out with this update, now the plug doesn't work and I cannot get through to your help Department
Not easy to set up / reset. Online it says 5 seconds to reset but after chatting with online support it's more like 30sec-1min.  Still haven't gotten it to sync with Alexa... That could be tough to. I just don't want to spend over an hour to turn on a light.
Ideotic... Seems every time the firmware is updated something breaks.  I just updated as requested and now I cannot enable my rules. And this is nothing new. They've had this same exact problem for YEARS... do a Google search as see for yourself... and they still update their product without addressing this problem.  Why bother with this BS? If they care so little about their products and customers, why should I care about them? Gotta be a better option.
On and off button on app doesn't show when light its on, so you can't turn it off remotely,, the rules work,auto on and off,,,always dealing with problems on it,, as well as loose WiFi connection,, buy the way I've had these for 4 years now been doing this since after the first upgrade,,many times I feel like,, smashing them..I have 2... Lucky I didn't buy more,,, just today as we write this I was in my bed,, and the wemo is in the living room and tried to turn it off but the icon on the app didn't show that the light was on, hit it anyways, the on/off living room wemo went blank,,,can go on with stories.. But gonna stop now,, reason for writing this, is that after i got out of bed to turn it off,,the rate me icon prompt ask to rate this,, so I did..
App does what it's supposed to but it slow as molasses! I'm on absolutely newest version of Android on a Nexus 6p. If it was faster I'd give it 5 stars. Speed is really the only issue with the app
I have 4 of these devices and I cannot recommend this product. I won't buy another one. Lots of issues but the main problem is half the time it won't detect my devices so I can't control them. Seems to work better on cellular than WIFI but I should not have to disconnect from WIFI to control them at home.
The app consistently cannot find the light switch and I cannot set up rules, my Google Home controls the switch just fine. I have occasional issues with the switch itself, but mostly it works fine, I have yet to have the app work. I won't return the switch because it works fine but I won't purchase another WeMo device until the app shows some maturity and consistency. Overall very disappointed in a product I really want to like.
I had an update for my device and it has been months and it is still "downloading." I updated the app, turned the app on and off, cut power to the device for over 2 hours and it is still downloading. Now it is a really expensive light switch with no remote access
App is so-so. Switch is passable. lights and cam are just sad. Pain to set up, have to re setup if unplugged or any network changes made. Just a pain in general. As well as no or limited support on Alexa or home.
I'd like to start out by saying I thought this was one of the best products I have used. Then they ran behind on their updates and worse more the ones that they did release we're broken patchy and incomplete. Both on the firmware side and on the software app side. This is the first time in several years I have written a review on a product. Stay far far away. If you think the products sucks try their support . not a g-ddamn idea how any of this stuff works
Heard great stuff. Must have been a bad device.. Or app. Setting up the network,the app kept switching to cell data. Switched off my mobile data and was able to enter my network info. Now I can't see the device in in wifi network list. And also the network the switch gives off. Really pissed about the app trying to connect with cellular.
Pure garbage. For everybody rating at five stars give it some time and you will drop to one. I liked it at first too but it turned into complete garbage. Never works. Have to uninstall then reinstall the app and several plugs and switches all the time completely unreliable. Customer service is a joke. Avoid WeMo. There are way better products out there
WeMo products are awesome, the app not so much. Slow, buggy &amp; oftentimes unresponsive. I needed to find  the mac or IP addresses, but it freezes every time I try to get to that screen.
Horrible laggy experience. Regardless of on WiFi or Cellular and with all devices within feet of the hub it cannot reliable detect or control devices. Wish I went with a different company to build my home remote lighting.
The directions are misleading. If your smart switch is off, move along. I got caught up with the warning splash screen popping up leading me to believe I was missing something or the app was jacked. Right before I walked back into the store to return it I gave it onesy shot, told the splash screen Not Now, and plowed my way through it.  Now that it's working it's great but for the love of Pete!  The app should be smart enough to detect if the setting is in conflict before it splashes that warning screen.
Simple app, never works over cellular though. Handy when home but it definitely drains my battery all the time. Every time I look at app usage this is the top user. Unusually if not fixed promptly.
For a service that basically relies on its app you would think it would be stable.  Force closes more often than not, wont actuate a switch more than half the time it does load, glad I got gifted the device so now I know not to buy in further with this garbage.  GPlay really should have a zero star option
Devices keep losing WiFi connectivity, and it takes hours to get them back online. Garbage hardware, garbage software.  Huge waste of money
App hangs up. Slow to respond when updating and just plain sucks on Android. On Apple products the app works well, updates and installs easy. A whole different world.
It constantly fails to find the device. At first I thought it was the device itself, but I've recently connected the Amazon Echo and the Echo never fails to find the device. So the problem is this app.
I could not ever get this thing to work.  I thought I bought a bad one so I got another but no dice.  Still couldn't get it to set up.  Must have reset the thing 10 times trying different things.  Bought a competing device for half the price.  Works great, first try.  Spent hours on this with no luck whatsoever.
Creating schedules is clunky. Updates fail. Re-enabling a deactivated rule doesn't work requiring the rule to be deleted and re-added. Frustrating app, could be a lot better.
I've had several WEMO products for a few years now, the service has improved over time, I've increased my rating to three stars from two stars. I recently had to deauthorize Nest and reauthorize it to get it to work correctly after the most recent App update for WEMO. Rate this also keeps popping up all the time now so that sucks.
Awful in my experience.  I have Nest, Hue, Smartthings, Harmony, Netatmo etc and use IFTTT a lot.  Wemo plug is the only one that always causes problems.  Drops connection, never saves settings, range sucks, app forever freezing or failing when trying to reset up for the 100th time.  Painful experience and definitely not home automation when you spend more time fixing it than using it.  So disappointed with it, it will more than likely find its way into the trash.
Kinda lags sometimes and interferes with another plugged-in device in the same outlet. Otherwise super convenient and I maybe use it occasionally to mess with friends. Spooky...
Doesn't work. Worked for a couple of months, not none of mybswitched will show up in the app or work with the Alexa. It's upsetting considering the price of the switches
Bloated 30MB. Slow and unresponsive. Devices frequently disappear for no reason. Love the device, the app is a joke. Has to look for devices every. Single. Time you open it
The electrical is easy but the IT side is no fun at all.  Not being able to control devices in different homes is just useless.  If only as easy as adding things like Nest.  Suddenly there is no control over cellular.  Was all working fine and now I can only control via wifi pr my echo.  I'm tired of bad home automation tech.
Works well. A little slow at connecting to WiFi sometimes, and the setup for my air Purifier took many attempts before it registered my device/would connect to it. Since then though, is been great.
Finally got it to work after the 50th time, managed to get it to be linked with Google assistant after pairing and unpairing and resetting. Got Google home to turn the light on, worked, great! The, experimented with turning it off via the app through the cloud not on the home network, turned off, great. Tried to turn it back on... option greyed out and offline. I guess I should've read the reviews of similar problems before purchasing 7 of these time wasters.
The switches drop out and it takes forever to reconnect. I have 3 that I still haven't been able to reconnect.  Very unhappy with these.
Bought this new yesterday and have spent the best part of the day trying to connect the Bionaire Air Purifier to the wifi. Keeps saying to re input the password which I know works as other devices are in it.
There are regular device drop outs, requiring resets and reconnect. App regularly requires force quit and restart to see devices
Sometimes the app will not connect to my insight switch. The switch itself has NEVER connected properly. The wifi light has always flashed. Even when it's next to my router. I can usually control it with the app, but the switch has never functioned properly
App and hardware are erratic. Often takes several attempts to make setup connections. Digital products should work the same way every time not now and then.
Switches work well, lights are intermittent and lights not integrated with Alexa which is a real pain. Also no light switches in the UK is disappointing.
Setup was not smooth.  Several lockups and app/phone restarts. It worked because I persevered, others would have found it frustrating.
The Rules portion of app needs a serious overhaul. Not very user friendly for programming a pattern. Should make it just like default alarm clock on most Androids. K.I.S.S.
Good luck if your Wi-Fi is reset. The devices go offline and it's a pain to reconnect them
After trying the insignia version of this app and product I was severely disappointed but the wemo actually gives me the responsiveness and speed I expect from this type of device. It's been perfect ever since we switched over. Highly recommended.
Works great except to disable and re-enable rules need to be completed by cellular. Note if wireless drop replace device. I had one give me this problem and after several tests found it was a faulty device. Would definitely recommend and thinking of purchasing switch for outdoor lights.
Quick and easy to set up. Works smoothly. I haven't had any problems updating the firmware. I would like to be able to see what rules are in play for the item instead of only being able to see it under the rules tab.
Could never get it to connect. I'm a software developer, so these things are not difficult for me. This refused to work. Going back
IOS notifications works great, my two makers are flawless. BUT,, my S7 running 7.0 is completely different, not reliable and intermittent.    4/30 update.. I have completely lost confidence  in the Maker sensor notification on my S7.  Abandoning the two inputs I have wired for a generator run and proximity beam alert. Will now invest in smart things sensors, After the same amount of testing time they prove to be 100% more reliable than this notification system.
My app updated and now it will not work.  What exactly is the point of having this if I can't control my crock pot away from home?  That was the whole purpose for purchasing.
Firmware updates from app usually fail.  Currently nonfunctional from tablet after a failed update although Echo still works.  If I get it going again I will never attempt to update firmware.
The app is super laggy and slow, making it a pain to use.  They need to invest development time into improving the speed and smoothness of the interface.  The widget buttons should be able to flip the switch in ~1 second, but it takes closer to five.
If I weren't lucky enough to have an iPhone from work I would have never been able to setup switches. This android app doesn't work.  Can't even control switches remote. BELKIN NEEDS TO FIX THIS!!!
Update 3, April 2017. 3 years on, the app is pretty great now! ************************************ Update 2: This app doesn't seem to work on phones with an Intel processor. I didn't think it could get worse but it did. I want to give it zero stars. This is embarrassing, Belkin, come on. ******************************                                Update, 13 months later (!!!). This app has not changed. I am extremely disappointed.     *******************************               Original review: This app needs work. Rules never load, the setup process is hit or miss, and there are no widgets.
works great easy to install both the plugs and the switches. the video is as simple as it looks, if you have a weird wiring set up ask a friend who knows electrical or professional. but if the wiring looks the same follow the steps and its that easy. works great with alexa and google home, but works better with alexa. setting rules are simple a little confusing at first but once you set one its easy after that. and when you dont have wifi its as easy as before to push a button. setting up with the app is simple the most easy one on the market others have you set up a user name and password this one doesnt which is great for people who hate setting up or giving alot of info like. over all great products am slowly switching everything i can and every room i can, great thing too is if you dont have a plug or a switch you can get a hub and 2 light bulbs for 50$ to start with and is a great way to connect closets or hard to reach fan or light fixtures...
What a pain to set up on Google Pixel. Belkin offers no good help files for the mini plug.   A different manufacturer, TP-LINK installed very quickly with no heart burn.   Belkin needs to get their act together.
The directions are misleading. If your smart switch is off, move along. I got caught up with the warning splash screen popping up leading me to believe I was missing something or the app was jacked. Right before I walked back into the store to return it I gave it onesy shot, told the splash screen Not Now, and plowed my way through it.  Now that it's working it's great but for the love of Pete!  The app should be smart enough to detect if the setting is in conflict before it splashes that warning screen.
Very poor app. Slow, non-responsive. Read the reviews before buying. Regretfully, this product is not ready for prime time. I hope they come out with a wholly new app that is actually intuitive and functional.
This thing is so buggy! I love the idea but the execution is garbage. Right now I can turn my device on and off, but I cannot enable or modify my rules. Amature product.
Works great! Excellent product for the price. Some updates have sucked but fix themselves with the next update. Belkin is very very close to making this product perfect. Your average, not so smart, consumer will have a hard time with setup. Mostly user error. I have 10 devices overall.
Don't restart after an electrical supply interruption. So after a electrical supply interruption you need to open the app and turning on again. Also don't show the historical power consumption, you only can see the actual, estimated  and average  ( you can't see the daily, weekly or monthly  history power consumption).
Timer function no longer works. Which is the sole reason I bought this. Worked fine until recently. Starting to understand the frustration of all the other reviewers. Can't recommend any product that requires this app.
this app has come a long way, but still had some ways to go. Widget functionality is not reliable, the app can be slow at times
Nice, when it works. Problems a couple times a month. Updates all the time, doesn't work while updates going. Randomly​ unable to connect to lights or switches.
The app is an absolute joke. So bad. Needs to update around once a day and takes hours to download the smallest amount of data. Honestly，get it together WeMo - considering how much these bloody things cost per unit your customers deserve better.
Buggy, not at all intuitive. Woefully bad app and support page. Really much much easier to drive home and turn your switch on.
My only suggestion is to provide the option to protect from accidentally turning a device on or off by bumping the button within the app. Perhaps provide the option with each WeMo device to hold down the power off button for 5 seconds before power is actually cut. This would make the Insight safer to use as a power monitoring device only. Other than that, it's a simple app. Does what it says, had no problems with it in 3 years.
I've had several WEMO products for a few years now, the service has improved over time, I've increased my rating to three stars from two stars. I recently had to deauthorize Nest and reauthorize it to get it to work correctly after the most recent App update for WEMO. Rate this also keeps popping up all the time now so that sucks.
Why do I have to reset my devices to factory default settings any time I jump on another network with different devices?! This is absurd.
Never any issues, works fabulous. Only time when it becomes difficult is when you install a new router. User interface can be much more appealing, but it does the job well.
App for Android is very sluggish to load any of its menu options. Stuck on a loading screen. Seems to work better on iOS.
Rubbish. Battled with it for a couple of years just for one light bulb I can rarely control. Painful to install. Usually unable to update itself successfully. At this latest cycle of having to to reinstall it can no longer find the device. No longer usable. Do not purchase.
Fragile app, probably expecting fixed/stable conditions. Works fine but with significant delays on my fast nexus 6p. The app is often getting stuck when switching between cellular and wifi connectivity, and then the only way to recover is closing it and removing it manually from the active tasks
Shockingly bad. App unreliable, firmware updates break functionality. Don't get rule notifications any more.
The switches drop out and it takes forever to reconnect. I have 3 that I still haven't been able to reconnect.  Very unhappy with these.
Every time there's an update it has to be rest. Resetting instructions are horrible. Click on settings, click on WiFi, click on wemo, go to app, the app goes to basic set up instructions and leaves you hanging as to what to do next. I feel like I'm on a wheel just going round and round and not advancing to the real setup. Just doesn't work. I've called text Support over a dozen times. Poor product!
Still garbage. Do not buy. Devices need to be setup again every time they are unplugged or if there is a power failure. They connect only once to the router when you set them up, if they ever get disconnected they will not reconnect until you reset and reprogram them.
b"I give this app 2 stars only because I was eventually able to setup my insights switch after perilously trying. The app is too complex with too many steps to achieve the simple objective of setup. The app is slow and hung frequently. The UX is primitive. I had to struggle for a while to figure out the scheduling feature ?? Trying to setup my second insight switch was a nightmare. Expected more from Belkin. What are you guys waiting for? Don't the ratings and reviews indicate it's time to overhaul this mess?"
Inconsistent connection with Wemo Insight.  Sometimes it works, most times it doesn't.  Installed lastest firmware but no luck.  Returning hardware and uninstalling this app.
Misleading products… doesn't allows remote control over cellular network… if this isn't IFTTT supported I would go for others brands…
It works well when it works. I have had some connectivity issues at times. One of my switches says it's updating in the app but I can control it with Alexa. Still needs work but not bad.
Mediocre, like all smart home products.  Adding new devices is a pain.  Once they're added, it works great, except when it doesn't.
The insight switch offers absolutely no insight. Bought to use with a heater and it only shows dollar figures (mystery figures) while it's running but the monthly estimation is cleared once it is turned off.
It works well when it stays connected. It's constantly being disconnected and I'll constantly having to reboot it. The wemo device that is.
Would never stay connected to wifi. Rebooted several times. Completely worthless. Wish I'd never bought the stupid Crock-Pot.
Works perfectly ALMOST all the time.   We have it linked with Amazon  Echo and it works pretty good with that as well.  It's perfect for creating a "lived in look" while we are away plus it's perfect for turning on key lights when I come home from work at midnight so I don't have to come into a dark house and my wife doesn't have to waste energy by leaving lights on for me.
Half baked and not intuitive. Clearly some tech head has developed this app who has made assumptions. If should have gone through user testing before release, particularly  cognitive testing.
Simply not enough information on how to set up this app with an s7. Seems outdated for newer phones
Still wont re-enable saved rules over wifi,  no confirmation that rule changes are actually uploaded to device, and initial setup is a pain. Do yourself a favor and buy another product.
It works as stated. I have used it for about 2 weeks now and it has been flawless. As far as setting it up initially, that went off without a problem. I will be purchasing more.
Setup is very complicated, app won't save my schedules &amp; is confusing. Can only see &amp; control my switch when on WiFi @ home; never on mobile. Horrible support website.
Ok. Good idea. But most of the time I can't access my light because it is upgrading? Upgrading What? On or off? Very annoying.
Shouldn't have to disable 'always scanning' on android to use. Couldnt follow instructions to do so.  Setting rules for specific lights etc is not so easy.  Could be a lot more straightforward.
The hardware/features might be great but the app is worthless. Nothing works as intended and the app needs to be restarted every 2 to 3 actions. It makes it impossible to properly set up any rule... Definitely switching to another brand
Completely stopped working after last update. Total garbage. Called customer service. No help and couldn't speak clearly. Will never buy again
Thank you for fixing the firmware problem with reconnecting after power loss. Scheduled off is not working for me at the moment. But good I can reliably check and turn off remotely now anyway.
Last update has ruined it, it won't stay connected. Nothing has changed on my end. Has become very poor product
Not reliable, the timer is not dependable.  It is on a rock solid network with over a dozen smart home devices,  no other devices experience this problem. App has been tried on multiple devices with same poor results.
The app itself, works fine, although it is slow as Christmas. The widgets are terrible. The response time is so bad (whenever they do work), it's actually faster to wait for the app to open.
Work flawless on Samsung s5 and s7. I have the new LG G6 and the app or devices don't not work.  Shows devices found but does not turn off lights.  If it didnt work so well with my other 2 devices this review would be a 1 star
Loved it at first then fell victim to the same connectivity issues as everyone else.  Nice concept but unreliable.  Good as 'toy' to play with but do not count on these devices in situations where dependability is a necessity.
Good product app is horrible.  Entirely too much lag time to navigate through app...frequently locks up...again good product overall...app is garbage.  Philips Hue has better app functionality but lacks multiple user interface which WEMO has.  If the two would merge then would be unstoppable
Some many firmware updates...and then it stops working.  Now remote access doesn't work.
Works well once set up.  Some times the acquisition of device on network is problematic.  Once hooked up though it's great.
The app has worked for me. . None of the components have failed and I'm a happy camper. I've got my fish tank pumps on devices and it works great to call out to Alexa to turn them off. Or on when I want to do some feeding or tank cleaning
App is incredibly slow and had to be restarted multiple times due to it crashing when trying to simply configure one wemo insight. Once configuration was done it did work as expected but I just hope I don't need to modify /update any settings again.
The app is an absolute joke. So bad. Needs to update around once a day and takes hours to download the smallest amount of data. Honestly，get it together WeMo - considering how much these bloody things cost per unit your customers deserve better.
Device is awesome. I use it to turn my bedroom light off when I go to bed. But every three days there is a firmware update that disconnects my light. Really wemo. A firmware update every week. Sometimes more. It's a blue tooth light switch.
The light and app will not sync up.  The light will be on, but does not show it on the app.  Deleted and then re installed the app. Originally worked fine, a year or so  ago. Maybe the updates aren't so great
A little clunky.  But once I figured out the process behind the setup, this app is a breeze.  And once configured, works like a charm.  Firmware updates are very user friendly
Really user unfriendly and most of the time it doesn't recognise lights, doesn't perform updates (or updates break stuff). It's also really slow. There are more expensive but better and less stress causing alternatives.
Complete trash and a waste of money. 4 devices are now worthless after a firmware update. No matter how many times I successfully pair them, they do not show up on the list of devices in the app. EVERY single firmware update has been a problem ever since I have had these devices. Replacing all with TPLink devices.
Works great for turning off a 3d printer. Just wish it would have a prompt before clicking the power button in app. Easy to click wrong one by accident....
It worked great until I changed my Wi-Fi password.  Now it won't even recognize the device to set it up again
Works after getting all the units synced. A little slow at time but easy to program your schedule. The dev kit helps get around the apps issues.
Big problem when WiFi goes out or change....7 hours to connect 2 plus for lights... Wall switch can not connect , last time connect quickly like it was automatic , Phil lip both times connected fast.
One of the most horrible user experience I have ever encountered. The big problem is not how the App looks rather the logical inconsistencies and flakiness of it. Setting up a device is slow, tedious and requires too much fidling around, can't even imagine how less technical people cope with it.
Hard to make sense of how scheduling is supposed to work. More complicated than it should be
Wasted hours on setup. Did get it working on one Samsung. Would not recommend this product.
I hoped to like this app, but as of now there are too many annoyances. The biggest one is that, for my wemo light bulbs, the dimmer slider appears 1/10 times at random when using the app; The rest of the time I have to use IFTTT to sett the brightness of my bulb. Secondly, the app uses too much time when loading, this is because the app for some reason has to load every wemo device every time you go to the main screen. I wouldn't complain about this if it weren't for the fact that using the widgets does not have this delay, which means that the app shouldn't either. I would love if you could fix these problems as I really want to like Wemo, but at this moment I'm a bit disappointed.
Nexus 6P user here. Disabled data and it wouldn't let me save the WiFi password. Terrible product. Buy tp-link instead, simple and straightforward.
It used to be glitchy but I haven't been able to see devices since Monday when I had to restart my router.  I'm connected to wemo network and my internal network.  I've tried reinstalling app and setting up the plugs again but no joy. Belkin offices which are only in the US are "open from 9 to 5 and closed for the day".  Support is charged at 5p a minute, I've been trying to get support for the last hour.  UK office is no help whatsoever.  Website does not even list the problem I'm having  They deserve to go out of business
Total junk. Hard to setup. Unreliable. Looking for a more reliable replacement. Regret buying the 3 units of stupid plug.
Just want to update my review and say that this app is still bad and does not work well. To add to the commonly used phrases - poor design and hit or miss usage. The firmware needs to be updated literally every day, and I don't mean that in the hyperbolic sense.   I mean every day I open the app and it prompts me to download the latest firmware, rendering the app unusable for an hour or more. I use a VPN and sometimes the bulbs are recognized and sometimes they aren't, which means I need to turn off the VPN, open the app and turn on my lights, and then turn on my VPN again. I implore you to buy any other brand of smart bulb or switch instead of this very mediocre technology. I took the cheap route and I regret it.  I own 7 bulbs, a wemo link, an insight and a switch. It took 4 support people and over 5 hours of talk time to get the products working properly. I was expecting the seamless setup of other home automation devices I have and this was definitely not seamless.  There is a security glitch in that about once a week I can see my neighbors wemo devices.  Terrible app. Really terrible.
Slow clunky and full of bugs, linked services work only sporadically and the app seems to spend more time updating its own firmware than actually operating my appliances. Personally if I was going to charge $100 for a couple of lightbulbs I would care enough about the customer experience to make sure my app worked but that's just me I guess.
Good App. Switches can be tricky. Some fall off network and fail firmware updates. Like children they need special attention sometimes.
Aweful and slow app. Made me so pissed. You know the company is terrible if they cant get the initial experience of setting up a new device, halfway pleasant.
(phone: stock nexus 5x) Slow, buggy, garbage app. Setting up 3 smart plugs took 35 minutes. Had to keep force-closing app and restarting it throughout every step of trying to connect wemo mini smart plugs. App wanted to perform firmware updates but then had no notification at all to indicate update was complete, instead app remained on firmware update screen with spinning circle forever. No options to sync multiple plugs. App is lacking features and options. App runs very slowly. Would never recommend to anyone.
App is terrible and switches are unreliable. Levitron, Lutein, and TP Link are all better by far.
Buggy setup and functionality. Never seems to work consistently and there is no way to use a different app to control the switches. Disappointing.
App simply is not reliable. I constantly have to reboot the system. It DOES recognize the Nest every time, but not the WEMO connected devices. Makes it almost useless when not at home.
Still wont re-enable saved rules over wifi,  no confirmation that rule changes are actually uploaded to device, and initial setup is a pain. Do yourself a favor and buy another product.
This app is puss. Thank God I have access to iOS as the developers for Android have no idea what they are doing. Firmware updates hang, remote access can't be set up and IFTTT pin code can never be generated. Do not buy and do not download
Solved a problem enabling me to turn on outside lights from anywhere, before coming home. Works brilliantly!!! I've told many about this great app &amp; device. Thank you.
Great idea but programming is way more complicated than it needs to be. Not intuitive when trying to program. Could use simple commands such as accept or change.
This app does not work with any pixel or Nexus phone. In the forums myself and several other people with the same issue were instructed to use a different device. Not helpful for something that is supposed to be easy to use.
Great product which seems to be getting better all the time. Rules assignment to devices a bit confusing at first and requires practice to get them set up.
WEMO stuff sucks. Always problems with new firmware updates. Use Z-wave stuff. Way more reliable. I don't want to waste any more time discussing this.
I'm on the big miss side. I can't get it to set up. Hate trying again and again.
Am 100 miles away and have a new phone. Yet there is no login to Belkin. So from what I understand, I have to do a 200 mile round trip to register this phone on the Wemo Switch simply to regain control of Switch? Rediculous! Why can't users simply login to a cloud account &amp; have everything sync up? Appalling software design. Happy for my company to rewrite it using our Pi technology. Further,  the user interface is a nightmare &amp; unintuitive. UPDATE - July 4 2015: Firmware update bricked the switch! Useless! UPDATE - April 14 2017: Major upgrade to app and switch firmware has massively improved the UX and reliability. Still needs a secure cloud based iOT manager tho unless one exists now, so one can swap phones and have all settings move over in a jiffy. :)
Impossible to setup. I've setup eero networks and multiple nests. I can't even get through the setup on one of my plugs. I managed to set up two others and they are never recognized as active on the AP
Work flawless on Samsung s5 and s7. I have the new LG G6 and the app or devices don't not work.  Shows devices found but does not turn off lights.  If it didnt work so well with my other 2 devices this review would be a 1 star
Update: Next day *after* updating FW fron iPhone, Android says New FW available, though switches already have 10966!  Version 1.17.1 now version 1.18 AND still won't notify about a Firmware update.  JUST FIX THIS BUG PLEASE.  HOW MANY VERSIONS DO I NEED TO WAIT FOR FIRMWARE NOTIFICATIONS ON ANDROID only iOS does. Still broken how can I force the update on Android?   Still stuck at 2.00.10885.  PLEASE FIX IT. Tried to test the new long press rule... and it wiped out all my existing rules!  Not cool Belkin.  Android app never notified me of FW 10885 so had to use wife's iPhone.  Not cool.  Demoted 2 stars until both bugs are solved.
Don't buy more than one or two devices. It's great for those, but add more and then every firmware rollout, you are going to have failures. The maintenance of a single failed switch is going to cost you half a day at best, but perhaps a week or two.  And then... another failure is going to happen again next update. But at least you'll have practice this time   The future isn't here yet. Wait a little longer before investing in these.
The rules rarely work and are unreliable. When they work they are always 15-30 mins after the scheduled time.
Some many firmware updates...and then it stops working.  Now remote access doesn't work.
Switch is a pain to set up with its wifi network not being detected then losing connection, and the app is even worse. It's the only app on my phone where I have to tap 30 times to get from 3:15 to 3:45. Why, in 2017, can this app still not scroll through numbers?! Takes a lot of taps to edit rules, and the app is slow to respond to taps. Belkin/wemo was a good option when there weren't many smart switches to pick from, but I definitely won't be getting another wemo switch again.
Once a device is configured it works fabulously and Google Assistant and IFTT integration are superb.  Setup though is as slick as sandpaper with long waits where you don't know if it's doing something or it's just hung. The wonderfully short instructions in the packaging suggests that the setup process is so intuitive it doesn't need instructions. It isn't.  I had to Google instructions on a different device to see what I should be doing on the other device and I'm in the IT industry, so not exactly inept with technology. Was disappointed to find the UK switches are without the power monitoring function though as that would be useful. I'll buy more though now I have the hang of it and I like that one doesn't need a hub
Long time user and frustrated with it again. Updates are creating issues. Can't consistently discover or operate lights through app. Works most of the time through Alexa though.
Timers and rules occasionally work.  Lousy software.   Stuck with investment in products though.   Really pissed off
The Wemo system is OK, just far too slow. By the time I've opened the app waited for it to connect and tapped numerous times to get the light to turn on, I'm standing next to the light switch. The toggle nature of the "buttons" means you don't always know if you are turning the system on or off. Combine that with cloud outages and its tough to recommend
Good lord.  Breaks, disconnects, always an upgrade to download that doesn't fix squat.  Go somewhere else for smart home.
You can manually turn the light on and off,  use the Wemo app on your smart phone to turn the light on/off or set rules such as turn on at sunset,  off at midnite.  It knows by your location what time sunrise and sunset occur and adjusts the time accordingly.  There are hundreds of other conditional rules to control the light on the IFFT website (if this then do that to the light). Check it out.
Difficult setup. Paging away from the app to review documentation or alter phone settings, as recommended by the app, causes it to restart. I have so far been​ unable to associate it with Alexa. You get two or three chances to free-text-enter your network's SSID and your device's MAC address after which you're locked out for ten minutes. UA text says to get this from the hardware info in the app, but that page won't load.  I'm on my fifth attempt. The UI provides me with no clue why it is failing. This isn't the app's native UI, but it is part of an ecosystem that is required to function inorder to get utility out of my connected device and it just isn't working.
Love the product, but the application is not a finished product. Full of bugs. Especially the widget is bad - a function that should be perfect, quick access to on/off, but it simply doesn't work.
Just wasted 2 hours figuring out why my maker that has worked flawlessly untill now stopped working 5 days ago.. Resetting the maker, my router, etc. Now i see, the app was updated 5 days ago.. Doubting this is a coincidence.. This is some serious bs belkin. Get you act together
impossible to get all settings and configs correct so the app would work. Restarted app and device like 20 times. I think the firmware is giving me problems... switching to lutron
Hard to make sense of how scheduling is supposed to work. More complicated than it should be
Decent hardware.  Terrible reliability, particularly with their own app.  More reliable through IFTTT.  Fire the software team and start over and you might be onto a good product
Works Great, worth the few minutes it takes to set up, only problem was it kept saying it wasn't connecting to my modem, when in reality it was connected! I just opened the app, went to  set it up, and it quit blinking..
Extremely slow and often unresponsive. Does not communicate well with WeMo insight switch.
The devices work great, but the app drains my battery like crazy. Very frustrating!
Firmware updated fail to install. Setting up rules is too complicated. Had to reinstall everything but the switch didn't respond. In this day and age I don't want to put up with something that buggy anymore. I will not use it anymore in the future.
Absolutely awful. Product responsiveness and app design are just dreadful. Spend a bit more money on a competing product that works better instead.
Still a buggy app/system. New phone with app installed can't see all my lights?! Old phone sees them fine and can control..
Although the new app works on my Samsung phone It is no go on this Acer Tablet Now no device names on the Samsung. Since 1.14 none of my 3 android device work correctly. All I have left working I'd a IPad IOS9
The device is good but the app is completely unreliable.  The app failed to save device name and often could not find device. I switched to muzzley app and it works flawlessly.
Lights work. But wont let me conect to google home or ifttt. Bit useless.
Setup was awful, and device constantly looses wifi signal in a location where my TP-Link never once let me down. Thought I would try the cheaper competition, but wish I never had. Sticking with TP-Link from now on using the Kasa app
This should be easy to set-up, it isn't, the app tries to constantly upgrade itself but seems to hang, this appears to cause problems with devices syncing to the controller - which seems to be an unnecessary addition, why have wifi AND a seperate controller?? Would I buy anymore or again?? No something better can't be to far away.
I tried so hard to like the app, but it simply doesn't work like it should.  Preferences are forgotten, device names add zeroes to the title, a switch always seems to be installing and never quite does.  I've even tried it on my iPad - same issues.
Its working well no problems here. Gets better with every update. Can use it while away. Don't know why people are having issues.
The app is easy to set up and easy to use, I just wish it would let me start my cooking with a timer rather than immediately. I know it's a safety feature but I don't need training wheels on my appliances. At the very least give me a warning and let me disable the immediate start.
Great product which seems to be getting better all the time. Rules assignment to devices a bit confusing at first and requires practice to get them set up.
Bought two smart plugs one fails constantly the other doesn't even start to work. Waste of money and time. Do not buy.
This app was very poorly built, it takes 15 seconds to open the app, wait for it to load and navigate to the on/off switch for the lights. LITERALLY 15 SECONDS! Nothing is intuitive. It's cumbersome slow and constantly asking me to update firmware, even though I JUST did it 5 seconds ago. I tell all my friends to stay away from Bellingham and go with the Phillips Hue system.
The setup is a bit clumsy but once connected and going it's excellent being able to turn your devices on/off anywhere you have an internet connection. Easy to use.
still completely unreliable app and system. I'd replace it, but haven't seen anything that would justify the cost of complete overhaul of my devices. so, I suffer on...
Easy to set up.  Upgrades fail periodically.  Devices stop working occasionally but, usually fix themselves through an upgrade.
The app is horribly optimized, and uses as more battery power in the background than chrome browser does of me actively using the browser throughout the day. Not the mention it force closed due to bugs on its own, and often loses the current state of the switches.
Great idea, mediocre execution. Been waiting 24 hours to complete a firmware update. One of my bulbs keeps going back and forth between working and updating. I've reset everything, to no avail. The hub is right next to my router, and so are the bulbs. Poor software/hardware execution so far.
So damn hard to pair with new modem. Still not done. Better off buying Philips or Lifx
God Almighty this app!! If it's not one thing it's another! Now the app won't update! aaarrggghhh...... useless!
Absolutely trash of an app. Product is good.  App is incredibly slow, contains few useful features, and is so slow it breaks itself. Tab out for a moment, that's a restart for you!
The thing always needs to be reset and re-paired. It doesn't work most of the time. Lightbulbs are expensive just to be able to use them as regular bulbs.  I can't use them as they were intended. Most of the time it is difficult to reconnect! Irritating! A lot of $ for little results.
the device and app work great.  connecting to ifttt to integrate with google home (or other applicable devise) is not very intuitive.  havent completely figure this part out yet.
Won't sync more than 1 Netcam. Had to establish 2 separate accounts for each camera and log in and out of each one. Sucks. Don't recommend.
I have used many home automation switches and the setup for WEMO is unreliable and can be frustrating. I would get something different if I were you.
The app sucks!  What a pain to program away scedule.  Easier to pay someone to turn the lights on and off for you.
Great hardware, but the app is truly awful. I dread switching networks or having to add a new switch or bulb. It can take hours of messing around. It fails to connect to switches during set up, then randomly fails to recognise devices. Updates haven't fixed the fundamental issues. I've spent almost an hour trying to get it to recognise a single switch; and now it can't see any of the bulbs. Once you have the painful setup process complete, search for a different app to control all your WeMo devices. They seem to work fine, so I've no idea why this one continues to be so utterly useless.
The app needs major improvements. UPDATE! App doesn't work anymore. This company should refund this purchase and focus on something other than phone applications, since they're not very good at it.
More considered view after using for months. Generally decent product, sometimes glitchy and requires resetting, app still slow on android vs iOS. Works well with Alexa.
-Part 1: Wemo link will not find any of the devices! I did the reset on all the products one by one, still no response!I'm good at tech stuff, and this is useless including costumer support!                                  -Part 2: Check your Firmware Version. NEW UPDATE 2.00.8686 will fix the "no device detected" issue. Still feel strong about previous version should've never been aloud to be released! With latest updates, even on WiFi it's sluggish most of the time. It takes around 30 seconds too open app, locate devices and to be ready for function. On 4GLTE some devices are still "not detected"
It use to work great, but it wanted me to upgrade the firmware, it won't upgrade, now it won't work my TV I used it through my amazon tap but now it won't, I don't understand what happened, VERY UPSET
Android app is garbage. Nothing loads. Poor connection to the device. Apple phone with app works fine. Please update and fix bugs.
Slow.  Crashes constantly.  Still better than the hardware i suppose
When Light-switch works, it's great! When it doesn't, it sucks, &amp; there is no easy solution. (Outlet timer is awesome)
Most the time the app doesnt see the switches I know they are onlne because Alexa will control them however the app always messes up
b"Update!: I honestly love this product. Especially with my Google Home\xe2\x84\xa2, but ever since I switched internet providers, I have had the worst problems connecting it back up. I've got a smart home and tons of devices, including the Belkin HD Cam (That's wasn't fun setting back up either, but at least it worked after a couple tries) There was a new firmware update for the WeMo and that may have lead to some of my issues, but Idk. I think if these firmware updates are as important as they claim, maybe Belkin should push notifications about them. I rarely use the app, because I just tell Google Home\xe2\x84\xa2 to do everything. Although now that I have it up and working with my new IP, I'm happy I have it ??"
Works ok.  Wish the widgets would be more responsive.  They show a light is on, even though it has been turned off.  Other wise a good app.
Initially I loved it. Despite their assistance the switch never again connected with the network and now one of the wemo link lamps quit pairing. I'll switch brands for sure
Been over a year and it's has been very reliable.  Setup was a bit tricky but not overly complicated...any do-it-yourself person can install it.
Works fairly well. At times devices can't be found. Unreliable from areas outside home WIFI....but works almost flawlessly when operated within home network.
Super glitchy device. Widget app doesn't work reliably. Most of the time have to manually turn on the outlet.
We have had four insight switches for about four weeks, they function okay but for the life of me I can not achieve usable monthly cost data, it always shows just a few cents? I added four light bulbs &amp; the wemo link a few days back &amp; these worked fine for a day. Then it all went pear shaped. Belkin tech support were great but difficult to contact (Pacific time) being 16 hours behind Australia &amp; over 40 minutes on hold to get to a person.Some issues have been fixed but the inability to set schedules still persists. You can set an on time but not an off time. If you have issues uninstall the Wemo app &amp; then reinstall it as this can resolve old data issues. We still have unresolved issues but these hopefully can ultimately be fixed so here's hoping. Web access is very fast &amp; reliable so thats a plus.
Dosent work. Extremly difficult to Set up.
I used to be able to disable and then later re-enter rules.  That doesn't work now.  I can't re-enter any of my disabled rules.  Other than that this app is great
Horrible product. The devices keep disappearing and reappearing in the app but are never there when you need to control them. Adding new devices is even more painful, don't even try to on Android.
The switches work great once they are set up but the app and support sucks. You will get used to a circling waiting symbol and end up force quitting the app to make it go away. When you first set up you have to turn off Wifi scanning on your phone. However the instructions are for an old version of Android and don't work with new versions. I have a Pixel​ so it's not like I have a weird version of Android. Also, I accidentally mistyped my Wi-Fi password (it's complex) and the app notified me but wouldn't let me change it because no Wi-Fi networks would show up in it. I suggest if you have any problems to uninstall and reinstall the app, sometimes multiple times. I think Belkin is one of those companies that only cares about iPhones and Android is just an afterthought. Or they are trying too hard to automate everything and it's just not working right.
Definitely a fan but it is a bit slow to load. Rules are a bit confusing to use for home/away
App keeps getting buggier after each update. Wemo lights are unavailable randomly and don't respond to commands or schedules no matter what I do.
Love the switches and the app is okay, especially with widgets, but after last update it is killing my battery! Using 2-5% per hour when I'm not using the app or widget, please fix the battery drain!
Terrible. Slow, many clicks required to access basic functions. Looses layout. However, is improving... in this tempo it may be good in 10 years.
This app is a nightmare. Once the devices are set up, it works as advertised, but the setup process is needlessly cumbersome​ and I always get at least one error. Also, remote access away from my WiFi network never works.
Updates stalls and are inconsistent.   Setting up the Wemo devices is not straightforward. App is horrible.  Devices do not connect consistently.
App is buggy, and the permissions needed are ridiculous. Firmware update always shuts switch down and then it is not reachable and have to manually unplug. Inability to have switch keep state on after a power event....new switch locked in firmware update loop. Speaking of firmware why can we not just update the ones we want instead all at once. Too much more to list.
It would be useful if it worked as advertised. Difficult to set up. Dodgy schedules.
never a problem. works on first try. hooked it up on my pool lights for extreme summer laziness.
I'm having a difficult time creating a rule. When i try to create a rule, the app just hangs.  Please create an app that works.
The app kept crashing when connected to wifi using note5. No problem with cellular connection
It spends more time being offline then on, so it ended up being a paper weight. Done.
Great idea, mediocre execution. Been waiting 24 hours to complete a firmware update. One of my bulbs keeps going back and forth between working and updating. I've reset everything, to no avail. The hub is right next to my router, and so are the bulbs. Poor software/hardware execution so far.
The app is poorly designed and halffasted.  Not very friendly Nd cumbersome to use.  Missing basic intuitive navigation and functionality.
Have had to adjust this rating several times, after about 5 hours of resetting, retrying and hunting through dozens of threads on the support forum I finally got it working. Zero confidence that it will continue working, if wemo staff read this I really just wish you would add some way of debugging your system, your SOC must keep a log, just let us read the contents of the log so we can see exactly why we are getting a flashing amber light Will absolutely not be recommending this to friends
Little slow and sluggish from time to time, and occasionally the cache gets a bit mucked up, but overall great app. Haven't had a problem that couldn't be cleared by a cache clearing, and I've only had to do that once. Edit: even though I left a review it's still bugging me to rate it. Annoying.
Just isn't stable or robust. The app has very poor usability.  Just poor overall.  Devices dropping of network. 2 devices have just stopped working altogether.
This app is great. I use it to monitor my kid's screen time.  The TV shuts off automatically after a predetermined period of time forcing them to find something else to do. It was also really easy to set up.
The app will not complete setup, I have tried on several devices went through the forums, watched the videos etc..  Finally after many attempts changing my router security from wpa2 to wpa/wpa2 mixed mode did the trick. I should not have had to spend so much time hunting the solution. In fact maybe the app should have an option to analyze my home network for possible compatibility issues and then offer suggestions versus only telling me it failed. I updated my rating accordingly.
I have used many home automation switches and the setup for WEMO is unreliable and can be frustrating. I would get something different if I were you.
The app is totally unreliable and glitchy. The WEMO switch is a waste of $50. Doesn't work consistently enough to be useful.
App is ok but have to much webviews that penalize the user experience. Make it full native Android and it'll be 5 stars.
Works great easy to use Simple setup basic control just about anything in your house great product and app and I install home automation systems and I'm using six of these around my house currently just because the simple setup and they may be temporary devices I haven't decided yet so there's no point in wiring them into my Lutron radio raw 2 system that system is much more complicated to add devices WeMo is nice and simple and takes less than 5 minutes to set up
I have to restart my phone every time I want to use the app otherwise the switch shows up on the screen grayed out with the "not detected" message. It worked up until the last update that was released.
Too many problems resetting up after firmware updates and when we have a power outage they fail.  Other brands keep working.  I'm buying other brands until these stupid issues are resolved!
Please fix the widgets. You click on the widget and it does nothing. The rest of the app works pretty decent.
Slow, unresponsive, often fails to correctly detect the state of switches. Really pretty disappointing.
Complete and utter junk. Horrible UX, doesn't work properly and crashes all the time. Avoid at all costs!
I have my first three wemo's set up and linked to my Best thermostat. This app works great to turn off the electronic vampires in rooms I'm not using, and with the Nest, they are all turned off when no one is home. Love it!
I really like the idea of an automated house. When the app is working, it's great 5*, when the app malfunctions 3*, that and sometimes it's hard to add to. That's equals a 4*.
Quite honestly one of the worst apps I have on my phone... It is very laggy and unresponsive most of the time when moving between screens within the app. It won't start about 1/3 of the time. Even when it does it shows the wrong status on one or the other device. Rules are iffy at best, and will sometimes trigger even after deleting the rule entirely. And finally, getting it hooked up to IFTTT was a joke... So yeah - I keep it because it will turn on and off my devices (sometimes...).
We have had four insight switches for about four weeks, they function okay but for the life of me I can not achieve usable monthly cost data, it always shows just a few cents? I added four light bulbs &amp; the wemo link a few days back &amp; these worked fine for a day. Then it all went pear shaped. Belkin tech support were great but difficult to contact (Pacific time) being 16 hours behind Australia &amp; over 40 minutes on hold to get to a person.Some issues have been fixed but the inability to set schedules still persists. You can set an on time but not an off time. If you have issues uninstall the Wemo app &amp; then reinstall it as this can resolve old data issues. We still have unresolved issues but these hopefully can ultimately be fixed so here's hoping. Web access is very fast &amp; reliable so thats a plus.
Sucks and does not work at all. tech support is from overseas, hard to understand and no help at all
IFTTT integration fails miserably. Connected from app but every time I try and create an ifttt applet, it asks me to connect, then tells me to use wemo app (which has been completed already)... Just purchased my first and last wemo device
Difficult setting up...not instant on Wi-Fi and really slow on data. It will work for what I'm trying to accomplish
Generally, it works as advertised.  However, I'm not sure why, but many of my firmware updates fail.  I always choose to install a firmware update when I'm notified that one is available.  Unfortunately, more often than not, the update fails.  Sometimes, the update is successful on the first try, but other times, I may have to accept the update 6 or 7 times over the course of a week before the update is successful.
Setup could be easier. Ntwork dependant . 2 modems in same house caused problems.
Does exactly what it says on the box. I use them for turning electric heaters on remotely so that house is nice and warm when I get home. The count down display time does not always show how long is left before appliance switches off, shame because this is a good feature.
Worked for 3 days. Has not connected since Jan. 1. My brother had several, returned because it didn't connect. My son-in-law hasn't even bothered to plug his in. Same troubled.
I'm sure it would be great if it worked. But it doesn't work. It's terrible.
Well I updated to the latest version.  It did not solve any problem.  Still cannot enter location and now it apparently cannot find the switch either.
I wish I could experience all the other 1 star things people described, but my Mini could never even connect to the Wi-Fi antenna in the same room for 1st time setup.
Horrible to setup, simply cannot get IFTTT functionality setup at all. If the tech savvy can't use it how will the rest of the world?
Updating bulbs firmware locks it up and cant control it. Been updating for 5 hours. Cant link to Google Home. Another reason for 1 star. Was told by Belkin there will never be an update so it will never work with Google Home. Dont bother as its End Of Line product so go get another brand. These bulbs are now dead
Terrible with Wemo mini plug. I give up, I'm talking it back to Best Buy.
If using while on local network insight switch status is reported incorrectly. When turn on or off they just turn to disconnected. Over cellular seems to be ok. I have tasker set to turn off wifi when wemo app open just to combat this. Occasionally this screws with streaming from phone. Please fix this issue as it has been around forever. I will not purchase anymore wemo products until it is fixed. And no I won't reset my switches and reinstall the app for the umpteenth time which is all wemo support say. 17.7.17 tried to delete some rules and couldnt. Repeatly tried. Reset app etc. Still no joy. Tried on iOS and worked 1st time.
You must fix the issue of not being able to set up devices in different households using the same phone ap! I have 2 homes w 2 diff wifi, but cannot config my second home using the same app.
Useless. Nothing works after firmware update. Reinstalling the app also doesn't help. Setup states that the app isn't compatible with many versions of Android and provides a non existent work around. Save yourself the trouble and money and invest in a technology that works. Now I have a bunch of useless switches.
Great integration with Google Assistant. The switch occasionally fails to turn on but works more often than not.
Since the latest update it has become very slow to respond and in some cases does not respond at all until phone is restarted. This is on a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The app is too slow and sluggish. Please fix ASAP.
Works when the app doesn't force close. Other than that I can never get it to work on WiFi, that needs to be sorted out asap. Lame, especially since the products are so expensive.
The software is constantly losing connection with the devices. Honestly there's 50/50 shot these things are going to work when you click the button on your phone. Utterly useless.
"Scanning always available" fail. An app MUST work when downloaded​. Users should not have to go to reddit to figure out how to use an app.
Product does not work properly, the app stops working and it has a mind of its own. Lights turn on on their own.
You have to restart the app to alternate the switch,didn't have to do that before this update. They need to be taken to government regulator and fined,this has been buggy for three years, but they keep selling it and making thousands
So far everything has worked well. I've had my switches for over 1 year and they work well even from remote locations. Maybe the difference is I have a very very good router and Internet speed. I just bought the cameras and they are working well also. Make sure you have a good router with good reach.
Pros: Sometimes works.  Cons: 1. Very unreliable.  At time you turn the switch on and it tells you that its but it isn't.  2. If the power goes off and on or the Internet is disconnected for a seconds, the device is likely not to operate and you actually have no way of knowing if it has worked or not unless you're sitting next to it. 3. The device (wemo switch) makes a high pitch whistling sound which is already giving me a headache. I can't have this in my home.  4. Once connected to power takes a couple of minutes to connect to the same wifi to which it was connected 5 minutes ago. (Seriously which technology are you guys using? ) I should tell you that I have got the latest wemo switch, the latest wemo app and have fully upgraded the firmware. Belkin guys, if you wanna make an improvement, the most important aspect is reliability. These devices are no good unless they can report their on/off status 100% accurate. Also do something about the whistling noise.  I have checked two devices and they both had the same issue. I'm returning this for good.
Nice when it's working. If you change your network settings or hardware be prepared for the devices to NOT work.  I've had no luck reconnecting after following instructions and reading what others have done to reset. Not ready for prime time.
This app is great. I use it to monitor my kid's screen time.  The TV shuts off automatically after a predetermined period of time forcing them to find something else to do. It was also really easy to set up.
Horrible interface... They need to completely throw this away and start over
Would be much more useful if there were an option to make rules based on sunrise/sunset that can be modified to be more energy efficient, i.e. turn on outside lights 1 hour after sunset (at dark, instead of AT sunset, when outside lights aren't really necessary).
Four hours of my life wasted and $80.00 wasted trying to set up two switches and still doesn't work. JUNK!!! THE APP ANF THE PRODUCT!!
This app is clunky and outdated. Feels like it should have been on Android Froyo or something. Glad I can set it and forget it or have Nest/Alexa control the device.
Good App But . . .  Could use some tweaking.  Mine every so often doesn't want to detect my coffee maker and it's a real PITA to uninstall and reinstall WeMo and re enter the WiFi info.    Other than that it's fairly good.
Purchased four of these plugs to turn on and off while I was traveling. Work fine for a while but now only one is working. Couldn't be more disappointed from my summer vacation home, no way to fix till I return in 4 months.
The app is slow and often unresponsive the devices are absolutely fantastic and if the app work right it would be amazing! The app is just horrible!
Does what it should but it was a hassle to change wifi after we swapped out our router and it should come with widgets. No reason to open the app just to turn on or off
Of all devices I'm using with Alexa this is the only one that's causing problems. Awful pairing, disconnecting whenever you need it most. Get yourself another brand, this is no good
Garbage all around. The app is horrid, buggy and messes with phones. The device is horrid, neigh impossible to get working, and wreaks havoc on the network you try to connect it to. Take a hard pass on the entire thing.
I've only used the app for one wemo switch so far and the only downfall I've found is that the app keeps telling me the switch isn't detected and I have to refresh every time I open the app to access the switch.
Love my wemo mini!! I use it to turn my heater on from bed. It's the best. I'm so lazy.
Unfortunately, the app is not robust enough.  There is a 50% chance of the progress indicator spinning forever when I open the app, until I force close it. The app responsiveness can be poor too (I have a Nexus 5X).
Does not work with Google Assistant. The widgent for toggling the light is very slow, and often gets stuck, rendering you unable to use it.  You have to open the app every time to turn the light on and off.
It's very buggy and unreliable. Rules sometimes don't remove properly. Can't set location. Devices are unavailable when they shouldn't be. Frequently messes up after installing updates. Crashes when turning off LED bulbs.
Did everything the set up requires, still won't see my network. Oh they didn't mention before I bought theses they only work with belkin routers
I am having a problem where it.Will not locate my wemo switch I did exactly what the youtube instructions said and went through the normal instructions through the app so I don't think it's that reliable at times
This app is less than useless. If you don't have a degree in computer science don't even try. It shuts down mid setup even after I've followed all the instructions to the letter.
Was always hit or miss.  Recent "fix" has caused the app to device access  entirely. 3 hours later and it's still saying it's downloading firmware . Still seems to work with Alexa.
No problems whatsoever with the WeMo devices, but, I have constant issues with the reliability of the app on Android devices which I do not have on my Apple devices. It would be great if the Android version could be improved.
Really really hoping Belkin keep investing this line or I'm wasting my money. Just found out they discontinued the sensor so now I can't configure the lights in my garage to be motion sensitive without a camera. Worrying sign...
Setup of Wemo device is not easy. The setup guide is confusing, I figured out how to get the girls the steps but then. something fails to work with my wifi. Really frustrating.
CAN'T CONNECT TO IFTTT THROUGH THE WEMO APP. USER ID AND PASSWORD FIELD WON'T STAY HIGHLIGHTED FOR ME TO TYPE IN MY CREDENTIALS. THIS HAPPENS ON MY PHONE AND TABLET.
When on wifi, the app sometimes won't recognize the state of the devices and I have to switch to cellular to refresh the devices. Also the rules should include a dawn/dusk setting for the schedules.
Too buggy. And the hardware sucks. Every firmware update has resulted in the devices to stop working and having to factory reset. I then have to uninstall and reinstall this app. When there is a power outage it's the same thing.
The devices are great. The app is adequate. Widgets hardly ever work. You should be able to group devices within the app for organization and to turn groups on an off.
App is horrible and every time software gets update some issue pops up. yesterday updated and Devices shows downloading and app is not usable at all now.
Absolutely terrible, it has never worked when trying to set up my switch, always says there was an error trying to connect to the switch. Tried on multiple android phones. Had to borrow an iPhone just to set it up
No user interface, no sign in nothing, works only on one device, there is no way to control plugs on more devices, come on belkin I have a wife and 2kids needs to control multiple devices otherwise is worthless, terrible app, going to return 10plugs, 6 light switches, DO NOT BUY at all..
App takes way too long to load up to be  (basically instantaneous on iOS). I'm more annoyed by the lack of Android shortcuts which forces you to use the (aesthetically) uncustomisable widgets.
Simple works don't use it a lot Alexa most of the time up till yesterday I liked the app but Belkin told me I needed​ to upgrade my firmware now the effing thing is stuck in upgrading mode and no longer works don't ever buy one and expect it to keep working
My Mom purchased a WeMo light switch and asked me to set it up for her. The app crashed every 15 seconds! And even with an iOS device I still can't get the WeMo setup! Don't download the app or purchase a WeMo!!
Auto off timers cannot be reset without turning off device.  ...I bought this as a method to create a sleep timer for chromecast... Without poweroff or won't let my moniker go into sleep mode... Stupid Google.
Have reset the link and the light bulbs more times than I can count.  Can't even get it to discover the light bulbs or change the settings on the app without it freezing and doing nothing.
Was working great. But now one of the lights won't work since the latest update. Just says downloaded next to it and power button not there.
The app almost never discovers the bulbs even though the Link and bulbs are in the same room and on the same WiFi network. It's a far cry from being a convenient way to automate Home. Pathetic!
Difficult to setup even when set up hard to program. Once full programed works but if you unplug it have go go thru same programming issues again0
Drains my battery and I only opened it once to set up the wemo and a schedule.... every day I get a notification that it's draining my battery, my battery life sucks because of this app
Did work ok-ish before updates now totally useless, can't add rules just freezes with that dam circle going around and around. Tried all the workarounds. I've even had to put a short cut to setup/apps to force the thing to shut down, that's how bad this software is. Belkin get it sorted out! you've had years to sort this rubbish out.
Its such a pain to set up. I'm probably going to end up returning this plug. I mean seriously. The Google products take less than a minute. These guys need to get their stuff together
Works good on home ntwk but not too reliable on cell ntwk. Doesn't keep track of usage very good, but it's great around home.
I had to change my wifi password (for obvious security reasons I like rotate it) this app terrible. It took me way too long. Very annoyed!
Wemo mini always disconnects, rge app is not user friendly, needs alot of work
The app is slow and often unresponsive the devices are absolutely fantastic and if the app work right it would be amazing! The app is just horrible!
I have three that cannot be made to work at the same time. Belkin needs to fix the problem and download it to all who have Echos and do it soon.
Slow app, today in all wemo devices stop responding, just flashing wifi lights and crappy app gave no clue. Belkin support was appalling and incoherent. And oh god why does this now need my email address?
I wish that there were more outlets or that the cost of the Wemo devices would come down more. I would use some for my bedside lamp, my kids tv, etc.
I've only used the app for one wemo switch so far and the only downfall I've found is that the app keeps telling me the switch isn't detected and I have to refresh every time I open the app to access the switch.
Very flakey product. I had to uninstall and reinstall the application to get it to see a new switch. Then I found it impossible to reactivate disabled rules.
I could live with the shortcomings of the app if the light switch I just installed could actually dim my lights. Total failure, belkin.
Took me less than 5 minutes to set it Up. Works perfectly. I have created an schedule and so far so good. Works like a charm. Also works with Alexa
Does what you need it to, but not without pulling teeth. The app is ungodly slow. Setup is terrible compared to similar products.
It's slow as hell. I am using this with Mr Coffee maker and never able to load the settings page. Navigation is pathetically slow
Wemo Link setup fails on Huawei P9, I'm getting unable to connect to Wi-Fi  each time. Please fix it
Won't undo disable! Every now and then I have to disable a rule because it's not needed. The app won't let me enable the rule. I have to delete the rule and add it again. Frustrating!
Doesn't work. What a waste. I've been troubleshooting for almost two weeks and the app can't connect to the switch. I'm so disappointed and frustrated
This app consumes lot of battery in the background. App runs slow as fuek. Stupid app developers, write some quality piece of code...
Frustrating to set up, for some reason I needed to turn cellular data off, doesn't want to talk to IFTTT, frequently can't find switches etc etc
Piece of cap waste of money do what instruction say and piece of cap still won't connect or even find the device it just sits there and blinks
This app sucks. Keeps freezing. Not easy to set up. Called support twice and was on hold for over 15 minutes each time with no answer. I give up
This app is mediocre at best. The performance is mostly terrible and I can no longer access my rules for my light bulbs.
Im just sick of them, i have wasted hours of my time on this product. Anyone made the move to phillips or other?
Finally they are getting the bugs out. Still painfully slow to find devices and does not cope with timezones, summertime or when sunrise/sunset actually is.
Crashes alot, slow and was a pain to setup.... Not a great app for an expensive plug.... Update will not even open on.wifi now.... Removed and reinstalled just the same utter rubbish
It was not hard at all to set up. The only thing I don't like about it is when you plug it in you don't have much room for another plug to go in.
After a few hiccups after installation and thanks to help from wemo help line I haven't a problem since that's been about 2 years
Works well enough.  Was easy to set up.  I have 2 switched outlets and 3 air filters. I have set timers for all. One of the switched outlets is at the far end of a large room.  Great to remotely turn on a lights before entering a dark room. Each device is working as expected.
The setup process only works with old outdated versions of Android, the app itself is incredibly outdated and clunky, and a firmware update for my smart plug has failed over a dozen times, but it continues to notify me that an update is available.
The app works well! A little difficult to set up, but once it's going, it works MOST of the time. It will occasionally lose connection. Keep the firmware on the devices updated!!!
The app almost never discovers the bulbs even though the Link and bulbs are in the same room and on the same WiFi network. It's a far cry from being a convenient way to automate Home. Pathetic!
Have been using this for a couple years now.  The app has come along way from it's first days.  Alot more stable and easier to use now.  If they keep improving as they have been I will be a happy camper.
Terrible waste of money will be getting a refund after set up it works but next day it is disconnected I have wemo link plus 3 led lights tyres to use with alexa but no wemo skill in UK used a substitute which did work but  now after 6th time off repairing link has stopped alexa says switching on or off but no response from wemo link got up this morning all lights were on ha ha don't do it
No support for for a two year old device. Kludge to setup.  Help pages missing because the model is no longer supported. No remote access! Model F7C029.
When I try to connect to my devices already on my network, the app keeps trying to set up a new device. Useless.
To it hard to setup but  as long as the power don't  drop from your  provider it works great if the Firmware Update FAILS to work
Constantly freezes. Have to keep force closing it. Also I have opened the app a couple times to find that the device is turned on, when I did not turn it on.
Worst device and app ever, if you turn it On manually you cant turn Off from app.. even with remote access device doesnt work
WeMo's work well with Amazon Echo. Android app is slow, constantly looking for devices, and usually not finding any (devices).
Super ...buy the light switch...I can turn on/off lights Wi-Fi for my dogs without no problem...got it for two years already without issues.
Such a helpful device when you have devices that need to be on or off when you're not around. I use it for my a.c. all the time. I do wish the app could be updated to control different locations. Other then that it's helpful!
Causes my phone to show the "an app is draining your battery" error about twice a day, even though I put this app to sleep.
Annoying to set up! Stopped working. I open the app and only lets me look instructions...it won't let me access menus.
So hard to use, like tile, another tech to make life easy, save you time etc, but I've spent so much time setting up, resetting, etc, wemo could never pay it back
I find it often does not work. This latest update Froze all my devices. It's very frustrating to use.
After it was running, it was great.  It was not easy to set up.  It took some patience!
Scheduling This app works great. The wifi sockets also work great. I can control anything from the comfort of my home or from anywhere i am in the world... scheduling on and off times is also a big plus..
It seems the product works initially, but gets worse with each update. I've updated the app, added new switches, and can't access them now. I was using with Alexa via Amazon Echo &amp; Echo Dot. It randomly loses all devices and can't detect the different devices. I've purchased over 10 different WEMO units and very displeased at how I have to reset and re-register all devices each time it acts up and forgets everything!!!
Doesn't work at all. Phone keeps swapping between direct hookup and external wifi. No useful error messages.
Unreliable.  TPLink much better.
Great idea poorly executed. The software is absolutely awful.
Broke AF. Never lets me start setup process, even after disabling everything regarding auto network.
Very good app and Device. Sometimes has to be rebooted,  like a lot of remote gadgets!
Firmware update fail 9/10 times and the only way to resolve the issue is to unregister ALL your updated devices and then try again with them removed.  Once complete you need to re-register these devices, serious PITA.
Can only control devices on one network makes second set a waste of money no remote connect
After power outage, we can no longer shut down, or turn on our security systems, or servers. Which is the entire reason we bought this.
Worked well for a little while, and now doesn't.  Setup is terrible, can't even paste WiFi password.  Terrible waste of money.
Still bad. Kasa is better. By TP-Link. Much better and much FASTER interface. Rules set up are light years easier on Kasa.
Works on one Android phone and not the other. Can't figure out why. So like some said "hit or miss"
Unintuitive and difficult to sync and program.  Finally got it working on schedule, but if it doesn't work again, it will be returned.
I have used this before always seems to be hit or miss doesn't seem to be a well tested app (android)
It never works. Can't ever find my device when I'm at work. Only works if I'm standing 5 feet from my device
Crappy crappy crappy app. Good products with a terrible unfriendly app.
Widget's no longer work.  Devices are detected, but disappear when I try to control them. Waste of time and money.
App will not run on my one plus3T running android 7.11. Need to return my switch. Bad app
The Application itself and My Wemo socket are working perfectly comments in here scared me really literally !! I think people don't know how to install it properly.
The software worked briefly and then would never sync with the hardware again. The permissions required by this app are unnecessary for it's "functionality" which leads me to believe they're collecting user data for other purposes. I'm glad I only bought one switch. Time to try another brand!
Flakey, doesn't quite find the devices on the net. And slow! But once configured,works well
My switch used to work OK with previous versions, but I was stupid enough to upgrade.Now stuck with unresponsive hardware.
Nice little device they should make a device that it specifically for window Ac that has a built in IR remote that can learn your normal remote and allow you to control the window Ac functions instead of just turning it on and off.
I now have 11 switches and I love how they work.  They work with the Amazon Echo and the Google Home.  I use the app on my Android phone and my iPad. I'm not sure what problem others have with setup but I have not had any with the 11that I set up.
No support for my perfectly functional WeMo Motion, which means it's now more electrical waste. Utter disappointment.
Huge problems reconnecting my after it stopped working all of a sudden. Very complicated procedure took me 45min to 1 hour!!!!!
The lights suck, the updates never work, the lights occasionally go off line. I am ver dissatisfied and disappointed.
app is slow and so poorly designed its very confusing. updating takes forever too
Both device went offline and unavialbe with no warning r reason.  Worked great while it lasts....
Hit or miss on all of my wemo switches showing up on this app.  Additionally, set up and reconfiguring can be tedious.
Version as of 4/27/17 fails to update the firmware, requires resetting/configuring switch to get it to work. Still won't update firmware.
Pain in the ass to set up, paid 60 dollars for two and I still cant get them to connect.
I've heard a lot of negatives about this product but in my opinion it worked very well. There's a couple glitches here and there but generally that was due to a network issue on my end so the app was actually working fine. There's only been a couple of times that I had to wait for the app.
Had smart plug kept losing connection with Wi-Fi... complained got replacement still does not work correctly and now i am out of the return window so lost my money thanks for nothing but a headache never buy a Belkin product again
Remote control stopped working with app update, now I can't control anything when I'm not at home. At this point the app is useless for me.
Love it!  I have a swamp cooler that has no thermostat control. Now I can control the usage.  I can turn it on my way home.  Cool home! Save money.
I have found bugs need fixing asap  Unable to update the firmwares but able to do it on I-device   And unable to enable roles but able to disable roles   Sort them I will give full 5 our of 5
Easy setup. I love that I can operate it from anywhere, at least so far in the US.  I use it daily. I have it timed to go on and I tell it when to switch off. Works perfectly.
The app is a real time saver. There are only occasional glitchches where the timer function does not work properly, but you can manually turn off the switch.
Hi, installed 2 different wemo links that used to work. Reset the links, reset the light bulbs, restarted my android and reinstalled the Android app 5 times each. Right after finishing the set up, it works for 10 seconds then the app forgets everything and goes back to the first help screen again. I am guessing the app is faulty. Any help would be appreciated. This is an expensive joke for $100! A very slow joke! How about having this on two phones? Only one person can not have the keys? Hit and miss and not reliable, sometimes it says something is off or on but it is wrong! Why? The hardware is yours which you charged us more than $100 for it, the software is yours too and you can not make them work together!  By the time it gets loaded I can catch a taxi, go to airport, board a plane, go home, switch off the lights, make sure it is off, and come back! Using this at home? Forget about it, just turn off the switch manually. According to Google 0.5 million to 1 million people downloaded this, let's say also 1 million IPhone users downloaded this. Let's say a quarter of those bought more than one, maybe 2, 3, 4 or more for their business or home. It makes up to $300 million product! Let's say $200 million product from a company who earns billions. And you still managed to make it as useless as possible. Well done.  And don't you see I gave you one star, stop asking please!
I only use it to turn on and off my one Wemo plug. I don't use any timers or other features. I was having an issue updating on my S6 but no problems with my S8. The app it very useful.
Consistently show connection. It be faster to turn on lights/appliances the old fashion way by flipping the switch/plugging it in.
I have spent let than 5 minutes turning the switch on and off and over 5 hours dealing with  firmware updates effectively disabling the apps ability to turn the switch on and off.
Few things work as described. Apparently a dying product line.
Quite buggy and unintuitive to reset if you ever change Wi-Fi password or router!
Rubbish app. Very unreliable.  Firmware upgrades usually fail. I've tried the Android and Windows versions. Very poor really.
This is terrible.  The device does what it wants no matter how many times you change the rules.
Not sure if it's the Apo or the device but unable to connect after installing a new router.
It was a little painful to set up but once it was it does exactly what I need it to do.
A piece of junk impossible to setup, stops working you name the fault its got it
This App and hardware have never worked properly for me since I got it. Don't waist your time with it. FRUSTRATED!!!!
Could not get app to work with Android, returned wifi outlet to store.
Slow and intermittent.  Nice to have options for many devices .
The new widget makes it so much easier to turn things on/off . 3rd party widgets didn't work nearly as well as this one does!!
Very iffy, stops working reasons unknown. Have 3 plug units, about to give up on them.
Works on one Android phone and not the other. Can't figure out why. So like some said "hit or miss"
The WeMo Link is a terribly unreliable device. I've tried two of them and the experience is the same.
The Application itself and My Wemo socket are working perfectly comments in here scared me really literally !! I think people don't know how to install it properly.
Flakey, doesn't quite find the devices on the net. And slow! But once configured,works well
Does not even work. Never pairs using this app. Just keeps going thru a demo. God this sucks.
After initial troubles installing and setting it up, it has been exactly what I was looking for.
POS!!!  Cannot keep it connected.  Changed router and now can't even find it to set it up.  Save your money.
Not user friendly. Has to be reset every few days. Doesn't work well with Alexa!
The timer function is clunky confusing and doesn't work well which means not reliable. Away mode is useless and didn't work.
app is slow and so poorly designed its very confusing. updating takes forever too
Incredibly frustrating to use. I've had to reset devices and re-create rules multiple times.
Works well once set up - but the setup is a less than stellar experience.
App don't install to SD card takes up too much room on phone storage
App hangs on "Settings and About" on my two Samsung smartphones...just keeps trying to load and I have to kill the app. Called support once ...tweeted second time ...all they said was try it on another device...worked well on iPhone ...but I'm using Android device! Then tried to link with Google  Home and doesn't recognize my wifi and Mac address. Time for a major update!
The app is incredibly slow and actually makes using my WeMo devices more difficult than simply turning them on myself. However, works well with Amazon Echo voice control.
Basic looking with low functionality. Many first time android dev bugs. AND after every firmwear update I have to reinstall the app otherwise I can't control the lights
Nice physical products but terrible setup experience and very unreliable. Keeps disconnecting from my router.
Nice idea, but difficult set up with arcane instructions in bad Grammer and broken links.
Not all devices show up on the app, so it can be frustrating. Overall it works well though.
Fails to find devices, requires reconfiguration after firmware upgrades. I wouldn't recommend these devices
Very slow and buggy. Setup was difficult, had to look online for tips on 1st time setup.
How does a product this useless even make it to market? Complete and utter WOFTAM.
Absolute garbage. Extremely difficult to use and doesn't work half the time
App is horrible, not intuitive... switches continually have to be reset...have 2 and one completely failed
I've had numerous problems with device not being detected.  Very frustrating.
Keeps losing devices it's a pain to have to reset up devices when you simply want to turn em on or off
Cannot depend on it to connect to my phone.  Programming is not intuitive and makes no sense.
Spent hours trying to get one device connected with no success.
I love making my coffee the Wemo-way, the Wemo-way, the Wemo-way ....  Sorry, I couldn't resist. Seriously, it works great for me. I start my coffee from my bed upstairs whenever I'm ready. It's hot and waiting when I get to the kitchen.
Patchy and temperamental at times and does not work with Alexa yet (booooo)
Horrible. These devices are not even at beta stage. Save your time and money. Shame on you Belkin.
Heaps of problems starting out, and still cant get it connected to google home
Just like everyone else says...half the time it won't turn on/off outlets.
Very poor app, my light switch failed upgrade, no way to force it now. Crap...
I  think it has limited use as it only give you one start and stop time it would be nicer it had range in how many times you could schedule in a day.
Works well about 75% of the time. But when it fails, it takes hours to reconfigure the devices.
You have one job really. Allow me to control my device. And it fails.
It is a God awful experience. Unreliable. Difficult to reset and more trouble than it is worth
I like it most of the time, but it gets annoying when you have to refresh all the time.
Installed a new router and now wemo switch will not connect to new network. Useless.
I have the switch button on my homescreen but it never freaking works. I have to enter the app every single time. Sometimes it works only if connected to WiFi, which also sucks
Remote access is a constant problem. Works sometimes but not always, so you can't rely on it.
Truly a 4.5, just needs to have WiFi connect perform a bit smarter when sync'ing for access.  Great product!  If I find a sale I will get a bunch more.
The instructions that are given for connecting a device or a new device are completely inadequate and don't work
Had no issues.  Almost returned this product before trying it.  Easiest home automation  setup.  I have securifi, nest, ismartalarm  and  now wemo. All were easy to setup but wemo was the easiest
It's ok but confusing when trying to reset a device or do firmware upgrades.
Works only intermittently. Device constantly lose network connection and need to be reset. Juat unreliable
Switch constantly stops working. Would not buy anything wemo again
Extremely slow app, should not be allowed these days. Also, very intrusive. Will return.
Much better since recent updates, had ours for a couple of years now and used to use another app to control them, not anymore.
App refuses to find switches even after a whole night troubleshooting (it professional)
It will no longer save new rules or delete the old ones in other words it's a wireless remote I can turn on from my phone. Nothing  more
It is such a hassle. It disconnects, intermittent response time and has trouble finding device.
Failed to update one device, and is now non responsive to a different previously programmed device.
"Unable to Detect" is too common in the Wemo app, along with Alexa saying, "Sorry. XXX is not responding." Far too unreliable.
Don't ever change your WiFi name. Pain to reset up the switches.
Setup is a little annoying but not bad.  The app itself does what it's supposed to.
Nice physical products but terrible setup experience and very unreliable. Keeps disconnecting from my router.
Once you figure out how to connect your phone to setup the device on Android (forget all WiFi networks and turn off data) it's a fairly good app.
Terrible, keeps crashing, doesn't recognize already paired bulbs. Never again
Devices, outlet and switch are constantly out of range and now won't work at all.  Garbage.
What's up with the pictures on the Android? Sometimes some are there, sometimes all and now none. Never an issue on my Apple device. How hard can it be?
Works, but has outdated UI and rather slow in response.
App works instantly with WeMo switch, and haven't had any issues with Google Assistant integration
Initially a bit difficult to set up but worth persisting.
It won't update my WiFi plug. It keeps saying update failed.
Does what it's supposed to do. Finicky at times, just keep trying...
Bad, clunky app that can't get it's own stuff right
Not very intuitive. Has to reinstall many times to keep it working.
Stuck when upgrading firmware. Cluncky to set up schedules. Slow app
I  think it has limited use as it only give you one start and stop time it would be nicer it had range in how many times you could schedule in a day.
Remote access does not work so if thats the case don't need it am totally capable of turning something on and off when home
Takes forever to connect. Keeps disconnecting. Thermostat wont stay where i set it. Garbage app.
How hard is it to get an app to work properly on a $800 Android flagship? Seriously Belkin needs to fire everyone they picked up when they took Linksys
Does what it says, love being able to control my devices on my phone  Edit: changed to 3 as this app is seriously draining my battery now
Why so hard to set up?!! Really frustrating!   I had hair before I tried to set this up!
Unintuitive UI, absurd number of taps required to create rules
I can't begin to describe how unusable this app is.  Just incredibly bad.
Doesn't work on LG G6 with Android 7 while om wifi.... POS
Don't use it often, but works great when I do!
Setup instructions are not straightforward and out of date.  Remote access feature does NOT work. Devices can only be controlled at home. Hardware info screens freezes the app. A firmware update which froze the application cleared all Insight data.  Away mode settings displays that my WeMo is enabled to turn on and off at a schedule but I can't disable or delete it because it says I must select a device! However that is because it is the default view for no schedule! Very poor user experience throughout the application.  Turning the WeMo Insight on or off via the application frequently causes it to lose communication with the device. I couldn't figure out what would make it work again but it seems to resume working after several minutes. But it also stops working once I issue another on/off command again. This is a very poor experience.   Unless someone from Belkin can help me, I'm almost certain I am returning my WeMo Insight to Belkin to buy another brand's smart outlet device due to so many atrocious issues in just the first hour.
It's a pain to set up more trouble than it's worth terrible
Update take forever, wasted lots of time. Not user friendly.
User unfriendly. Impossoble to set up new wi-fi connection.
Very buggy software. Terrible app and I work in tech support
Have found it to work well with occasional bumps when updating. Would like to see a Windows version.
When setting up rules, system becomes sluggish and unresponsive
I love being able to turn my lights on with my cell phone  while I'm away or tell Alexa to turn on a light when I come through the door with my hands full.  Just plain cool.
Terrible.. always loses connection.  Reinstalling app never finds the device
Not user friendly app. Hard to connect to new wifi network.
App sucks, freezes, didn't save custom wake timers, drains battery, deleted it.
Works well and setup was without complications.  Going to purchase 2 more for my coffee maker and perfect for the XMAS tree this year.  No more getting behind it to unplug the lights.
The app is not stable, doesn't always work, and can get frustrating.
I like the hardware. But the WeMo app uses almost 2-3% of my phone battery per hour. There is no ability to integrate with my Wink Hub, and no support for Stringify.
Worst performance of all my HA apps. Unstable, inconsistent, no improvements.
The app takes so long to load and find the devices that I could easily get up, turn on everything, and sit back down before the app is ready to function
Don't ever change your WiFi name. Pain to reset up the switches.
Setup is a little annoying but not bad.  The app itself does what it's supposed to.
Turns the shite on then shuts it off. What more can ya ask for.
Resetting things can be a little rough, and have some trouble with android communicating with them, but I like them all in all.
The app worked fine, then said it needed to update to add another Insite Switch. Now it can not find any of the switches,  and they are not supported.
Not great, but let's your do what it says
When I leave my house and get off Wi-Fi the switch isn't  recognized,I come-back to my house And it's recognized again,i see no use of having it if I can't use it away from my house
Constant technical difficulties requiring unplug and re-set...
Sometimes works sometimes not. Devices go offline and can't be recovered.
Works most of the time. Last update fixed a lot of issues.
Worst experience with technology I have ever had.
I cannot re-enable a rule that was disabled
Connect with my three phone,  I can't control my lights,  I've had to download another app to do what this app is suppose to do.   Most of the time this app will not let me control any of my lights.
Useless if you have the Moto X Pure :(
Has definitely improved. Is there a way to manually check for updates for the devices?
Been working with support for months to get the wemo switch to work with a special character password. They just wait for the next app/firmware update.
cannot control devices from 2 different location.
Not intuitive and you have to struggle to set this up . would recommend stay out from this
Difficult to set up. Would never buy again
A little buggy to setup initially due to some WiFi issues, but the plug voltage data is quite useful.
Totally rubbish, apps quit cannot open
App is difficult to use and the rules stopped working by themselves.
Switches keep disappearing after updates app is unstable at times
Never stays connected, doesn't work well with firewalls.
Does not work with  Google Pixel phone and/or Android 7.2.2.
Inconsistent - doesn't always do what it is supposed to and there unreliable for something that controls electrical appliance.
Sometimes the sunrise time comes and goes and the lights remain on.
Looking for rules times out. Wemo needs app help.
Way too difficult to set up, instructions impossible.
Very buggy and unstable. Has potential but is poorly coded.
Works erratically. I wouldn't trust it to work as an away device.
Two days later it's still updating, I finally uninstalled and had to reset my phone to factory default.  Whatever you do do not update it sucks
It was a little tricky setting up the device switch, but it works now. Very convenient. I like it.
Works well and setup was without complications.  Going to purchase 2 more for my coffee maker and perfect for the XMAS tree this year.  No more getting behind it to unplug the lights.
Its slow, and not up to scratch for today's expectations.
Very often devices go unknown. This is anoying
It goes on &amp; off at odd times. I am not happy with it.
Absolute garbage. POS More problems than you can count.  Stay away! !!!
The physical device works well, as does the app. I just wish the wall plug was a bit smaller so it doesn't block the other outlet.
Frequently have to refresh in app because turning on and off doesn't chang the icon color in the app from green to grey and vice a versa. All in all it store works.
Like wemo but have allot of fw update issues
Sucks.  Keeps losing connection.  Can't setup.  Can't find.  Everything just doesn't work.
Updates are janky,  sometimes the the process gets stuck.
Two set up for auto ( both work manually) only one went on at the set time. Can't trust for away &amp; no Wifi to check on.
The Apps ok when it works however it's usually slow/laggy and the programming feature is not exactly intuitive.
Had some issues with units.  Seems to be working now.
Overall decent once things are set up but very difficult to initially set up or change anything (wifi password etc.)
App doesn't work.  Wi-Fi won't link to the app.
The connection always goes out. Terrible!
This app really is garbage. Lots of bugs. Naff interface.
Worst smart device app ever.pain to set up
It took 20 minutes to replace an old switch with the WeMo and set up with my Wi-Fi router. Works great!
When the App works it's wonderful. When it doesn't it is not wonderful.  All needs to manage the Wi-Fi address and password and not each link switch....poor programming
The schedule for turning on and off the lights has worked very well for me. I have no complains; so far I love the Wemo.
Expensive light switch without internet access whatsoever
After a year the setup has gotten worse.
I enjoy the comfort of it ofcourse. However I use it mostly when I'm going to be late getting home, I just simply turn what ever I want on and off. Fantastic App
Doesn't work.  I will be returning the wemo pos.
Not intuitive. Not easy to install and interface with new devices.
Does NOT let you GROUP lights , so you can Turn ON/OFF ALL at Once.  Also a Programable Randomizer for the lights , on Trips ... or when not at home.
Garbage. I have to reset daily. Not detected
Totally rubbish, apps quit cannot open
Very hard to make it accept changes to rules.
Have lots of trouble connecting to my device.
Difficult to set up, still not connected.
Firmware updates cause issues every time.
Goes to sleep and does not come on again.
Constantly indicates firmware update and always hangs.
Not bad. Simple to use and like the widget but uses way more battery than it needs to.  2-10% when I'm not even at home.
Bulbs stuck downloading Always nagging about feedback and firmware
Difficult to set up again with new wifi.
This worked on my old S4 Samsung phone but not new LG G5. So is it a new wemo firmware or G5 android bug?
b"Very good product. I Bought  one wemo insight, then tested it that day. Then that's it the next day bought 2 more. I love using it??????"
Works very well but as other users, setup could be easier if it was well explained but you have to google it or guess it to make it work!
Useful but buggy with frustrating amount of time looking at the loading icon with buffer-face
Never finds devices. Hangs on app open
The physical device works well, as does the app. I just wish the wall plug was a bit smaller so it doesn't block the other outlet.
Worked fine, out of the box.now? Constant updates to hardware that take two or more days. It wasnt broken why did it need fixing?
It was kinda hard to setup, after that works well
Sucks.  Keeps losing connection.  Can't setup.  Can't find.  Everything just doesn't work.
Updates are janky,  sometimes the the process gets stuck.
Devices have not updated since day one, constantly failing. Belkin do not care about users, only their money.  Avoid at all costs.
Repeatedly does not detect the smart plug.
Two set up for auto ( both work manually) only one went on at the set time. Can't trust for away &amp; no Wifi to check on.
Unable to connect second WeMo switch to app.
Optimization need way to slow breaks down and don't work properly
Overall decent once things are set up but very difficult to initially set up or change anything (wifi password etc.)
Can't get it to work on my Pixel.
When it works, which it more usually doesn't, it's OK...... at best
The whole setup and setting rules are nightmare
After a year the setup has gotten worse.
Do work and freeze at network setup.
Works great whether at home or on the go. No issues with using it over cellular. Love the controls for the heater. Also love the long press rules
its ok.  the app os painfully slow
I've had repeated problems with the app.
Difficult to troubleshoot when device disconnects from network.
Good app, online firnware update via the app isn't always successful and creates delays before you can retry.
not supported lg v20 andorid 7.0
So terrible. Will be returning for refund tomorrow.
Unable to connect smart switch... Don't hv a clue what to do. Very much user unfrendly
Easy to set up and use , have 6 on 2 seperate networks , just have to swithch networks to use them . I'd get more !
It is a little slow, but it works
Absolutely  excellent  ,it does  what it suppose  to. turn light from far away. Thanks.
Difficult to set up again with new wifi.
This worked on my old S4 Samsung phone but not new LG G5. So is it a new wemo firmware or G5 android bug?
On off timers do not work
A nice touch that keeps me from walking into a dark house. The control is very good and it has a schedule too
Cannot see monthly consumption in the app
Works very well but as other users, setup could be easier if it was well explained but you have to google it or guess it to make it work!
These switches and app have worked very well for a year now. The best feature to me is that it works with Echo so flawlessly.
Great product. Took me a bit to figure out schedules, but all good now.
The scheduling is not very reliable!
Wemo sucks. Does not work on android..Does not work on iPhone....absolutely crappy device...don't buy...
Awfully buggy, will be returning the product
Never finds devices. Hangs on app open
Painfully difficult to setup on a secured network.
DO NOT BUY. Connection problems are diabolical.
All my wemo devices are reliable and respond quickly. Excellent smart home solution! The app is easy to understand and use.
It is easy to set up and even easier to use. I plan on adding more to my network. I would like to get a dimmer next.
Never did get it working with the Apple 7
Laggy and doesn't always do what I ask it to do
Android users have to forget their WiFi creditials to get on the wemo network then after that have to log back on to their personal network to even connect their device
On Android it's not as stable as it is on iOS
The app moves entirely too slow
App now only works in phone mode. Would love to see tablet mode again... I.E. app interface rotates for landscape displays
Constantly disconnects from wifi. Unreliable
Constant update fails. Unrealiable
Does not work half the time
Optimization need way to slow breaks down and don't work properly
It's okay when it works. It's the when it works part that's the problem.
The whole setup and setting rules are nightmare
Great when it works, but not worth the pain of all the bugs. I'm getting a refund as soon as I find my receipt.
Does not work.  Unable to connect
Android app sees the devices but never able to control them, while the iOS app works perfectly
Works well except it needs to be designed to give the user more control over the timing of the off and on phases in the Away mode.
Good idea. I love the idea but the app laggs a lot and it drains my battery
Extremely frustrating how slow the app is.
Very average. Sometimes doesn't start or hangs in the middle of searching for the bulbs. It's cheap compared to hue but that's all.
It doesn't work most of the time. Always needs to be updated instead of just working correctly.
not supported lg v20 andorid 7.0
Does not set up easily
It is a little slow, but it works
Brilliant, I have got my wife ringing me at work asking if she can do.the ironing.
Could not setup with Android 7.0 and LG g5 had to connect to Wi-Fi with iPhone to finish setup.
Really like it,just a couple of issues when I am away that it said my devices were unavailable.
Very sluggish on my Nexus 6p
Very easy to use. Simple set up just by following instructions and it works great so far. Very happy with the wemo app
Trouble getting connection with smart plug. Solved by replacing with tp-link.
Have 2 smart plugs.  One os OK and one does not connect to anuthing. 50% is not what rates more than 2 stars.
Widgets don't work on Android 7.0
A nice touch that keeps me from walking into a dark house. The control is very good and it has a schedule too
Sometimes rules do not work
Very poor just does not work
Worked perfectly for a few months, now no rules function, have reset the unit many times and reinstalled the app.
Awfully buggy, will be returning the product
My only wish is that the custom timer was easier to set via the number keys instead of constant scrolling.  Otherwise it works flawlessly.
Unusable after changing wifi router
DO NOT BUY. Connection problems are diabolical.
Does NOT work 50% of the time
Needed to automate some plant and fish tank items and this helped do it with just one little smart switch. Love it
Wish I had more, a complete smart home would be awesome. No problems with this unit, works every time, no issues.
So far so good
This little device has made my house a lot smarter. I'm thinking adding more of them to make my house a genius.
On Android it's not as stable as it is on iOS
Great app when it works. My devices keep disappearing.
I haven't had it very long, but it seems to be doing its job.
Doesn't work very well
Lights constanly not found. Even after buying a new Asus RT-AC5300 router.
App works well and links with alexa just wish the plugs themselves were a bit cheaper
The range from the WeMo to the router is too short. It won't locate when in a back bedroom
S7 edge.... app crashes on start
Does not connect to 5g. No easy way to reset device or master wifi password. Returning to Amazon
Damn thing don't work
Doesn't work any more
App works well, installed All units and then Echo app controls them by voice commands... FUN
Love the schedules and rules, works well, love remote.  Please add long press rule for the minis, would be great :)
My single plug-in switch works almost flawlessly (occasionally can't find device).
The app is very confused.
Consistently loses connection with my crockpot.  Very poor support.  IFTTT will not generate a PIN.
Give it to someone you hate.
So sick of it only working half the time!!!!!
App is easy enough to use. For me only works half the time on half the devices when programmed to be automatic depending on the time of day.
Wemo app is ok. I like the devices, but I use them with IFTTT and alexa more than the app.
Very sluggish on my Nexus 6p
Used for a smart plug. Has worked consistently for about s month now. Much better than another brand I tried.
Installing new devices goes more  smoothly if you reset your router and then open the app.
Really great spinners. If you like looking at spinners for things loading, this is the app for you.
The  app work  great-excellent good outstanding  job.found something  that protect  my home Thanks.
Devices are often unavailable in the app.
I just updated the wemo devices and now after 30 mins none of them are working.
If the lights turn off on the timer, I cannot turn them back on with the app for some period of time.
Flakey, constant crashes, fails to reliably detect several Wemo Insight Switches
Worked fine. Got an update and it stopped working.
It just never works.
Turns porchligh on at 15 mins. before sundown and off at sunrise. No fuss, no mess . . . like clockwork
The app does not update the rules when you try to reenable a previously disabled rule
Will look for alternatives as this product is terrible
Seems like it should be simple, but it isn't. The promise of the connected home is fun. But we aren't there yet.
Should be easy easier to connect.  The app also stops running at times.
Fails, then fails, then fails again.
Always updating. Absolutely terrible!!!
Great product; other family members have requested me to order or buy several for their home.
I use the app and the switch with Alexa they work flawlessly couldn't be happier
Constantly loses devices and hangs.
Up time 10% : Down time 90%
Mine works great. I'm disabled and this technology is super awesome for me. I'm gonna need Wemo to invent a backscratcher!!!
Till now for me works fine...sound quality bit to be clear...multi user could use same time......
Slow, unintuitive, super unhelpful
Does not work very well on Android!!!!!
When enabling a rule it does not save the changes, and when you then re check the rule, it still shows as disabled
Garbage dosent work at all
Can sometimes be finicky setting up but once it's programmed it's pretty sweet.
Had to continually reset, until I got a good router, now flawless (linksys 5400)
Hard to use, slow.
Does not connect to 5g. No easy way to reset device or master wifi password. Returning to Amazon
hard to make it work with ifttt at first but later ok.  when will wemo maker be back?
Crashes does not work..
Horrible horrible connectivity issues
I was pretty excited about the prospects for this technology, but it's super buggy and unstable
My single plug-in switch works almost flawlessly (occasionally can't find device).
I have 2 mini outlets and 2 light switches and they are work great with the app as well as with Alexa.
Great when working but horrible if you change the wifi
One of the worst apps ever
Firmware wont stop loading...
Where the hell did insight go.in setup. My insight is not detecting and I tried to setup but it does not show.
b"Works great, easy to use, dose exactly what it's supposed to do.  Extremely satisfied customer ??"
Works well but sometimes takes a bit of time to load initially.
I have 4 devices, which no longer seem to work / can't be set up.
Works awesome, easy to set timer in case u get home late, you'll never be in the dark
The  app work  great-excellent good outstanding  job.found something  that protect  my home Thanks.
Toooo many updates. Unreliable.
The app always glitches
Allows me to randomly control lights and music, while I'm away, for an "at home" look.
LED light bulbs keep upgrading and take a long time to do it.
Does not have support for newer routers. Will not work with smart connect, or tri-band
Use this all the time. Great for outdoor lights among many other uses. Maker has endless possibilities.
App is super slow and laggy
Decide not detected, not much I can do with it unless it detects the device
I'm happy. I have no basis of comparison as all my outlets are Wemo, but it works as I need it to.
I've only been using for a few days but the app works as expected.
Great app complemented by all the Belkin products that integrate your home and make it into a very functional machine
Have some issues with adding new products and updating WeMo insight.
Works every once in a while. Great when it works but very inconsistent
Slow, clunky, and buggy app
Dissaponted that two Wemo Smartplugs in two separate locations cannot be controlled by the same smartphone
Other than the occasional random disconnection from the server it works great
Works well but will not interface with my Wink hub.
Not very intuitive sometime
The automation is great :) It great to be able to track your electric usage and turn off your tv from work
Not as easy as it should be.
The app or the device have issues, this should have been an easy setup.
Latest update has resulted in switches being  unlocateable from time to time. Different switches. Again, only happened after the update.
Took a bit of messing with to get to work but does what it says
Mostly like it. I'd give it 5 if the recent update would actually update and not fail.
Way to buggy and the firmware takes ages. Changing to Philips hue
PIA.  Works  one day and not the next.  Can't connect to Echo. Returning to store today.
So unreliable and tedious!
Can get a bug or two at times but overall it's nice.
Works well can be a bit buggy but has been pretty stable of late.
Horrible horrible connectivity issues
Not reliable at all!
One of the worst apps ever
Does not work!
Dysfunctional  in every way.
Works well but sometimes takes a bit of time to load initially.
Worst item ever brought
It's Soo hard to figure out how to program for the average person
Working good. I didn't give it a 5 because of set up time
Will not connect to my network during setup. Android. I followed directions.
Scheduling not working properly
The app always glitches
Firmware updates kill devices
Since the update it just always crashes when opened on my Honor 6x
Well written, easy to use app. I've had it for about 6 months with no issues
Works well for me, but seems to update firmware a lot.
App is slow and keeps crashing
Easy to use in a basic arrangement but would be nice to group lights together within the App!
After several years it is still buggy as hell!
App is super slow and laggy
It took a few times for set up, but finally did it.
Infuriating implementation of the installation process
It would be nice if there was an easier  way to group things and name the group's.
b'With wemo I can watch my dog when ever I want!??'
Way too many glitches
Awesome product. Takes effort; I think some folks expect their hands held.
Nice to turn on/off lights when getting close to home or when away from home. Such a money saver
Widget doesn't work
Other than the occasional random disconnection from the server it works great
Pretty good but sometimes the Wemo switch becomes non responsive.
Works well for Samsung Galaxy S7 including updates
Stuck on loading screen.
I use my water fountain every day now.
Not as easy as it should be.
Works a treat with our standard lamp. Can switch light on prior to getting home. Great
Widget doesn't work
Good until you change modems. Then wemo can no longer find the modem.
I love the control it gives me. I can turn my lights on or off from anywhere in the world.
App is fine but cannot connect to device - needs a manual add function
Easy to use. Love having my lights come on a schedule. Keep up the good work Wemo.
Use it everyday to control my lighting and always works.
Very buggy, I wish Philips made outlet switches
Issues with re-enabling previously disabled rules. Still happening.
I love them! I Recommend them to all my friends and customer ..  Works really well with Alexa!
Dysfunctional  in every way.
Widget will only turn wemo switch on, won't turn off.
Somewhat confusing to set up, but works great.
So far so good. It's worked as advertised. It's nice to see what appliances draw the most energy.
Slow, constant errors
App only works 2 out of 10 times
Setting up and/or resetting wifi is impossible
Works well for me, but seems to update firmware a lot.
Love it hooked up to the room fan!  Connected to my Alexa and was super easy to connect.
App suck....it says downloading all the time and I cannot access the device.
Harder than it should be to program correctly. Setting up a schedule for lights should be much easier than this!
I like the app and what its capable of, just some querks I need to work out.
Slow and difficult to use.
Simple to use, does exactly   what I needed. Integrated into my echo system.
Works as advertised. I have just one mini plug currently.
Simple to use, set up ok. Changed wifi many times, no problem
Setting up rules not logical or user friendly. Could be made much simpler.
Like this app, have used Kasa and Smartthings, Alexa and TPLink.
good once you get it right and know how it all works.
Won't discover my new Wemo in pairing mode
It doesn't do as promised. Especially in away mode
Great so far, haven't hooked up to Alexa yet.  Any tips?
Works well as advertised with built-in programming
Make it user friendly like nest app. I like it but still room for inprovement.
Constantly drains phones battery!
Very intuitive and simple app. Gives me more control over my house.
Use it everyday, must have for me!
Issues recognizing switches and staying connected. No lack of wifi
Could use better graphics and ability to build dashboard's containing many devices.
Doesn't connect to my wifi. Did reset, disabled smart switching. Nothing
Slow and unstable even with a perfect wifi connection
Since last updates I need to force close every day to get it to work
Works well. Set up can be challenging. Firmware and app update resolved most of the bugs.
This app sucks ass. I also have a tp-link and app works wonderfully.
Can control my house even on vacation.
Works well. Wish I could have more.
Never connects, when it does it then drops
Works well with my Wemo switches.
Been working on set up for over hour
Works like a charm. Super simple to setup and use. Had it for 2 months and still in love with it.
Couldn't even finish setup and try the app
An excellent and simple App to control home lighting in my case. Reliable and simple to programme.
Schedules work great, my only complaint is the speed of the app.
App is fine but cannot connect to device - needs a manual add function
I added a WiFi extender. Now able to turn swimming pool lights on and off.
Work for couple years already. It's working good and also work with Alexa
After the update, the app cannot be opened.
If you could go ahead and fix it, so that rules could be saved, that'd be great.
Occasional firmware update issues otherwise really good.
Widget will only turn wemo switch on, won't turn off.
Works very well, on all 3 of my devices.
Scheduling to the minute... much better than one other company's 30 minute increments.
It does everything  u say it can Thank you for such a good product
Works intermittently between app and firmware updates.
Works pretty good most of the time sometimes it loses connection but all in all it's pretty good
Slow and power draining
Needs updating every other day and the updates don't fix any of the problems.
b'Works great, easy install and set-up. Love the ?? rise ?? set feature!'
Somewhat hard to install with my Android, but once that was done, it works great.
Worked....didn't work...worked ....didn't work ...etc
This makes it very handy for controlling various things.
I just dont like the app, i have immense problema trying to update
Just love I can turn my light2on or off from anywhere in the WORLD.
wemo system is unreliable
Does not work
I set up a light for my gazebo in the WeMo switch and it worked perfectly.
It's great for when we're away and that we can turn on the lights for when we get home! Awesome product!!!! Love it!
all of the switches always go offline!!!!!!!
Can't connect most of the time
Works well. Wish I could have more.
After years of being out. It STILL does work over cellular!!
Never connects, when it does it then drops
This app Rocks!
Works great, love it.  I use it with Google Home.  Really cool!
Rules will not save and run.
This App runs smooth and has helped me save on power bills!
Works well with my Wemo switches.
It needs SD card support.
Device setup was very easy and app seems to work great so far.
So far working well with Alexa
I have three plugs and they work very well with Google Home.
Can't get my other devices.
Set up sucks not worth it.
Simple set up. Up and running within 5 minutes of downloading the app.
Great device keep making more options so I can automate more.
It does what it's supposed to do.
Extremely buggy rules section.
Doesn't allow me to make rules.
Love the distance remote feature. I'm able to turn lights on while I'm away.
Set it up once and forget it!
Do not sign up for the beta.
The app doesn't feel robust on my device.
Buggy and frankly not ready. Maybe in a year or so...
Slow and power draining
I love the convenience and the fact that it connects to Echo. Makes it even easier for commands.
I like how I can adjust the dimming of both lights. It's exactly what I was looking for.
Rarely finds the device. When it does it's ok.
Somewhat hard to install with my Android, but once that was done, it works great.
Does what I want it to do but the app could be a little more robust.
Rarely connects to the network. What's the point?
Works right about 90% of the time
Won't keep connection to wifi
Never works!
Very cool... just needs a few adjustments to make it completely intuitive .
Tried TP Link. Wemo rules.
make a desktop version please
Works well for my needs.
This app Rocks!
Can't get anything to connect.
Installation  process is a joke
Constantly loses network connection
Impossible to set up
great device to control your appliance. use it to control tv for my kids
Works great! I can control my crock pot from work
It just works!!
The app sucks!!
It never works
Devices fail to connect
Not user friendly
Not as easy tuya
Works but slow
It sucks...what more do I need to say.
Can't get my other devices.
Took awhile but it's good just gotta update the functionality a little
They updated the app a few months ago. Works great now
Too many problems
It does what it's supposed to do.
Endless connection problems
Love my WeMo and I look forward to adding more units on to it.
Good overall just a bit slow
Love the distance remote feature. I'm able to turn lights on while I'm away.
A great way to control your home equipment from anywhere in the world.
This app sucks!!!
Terrible app!
Works well, most of the time.
The app is full of bugs
Seems to work OK with one socket. Goes on/off which is what I bought it for.
Poor app, consistent updates, devices are always off after the update.
This is my 7th switch and they keep getting better with time .
Great . Can control a lot of my devices online  and away from home
Won't keep connection to wifi
Opens so many possibilities!  Awesome!  Price is Excellent also.  Thx
Will not open.
Works 50% of the time
Should be easy to set up , but can't find devices
It always works for me. :)
Not working on 7.1, just crashes as soon as it tries to open.
Easy to use once set up never have to touch again
Works as advertised!
Will not consistantly connect..
Doesn't work
Tried TP Link. Wemo rules.
Sometimes it's hard to log into.  Other then that it works great.
Still have some work to go to make it a 5 star
It works great with Alexa! No problems here.
Does what it is supposed to do. Easy interface and set up. No complaints.
Hard to set up.
Can't turn on schedule
Tried to get to to work with Google home. Still not working
It really works.
No connection!
I have used it for a few years now.  Works great
If you know how to use electronics its petty simple.
Easy to install light switch. Will be adding more in the near future.
Good functionality, but lots of bugs.
Very convenient to be able to turn on &amp; off the lights from my phone.
Tp Link is much easier to set up and connect to Google home
I love the convenience. Makes my day a whole lot brighter.
The app does what it should...
It's on one day and not working for two days...not consistent
Not connecting!!!
Save your money
Works well!
it sucks ass!!
Working very well.
Great app and great product which turns on and off lights when needed.
Install worked on iOS app fine, but not Android app.
So far so good. Lots of updates. No major issues though.
Doesn't work!!!
Works well.  Good Thing to Have.
Won't detect devices
Like the convenience but sometimes hard to get your products in the store
East to install.
Better than the other options. Quality devices and app integration.
Easy to use and works well. Still has room for improvement.
Need more update
Super easy to set up and use.  We love it already.
Been using it for years. I love this app and technology
Works best with Node-red and home automation.
Easy to use and a great addition to our home automation
Simple and easy to use. 5 stars for a great app
Great way to turn on and off lights remotely!
always disconnect from network
It has become stable in the recent releases. Dependable
Hard to set up
It works great with Alexa! No problems here.
Great app. Provides peace of mind with my work schedule.
Works very well
It is what it is and it works for me
Great app works with our without Wi-Fi
This app needs work works when it feels like
Sucks canal water
Works, but setup should be much easier than it is.
Very good device to use when going out of town
If you set timers, I'd give it 5 ⭐
Very convenient, works exactly like described!
Excellent to program my Christmas tree. Easy install and use.
LG v20 and Alexa
Great app and features. Makes life fun and easy. Love it....
Sucks!!!
It's on one day and not working for two days...not consistent
Easy to use, very useful for the elderly parents.
Worked fine till I installed new router.
Works intermittently.
Works very well
Save your money
Works better on Google pixel than Nexus phone's
So far it works great. Both app and alexa
It does exactly what you advertise great job
Works pretty good.  Needs to support more secure passwords.
Great product, but need 3way switches!
Couldn't install
App is flakey
Works perfect 99% of the time really nice
Great app. Works with my Amazon Echo
East to install.
It Sucks.
Nice works with some adjustments but nice
It does what I need and simple to use.
Won't connect
Pretty decent for a cheap home automation setup
Easy setup and everything works great!
Great way to turn on and off lights remotely!
Always works perfectly for me. Thanks!
It's  so nifty and easy to use!
The device and the software work as expected,.
Works exactly as expected with an easy to use interface.
It works.
Not working.
After updated can't use any more
It's my favorite way of automating my home
Auto-off function exactly what I was looking for
Keep asking for update? What gives???
Rocks!
Works great with my Google home!
Effective keep you connected, reliable.
Great app and features. Makes life fun and easy. Love it....
Very easy to use. Itnuitive walkthrough setup.
Works good on my mr. Coffee machine
Very much improved compared to earlier versions.
Pretty much junk
Easy to installing thank you very much.
Fairly easy to use, good support online
Works for me.
Love it , mostly to find how efficient or appliances are!!
Would be awesome if it had a dimmer function.
Easy set up. Works perfect every time.
Amateurs !!
b'Works every time. Never had a problem ??'
The best app I've ever had
Love how it also works with my Amazon Echo.
Very simple and effective way to control an outlet.
App is flakey
Does what it says and easy to set up .
I am enjoy using wemo.
It Sucks.
The best, super easy to use
Works as advertised
Nice works with some adjustments but nice
I love it, great app, very reliable
Easy setup and everything works great!
It's  so nifty and easy to use!
The device and the software work as expected,.
It works.
Good produvt good app. Very stable.
The user experience within the
It's a great idea to have thank i
Simple basic program. Works as expected
Very simple to use and set up.
Works great and simple to set up.
Works great with my Google home!
Dont change your wifi password pain in the a$$
Works perfect for fishtanks when away from home
Effective keep you connected, reliable.
It is ok
Very easy to use. Itnuitive walkthrough setup.
A vital piece in home automation
Really Buggy
So easy to set up and use
Excellent product. Works great!
It is just great.  It works exactly as expected.
It works great in my home.
Love it , mostly to find how efficient or appliances are!!
It sucks, sucks, sucks
The best app I've ever had
Remote access sometimes work only