After recent update, some smart alex have sc....d the app. Earlier, it was very convenient to control smart home appliances and attach new devices. Now one can't find smart home tab and my devices tab etc. It is no more a controlling app as it used to be. Wonder why Amazon is doing this? And that too after we have bought the hardware. If it's not sorted out soon, I am planning to shift to Google home.
Never worked to control my ecobee3 with enabled skills. Initial setup was a pain as it was locked to US region initially. They should really have a basic and advanced mode to cater to different users. As a response to someone with Wi-Fi settings, you'd have to hold the command button for 6 seconds and it'll reinitialize the settings.
The app was slow and clunky to use, then they updated it. Now it's almost entirely unusable. I've seen glaciers they were faster. Everything has been shuffled around so it takes longer to get anywhere. And the user interface looks like it was designed by a grade school student.
Nothing special, you can review your echo commands, to do list, shopping list and other basic stuff. It needs widgets. Would be a huge perk to just one-tap my phone's home screen to open the shopping list or to-do list or connected devices, or any other echo related settings. Also, there needs to be a way to sort the lists. Alexa is the hot girl, and this app is her ugly friend. As powerful as Alexa is and how quickly She's learning new things it's a shame the companion app isn't growing as well. 10-2018 The latest updates to the device managers just gained a Star. Next, widgets please!
Rubbish buggy app searching stops you typing as it shows results with the first character and turns off keyboard Edit: Alexa will not link accounts to medion life + but Google home connected first go submitted bug report to Alexa hopefully Alexa is fixed but would not hold breath as Alexa is very slow at fixing bugs. At least I can use voice control using Google home app on my phone. These Aldi smart plugs are great value and work great with the life+ app and Google home. Just need Alexa to fix their buggy app and these will be awesome
Initially had difficulty setting up the Indian Skills for this device hut eventually figured out that the Kindle store settings had to be changed to Amazon.in to get the relevant content. The 3rd gen echo dot device works fine. However, the app is a bit slow. App needs more polishing. Integration with android should be improved so that casting tv shows from a particular app is possible via chromecast or fire stick. Current 3rd party workarounds are not smooth.
It consumpts %25 of my battery charge!! What the hell?! And it needs a full American accent and pretty fast to understand.there is no way to do it via writing e.g my address. It always says can't find it or didn't find it.its pretty stupid.it makes the whole transport skills useless. Useless
The latest update broke the app in many different ways. For example in the music player the three dots don't appear anymore which means you can't set favorite stations in TuneIn. If you select the middle option which lets you talk to Alexa via your phone, then the app starts crashing repeatedly and can only be fixed by disabling app permission to the microphone or reinstalling. In Xiaomi Mi Mix2S (and possibly other phones) you cannot create a widget. And so many more bugs...
The songs I had added to my playlist are getting phased out without warning. On contacting support I get to know that "Amazon music keeps updating the playlist". It is fine to add more songs to Amazon but why remove old ones that are in my playlist??? What a party pooper!!!!
I am using Vivo v11 Pro & recenlty I installed Alexa app. But it continuously getting crashed. I am having latest android version 8.1.0. Please let me know what can I do? I am not able configure alexa.
This app has a few bugs and needs some more features. I would like to see a bug where I can't add nicknames to the adult profile I share my Amazon family plan with. I can add a nickname to all my other contacts but I can't with that one! I also would like to see Alexa smartly know to switch profiles when someone connected to the device is talking. Asking Alexa to switch is not intuitive. Alexa will also read information for another user. I should only be able to access MY ACCOUNT!.. AND POSSIBLY MY CHILDREN. please also give users the option to add calendar events to multiple calenders. Again if my wife adds a event she should be able to add it to her Google calendar. You can only use one calendar right now if your apart of a Amazon household.
Ruined! The old app was bad enough, this is unusable - all I want is the ability to control an echo from another room, simple audio controls, chapter selection in audio books... can't find any of that :(
Update broke all of my devices. I arrived home yesterday, the app auto updated when i got to the wifi, then none of my devices can be controlled anymore. Alexa just says "Your device does not support this" or something similar. Completely broken update, completely broken my "Smart home"
It worked up until a few days ago, then the device wouldn't play sound at all. I tried to impair and repair, but it said "unable to disconnect," or "already connected to..."I have had my amazon echo dot for over a year, and I thus problem started yesterday. Then it stopped connecting to my phone altogether. Then I deleted and reinstalled to app when it wouldn't play music. When I reinstalled it, I realized there was a new update. I hoped that that would somehow make the device function properly, but the updated app is unusable. What saves it is that it used to work well.
*since the 10/10/18 update* this app uses a huge portion of my battery even when I haven't opened the app in days. Right now, I've only had my phone unplugged for 2 hours tops, and it's already down to 60% battery.my battery usage shows 20+% of power has been used by the Alexa App, which isn't even open, and the apps I've had open for long periods of time since are only sitting at 1% usage. My battery that normally lasts more than a full day on a single charge now only lasts 5hrs from full charge to empty.
I cannot get wifi settings with this new version. The alexa help is telling me to go to the menu but the wifi option does not exist anymore. Not sure who screwed up but they should really be ashamed for it! I hope they fix this soon. Not cool!
Completely useless when using with more than one echo device for streaming. Can not manage play lists across devices or groups. Developers appear to not own the product they're developing for. Amazon can surely do better. I can in my sleep.
The calling feature is an interesting addition, however, I've had two issues with the new app. 1. When making a call, there was a lot of echoing. Voices were crystal clear, but full of echoing. 2. As stated elsewhere, you should not have to provide the Alexa app full access to your contacts, and you definitely shouldn't need to in order to continue using the app for all the functionality previous to the calling upgrade. Friends I've talked to already have said they'll stop using Alexa completely if the contacts requirement isn't dropped. Can anyone from Amazon comment?
Well I thought I was alone, seems I'm not. Since the update my Echo and Dot keep saying "Sorry I'm having trouble understanding at the moment". As for "easier to connect now",it took five attempts for my Echo and nine for the Dot to get them reconnected! I dare say by the time I get home tonight they'll be disconnected again. For a company who don't seem to pay HMRC very much you'd think they could afford the best developers.
Horrible security on this app. Will not interoperate with a password manager, will not accept passwords or usernames pasted from clipboard, will not run in split screen mode. This forces the user to use a simple password that can be typed in. None of this is best practice. Avoid this app if you can. Unfortunately, this is the only way available to configure a Dot device.
b'Initial set up was tricky. When I got it connected and read all the info with a few visits to YouTube, I was able to make it work just fine. Pretty neat...???? Fantastic!'
This app used to work great, not sure what happened but freezes constantly, can't find some options previously had and it just doesn't seem to be working at all. The app is useless at this point. Please fix ASAP!
After the recent update there are issues in discovering the smart home devices... Very bad of amazon as it has caused lot of inconvenience and wastage of time to trouble shoot the smart home devices... Hope it is fixed soon...
If it's not broken, why try to fix it???? Please add all you want but leave the old layout and access to areas as it was. Its a mess now.
I wish i had bought google home first, its better in quality and has much more features. Alexa on other hand is full of problems and demands money for everything.
Very bad app. Nothing work properly, even I am not able to add contact. Gonna to return my echo devices.
It's glitchy especially when trying to access devices eg to get them back online if they have lost connection or just stopped, otherwise it's OK
I have 3 echoes, and I'm so sick and tired of not having follow up mode. Amazon treating us UK customers as second class citizens.
Laggy or locks up. Please fix Amazon. Also need more dashboard controls for volume on Echo.
I like the Smart Home update. But it needs an additional feature to win me over completely. The simple on/off control isn't enough. We have devices that also dim, we need to be able to do that in the app. I have "plugs" & "switches" that are both dimmers and simple on-off switches. The app needs to be tweaked to reflect that. Pixel XL Pie
The Amazon Echo is a incredible device I have had one for 10 months now and it gets better as time go by. I am happy I made this purchase and I'm so excited and satisfied with my echo Alexa. Update. Wow Alexa has grown (3 years later). I now have a echo plus with a hub to control my smart devices. This is easier, I love it. Waiting for the new subwoofer.
First, Alexa does not understand names of international songs or international accents. Second, the app does not make it easy to search for songs on Amazon music. Infact there is no search functionality! How ridiculous! This is the stupidest user experience for any app i have used.
Severely limited in user interface. Once you add a device or name you'll have it for life.
Just updated the app and the buttons are unresponsive (takes tens of seconds to wait for the app to recognise you've pressed a button). It is now nigh on useless
Connecting Amazon official devices can be a pain. Amazon smart plugs won't even connect.
This app worked great, someone had the grand idea of completely "re-imagining" the interface and now it is slow, clunky, and the device controls (volume, stream selection) seem to have disappeared entirely. I do not understand the benefit of the updates, and really don't have time to completely relearn how to operate the app and control the devices every time an update is released.
It would be better if Amazon Music didn't suck and Alexa didn't prioritize it. I have my preferred services set up under the Alexa app but it still goes straight to Amazon Music when you ask her to play a specific song, then Amazon music pulls out some unheard of version of the song, or a cover by another artist, or some bs that didn't relate to what you asked for at all. Very frustrating. Amazon Music's library is apparently VERY limited, yet they push it every time I request a song. Why would I pay premium for a service when the "free" version pisses me off so badly?!? Most people try to offer their best in a trial format, if this is Amazon Music's best? Do. Not. Want.
Challenging for the slowest app on my phone. Must get some rubbish priority on AWS. Poor utility for the Echo service which is decent on the dot itself.
This app has resulted extremely slow lately. Looks like Amazon has to hire better app developers yo enhance the user experience
The app crashes in my Mi Note 5 pro. I bought such expensive Alexa and i cannot use because app crashes
Its alright when it actually connects to the device. shoul just have it connect through bluetooth and wish it would save the setting instead of havng to connect to wifi every time like not be so dependent on the phone just connect by itself and have the phone as a way to personalize the device its pretty fun to use other than im a line cook and use it at work so its nice being able to use it hands free
What a abomination of software coding! Slow and bloated to hell and back. Hire someone who knows how to code. This is embarrassing for Amazon to release this app in this condition.
This app used to work, but now it crashes as soon as I load it. It is completely unusable.
What has happened with this update?! I'm trying to connect my new dot after having an echo and the app keeps getting stuck on "finding device" and doesn't get any further. Therefore can't connect my dot and full contemplating just sending it all back! Help instructions all point to finding Wi-Fi setting I the app which no longer exist. This is shocking and needs to be fixed immediately!
This latest update is horrific. I used to be able to find playlists with ease. Now it's not clear
After update it is killing my battery life, 30% use in 8hrs
Unable to connect to echo dot in easy way. It is not user friendly
Each time u issue an update it causes internet connection upset and my alexa quits working. It takes hours to try figure out how to bring Alexa back on line
New update has much better UI and support for multiple speaker groups, but is much much slower than the old app.
I loathe the latest update changes on Echo Show. Clickbait garbage, my timers are now barely visible in the top right corner, the home screen layout and UI is terrible.
The app crashes just after a few seconds from opening every single damn time!!! I am not able to set up my echo reply urgently or otherwise i have to return the product!!
Latest update seems to cause a very high battery drain
A poor app overall. Everything Amazon does, except shopping, is inferior to Google. Does not even cast music to Alexa properly. Regret my purchase of Echo
GUI is confusing and Alexa setup was difficult. Had to reload the app 3x to get to complete the Alexa installation. App got hung up often
Since last update app is totally broken and lame, did you all test this prior to release? Does not appear that you did. Music is non-existent, "app does not support" on all services that are germane to my account which includes my music library. Someone cut a critical piece of the code out of the app and just chucked it to the side, please FIX!!!! Oh and when you think that you have it fixed, please test it.
The UK version of this app still can't do as much as the US version. New features are often illustrated in the American tech press which just are not available to the UK. It's a small world! Maybe one day?
The app is so slow and also the response of the app in One plus 5 .Think Google is purposely slowing down this app to sell Google home etc.
Tried multiple times to set up my echo dot but it won't work
I am hopelessly trying to connect alexa to mobile since last 2-3 days. No success. Seems I have to return the product.
I dont see how to manage the volume on my amazon echo's with this app as I had previously been able too
Keeps on crashing... Most importantly can't add contacts.. some bug or whatever.. the app sucks but the device rocks
Terrible. Did not expect this from amazon. The app keeps crashing whenever I get a call on the app from alexa
It is not going to another book from my kindle after completing one. Not even recognising voice.
Earlier it was working very well, but this app has been frequently crashing for last 10 days...
gotta love an alexa app that promises and delivers!! though through 3 or 4 updates the past few days.its doing its job once again!
Why does this app use more battery than any other app I use. I need to force stop it after I use it.
Had to go to website to add another adult to my household. In the App it wouldn't progress past pass phone to new user. Now added via laptop. Other than that loving it!!!!
you need to bump up your app game alongside your echo lineup. currently the app is not okay at all. I have downloaded it twice but it is crashing again and again. not sure how to work out with my echo dot if not an app
Link with amazon music worthless...link with phone to control alexa worthless...bring bqck prior version
After logging in, it gives the buttons and the middle is blank, it freezes, then exits like before
Love the new UI for the smart home devices. Is there any plans to a home screen widget integration. I love having it right on the home screen so that I don't have to open apps.
The new update is killing my battery 30% faster.
Does not let Canadians to control Xbox with alexa. Discrimination!
Slow, ugly and doesn't do the job .. the developers should be fired!
Update won't let you set up a new device. It says to "return to Alexa app after connecting manually," but when you return to the app it is still on that same screen. Pixel 2XL android 9.0
App is very slow.. all options here respond very slow
Really slow. Being trying to register for about 4 hours
It is awful This is the stuff to get on people's nerves
Crashes and Crashes, becomes unresponsive, and freezes then becomes unresponsive and the crashes again.
Completely non-responsive since last update
Please fix the skills section.. when we go to the skills section. There should be a button on the top right OR somewhere where we can see our ALREADY INSTALLED skills. Please and thank you.
Very third class app . In this app problem to login
Very slow and functional features are not supportive.
The last update on the echo show makes the clock and temperature small can't even see it
Has problem pairing with Echo on day one.
crashes alot and doesn't setup echo dot
Since the update paired devices are constantly unresponsive
Get it together Amazon, you're big enough to create a decent app that works and updates don't screw it up.
I am using this app for the first time and am excited to see all the things it can help us with.
Hey.. Where are the rest of the settings? .... another update and I can't change location or language?
Latest update is broken, please fix
There was a problem But not a problem But anything do
After upgrade keeps crashing by startup
New release doesn't allow me to individually control device volume in a group!
Shuffling an album defaults to random Alexa device instead of giving a selection of devices.
This app has a hell lot of bugs, Please debug this app, this app is in a critical need of a debug update.
Spotify doesn't allow me to log in and settings are too hard to find.
Bit dyslexic like me
App crashes very frequently
Was good, latest update has completely destroyed any usefulness.
a most have for your smart home. . just get it ..
App force closed on my device...runs on miui device is poco f1
Gets better with each update. 5 stars. Shortcut widgets would be awesome in the future updates.
Used to work great, constantly crashes now.
When it works it is awesome right now not working.
Keeps continously hanging on my mobile
It's a really nice app to make your Alexa experience even better
b'New update is sucks ??'
Gud but hanging a lot
No otp received to login
Its buggy app
Best of all, it finds my cell phone!
Force stop sometimes Link gaana which is best..
It's ok
Had Alexa from the start. Love it!
My be present and I'm loving it for sure!!!
I really like using the app
Keeps crashing
Much improved
Good one, nice to speak to her.....
I love it!
Mind blowing app
Great user interface
We love Alexa
Hard to work with android
This is awesome app
Good job
Beckett
Giid
Its good
good
Excellent
Awesome
Kills the battery on my LG G5 in 1 hr as it runs in the background while using Amazon Music app. I didn't even start the Alexa, to be clear. Have to actually force stop the Alexa app to give relief to the battery drain. Also made the user experience extremely laggy. I have to wait around 15-20 seconds before I can do anything on the app. Please fix asap!
The Sept 2018 update is terrible. I no longer have remote control of my echo devices. I used to be able to see what's playing on each, adjust the volume, stop it after some time with having to walk into the kids' rooms. Not that's all gone or hidden. It's dumbed down to the point of being unusable.
This update seems to have caused the app to no longer work. No matter what I touch nothing can be controlled. I would have thought major testing was completed to minimize customer interruption before implementation but I seem to have been incorrect. Remember this, other technologies by other vendors are more mainstream and available therefore, moments like this could serve to begin thoughts of moving to them.
What have you done??Trying to connect my echo to a new wifi source and it will no longer connect through the app - just hangs trying to open wifi list. App used to work like a dream. Right now I have an echo paperweight sitting in my room!
This latest release just ruined it for me! I used to be able to control, fom my phone, the music playing on my young son's echo spot up in his room, as well as the volume of the device and the history of what he has played and commanded Alexa. As far as I can tell (after trying for an hour), I am no longer able to do any of these things. This update ruined the app for me. I have very limited need for it anymore. Very disappointed.
Lastest update is not an improvement for listening to music. Prior version had a tab for player, queue, and history. Tabs are gone now. The functionality is still there, but is less accessible. Additionally, history switched from a vertical scroll to horizontal. So instead of seeing a dozen songs in the history, you see 3. The extra space is used for your book library. It makes no sense to me why books and music would be displayed on the same screen. They seem like two completely exclusive activities to me, and should have their own dedicated spaces. A great function to add would be a music search by song or artist (type in) for occasions where i am not in position to scream requests to Alexa. It would be nice to send songs to alexa from the amazon app that are echo ready.
WOW! The undevelopers really screwed this up. Not only is my library too large to be able to shuffle on any Echo device or Amazon android and iOS app (again), but now this app is useless. It took a year to fix this last time, let's see how long the undevelopers take this time. I've invested time and money into the Amazon ecosystem, when will it all be stable enough to that I can depend on it to work?
Sorry but this latest "improvement" has ruined the app. The experience is now buggy/laggy. I can't sort out my groups because none of my smart tech seems to be showing. Only Alexa devices. This is just the experience I'm coming to expect from Amazon. Everything had been degrading for years. I've left amazon prime I'm soon to ditch Alexa if they don't sort this all out!
The latest version has a nicer looking interface for smart devices but sadly it doesnt work. Specifically, the tiles for operating grouped devices ( in my case smart plugs) don't display the on/off buttons when they first appear. Only after accessing and switching the individual components first do they show up. This happens every time the app is launched. Voice control does seem to work.
The newest version with the redesigned interface is completely unstable and unusable. It crashes constantly. Can hardly keep it open for 5 seconds before it crashes. The built in Alexa doesn't work. When you click on the button, it ask for access to your microphone and that is the end of it. Each subsequent click makes the bottom bar buttons disappear, replaced by a solid blue colored bottom bar and the entire app freezes and has to be force shutdown.
More feedback on this App and Alexa generally. The App freezes on Android. Alexa Echo will link to Spotify one day and then not play the next. I have to repeatedly unlink and then relink Spotify premium. Not sure the App and Amazon Echo are fit for purpose. Avoid.
As of today I can no longer control any smart devices by voice or alexa app on phone. I can only do it via the smart life app. Even though alexa app shows devices turning off and on, they do not, same with voice control, it makes the sound as though successful but nothing actually happens. Please CHANGE TO PREVIOUS VERSION!!
I liked this app until the recent update. It's not nearly as intuitive. My main issue is that I can no longer easily control the volume of each device (since kids mess with them). It's good to be able to adjust volume from each device from the app. It's also not as easy to find the different music options (browse is in small print) and things seem to move slowly. Hopefully this will be worked out soon.
Rubbish update......cannot control music/volume settings via phone. Agree with other reviewers, the developers have made the app worst not better. Please please please undo the update and let us have the music player back.....was simple but effective.
Forcing the UI to be always portrait mode sucks looks much nicer and was easier to use on tablets with landscape option. And installing software without consent and no way to opt out of the messaging service is an epic fail just like facebook messenger
Of all my alexa devices. the echo show itself has a software issue it responds to no wake words from my tv then say I don't know about that. If it recognizes a word it will respond with reply? Puzzling
I'm falling in love with Google. Alexa can be more fun but all three of my devices are starting to die. She is bloody stupid, unimaginative, infuriating, hypocritical, yet pronounces foreign phrases better when in the mood.
I wish I tried the app on my mobile before buying echo. I was better happy with Google Assistant. This app really can't do more than selling you Amazon products. It's buggy and I am really disappointed.
Rubbish. Scenes no longer work since the last update and it's still as slow. Sort it out again. Also enable follow up mode. You Yankee lover.
This new update is terrible. It takes forever for me to be able to play music on my kids dots. I gave had them grouped for months with no problem. Now every time I go to play the music(I have 3 new steps take thanks to the update) it changes the device I am trying to play on. It also won't let me select the group. I have been with Alexa since the begining and am now contemplating chucking all 6 devices and going Google!
The update means while my Echo can connect to the Amazon WiFi for set up, the app can't. So my WiFi is fine, my Echo is working, but I can't get it to do anything until I can make them talk to each other. The app searches for and finds Amazon WiFi, btw, but "internet is not available" when it connects. Utterly useless.
Absolutely rubbish we wanted to use music multi room but the app doesn't have this function anymore. Amazon sort your stuff out or we will have to return the items as not being fit for purpose. We where sold three units saying we can play music on all three at the same time we have tried to set this up but can't so not happy I have a month to return these and if they won't work together by then I will have to return all three as have been missold items what don't do what you say they do!!!
Don't try and fix something that's not broken! Since the update I can't do half the things I previously could. I can't seem to go to individual Alexa devices and control the music being played on them. Previously I could pick the echo dot in my daughters nursury room, for example, and stop music i had playing to from the app.. Sometimes you just don't want to talk to Alexa, like when someone is sleeping and you don't want to disturb them. Roll it back to the previous version you guys really have messed it up.
Having a ton of difficulty updating device settings. Im fairly tech savvy and have 6 echo devices but it say aloud "device connected" but the Alexa app will keep spinning forever. Ugh
You took away the option to see past songs played when using Pandora. So I can't go back and place songs on the shelf on that I'm sick of nor can I thumbs down songs that have already played anymore. Fix it.
UPDATE: for all of you no longer being able to voice control your devices you need to delete them and rediscover. Can no longer control my Alexa enabled devices with the latest update...... Thanks for pretty much bricking my echo as it's useless now!
It's good. But I wish the cards of the things you have asked about had time streams right next to them. Great for when your cooking multiple things and forget to give the timers labels.
It takes so much of my time. Still need enhancement . Call works only on phone contacts. I moved contacts from mail to phone. Still loads old data. Really useless
b"Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse Amazon will always try and prove you wrong! Seriously wondering if Amazon are paying for some of the 4\xe2\xad\x90 reviews on Google Play as the comments simply don't represent reality!"
The update made managing music playing from specific devices much more complicated. There used to be a tab at the bottom with bars to be able to select a device and play music from it remotely, without even being near it. Now I don't know if this feature even exists, and if it does, it's way too hard to find. I can't see my music history for each device which was GOLDEN for controlling my toddler's nighttime music/ambient noise. Way to ruin a good thing, I literally have no use for the device in her room anymore since Alexa can't even find it with me verbalizing it to her... I hope everyone who was responsible for this update gets swiftly replaced.
So much effort into an app redesign and I still can set alarms for my echo spot using the app. Lame
The latest update has made it impossible to change the WiFi network for an echo device. Even after resetting the echo and deregistering it to start fresh, it hangs on the device search screen. Maybe try testing your updates next time.
UI is weak, my personal library keeps getting buried amidst new options, it constantly plays from the wrong device, and it eats battery power. I have to force stop the app after using if I don't want my phone to die.
Amazon team really you make this app ? I am really disappointed with this app please hire some good developers for create Alexa app & if you have no time for this app than I am ready to redesign this app in free because I am developer & i know it's not big deal to redesign this app so please hire some good developers & update this app
large, laggy and can not copy text and links supplied by alexa. . Still laggy large on all devices. And still behind on services that are available in us. I like alexa but not her app. Still laggy
I love my Echo, but, lately, Alexa is pissing me off! After the latest updates, I can't get Alexa to play an entire album. She plays the first song, and then stops! I've used the app on my phone and voice commands, but it isn't working anymore! Fix it!
Update is horrible. Every update gets worse. Looks like a hot mess made love to an undecided hot mess. Can't find anything easily, changing between devices is a nightmare, overall just garbage
What the heck did you people do to the app!! I'm the one who ONLY used Alexa to fall asleep to music (can't sleep in a dead quiet room). I would just go to history (the play tab on the bottom) and see everything I had played prior. I would press the one I wanted (instead of having to say it, as saying what I want in the middle of the night will wake up my wife) and I can NO LONGER DO THIS!! Plus, every so often, the music just stops! I would find what I had playing and hit play to restart it. Now I can't do that. I have to SAY IT (again, not good to do so in the middle of the night). The only things it shows is the songs I added to "my music" and played prior. It no longer shows the songs (or sounds I asked to play from Prime). PLEASE bring back the old app! Didn't anyone ever tell you tech geniuses to not fix or mess with what isn't broken!! EDIT: Another stupid part of the update? The repeat tab you can one use to repeat the song all night no longer works on the app. I highlighted it, yet the song plays once and goes to the next song. I will have to literally say it now (not convenient when your spouse is sleeping in the room and can wake them by talking to the device). Fix this app people!!
Slow, buggy, poorly arranged, very little help available. Barely functional for managing echo devices. Feel like I'm a beta tester for grade school programmers.
Smart home functionality has been removed... used to use this when going to bed so as not to have to talk to alexa and wake kids... now have to use the hue app... not pleased.
I haven't even opened the app once today and in the past 3 hours it's used 6% of my battery life. This should not be running in the background like this and draining battery life.
Latest update is a total mess. Confusing, slow and weird. The previous Alexa app was never brilliant but despite its clunkiness, it was logical. This is awful.
I wish it could integrate with the Fire TV in India. It is sad that a massive market like India is still treated like a second grade space.
New annoucement feature for Ring cameras is broadcasting the message for all Alexas in the house, which is very annoying. Could the announcement be tied to selected Alexa like it's done in Routines section?
The new update has a cool new look but they took out the main functions of it like being able to control the volume from the several alexa devices. Just bring back the older version please
Some bug! Amazon Alexa keeps stopping. Please fix!You can never go back to the playlist u heard before :( sad that once u start playing it will play all over again!
Won't let me set up even half the features Alexa is supposed to have; no Spotify, no smart home devices, can't even set where I want the weather forecast from
The new version essentially removed the music section. No long can you browse playlists or search for stations. This new app makes it impossible to listen to the music that I want.
Please undo the update!! It has rendered the app nearly useless. No longer can I figure out how to control volume via the app (important for kids for obvious reasons). Please!?! Just go back to the prior version.
What the hell did you guys do? The way working perfectly and now you messed it all up! Nothing works! For all the money I spent on Alexa devices I expect this app to work
Would love the ability to control things like canceling alarms via the app. Hate having to go to another room to cancel a reminder
This app is useless. Doesn't react to my voice. Very poor.
What happened to the Alexa app? I can no longer use the app on my phone to control the Echo Dots in my children's rooms. Not acceptable.
Better than the last one .The next one will I'm sure will improve on this one. One gripe still no books that are for the UK system.
The home page doesn't work, and the app uses up 20% of my phone's battery even when I'm not even using it. Ridiculous.
Really hate this app. It's slow and everything is so spread out it takes me ages to find what im looking for.
It works fine but I'm bugged that the new update makes it so I have multiple pages and icons to click just to get to one switch if I don't want to turn a whole group on or off
After the last update, the application became useless. It works hard, hard, it blocks and the interface is terrible! Please return to the original version of the application.
Cannot find new echo devices. Crashes halfway through manual set up and freezes.
Pretty difficult to navigate, play-back controls not functional. Pretty craptastic app, really.
Update has rendered my smart devices useless! I can no longer control any of my devices that are not Echo's. Not impressed!!!
Very buggy, not user friendly crashes and ohh yeah did I mention buggy
Was working fine, now completly broke. Echo stopped working and cant connect to it to fix it
Since the update controlling my lights with the app has been shocking no problems before and no problems with the voice control on my echo. Interface is much better than the previous app but doesn't work.
It's slow as molasses... Alexa is a dummy. Wish I would have bought Google Home!!!
Recently moved house, and the updated app won't allow me to connect to my echo dot to change its WiFi or anything. Rendered my product entirely unusable until at least the next update. Very unimpressed.
Last update ruined it all. Nothing works! Great job Amazon!
Lacking features with routines: can't name then, can't sort them, all with limited functionality... Bad for an this old from a big company.
New update is a total pain voice search keeps jumping in the background and it's annoying get it fixed
This update makes the application nearly unusable. It's slower than the previous version. I don't know where my plugs are. It categorizes things based on name and not how you originally grouped them.
Bought Alexa Remote but am unable to pair with the latest interface update. I checked the help pages and it says to click device and pair but there is no pair option in the most recent update. Go to settings was not reconized but Alexa as well.
This latest update is slower, makes it harder to find my devices, and is a huge battery hog.
Latest update makes the app take a long time to load (if it does) and never updates lists until an hour later. And im sorry but i hate the fluffed up look of it all. Can you please add themes so i can bring the old cleaner look
Really bad update, smart home functions now unusable due to horrendous lag
OH! What the hell did you clowns do?! This is awful. Can no longer adjust the brightness of my lights, wicked buggy. Put the old version back, perverts!
Ever since the new update, I couldn't update my wi-fi connection. It just says "internet may not be available". Not helpful at all. The "Echo Paperweight" review is right.
Every thing that Worked before don't work now. It sucks
After updating this app my Show will no longer show my Ring Pro video feed. Used that more than anything else.
Prior to the most recent update, the features available, especially when interacting with various devices, were great. Now, they've taken those features away.
Don't expect an option to have it only recognize your voice. It's not that smart. It sometimes has troubles turning on and off a light
Latest update killed it... app now does nothing... just blank pages.. Struggled to even cancel the tip about the new function for handling devices.
In Redmi note 5 while we allow the micro phone, the app stops working Please do fix it .
Everytime they update it gets worse. Regret getting an Alexa at this point.
Now the app keeps starting itself even after it is force closed. This needs to be fixed so it does not keep running in the background.
When I go into contacts there is not the option to import as suggested in online guides. This makes my new echo echo pretty useless
After the update i cannot find how do to the one thing I used the app for, I want to be able to easily turn off my devices from my phone. Now I can no longer do that.
It is so frustraiting that the app keeps closing and doed no let me do anyting. I can not use it!!!
I like the new interface better but if I use this app my battery gets KILLED unless I restart my phone afterward.
Not optimal for use on a tablet. Updates won't download and I cannot use the app even though it lives on my tablet.
Crashes in a fraction of second. Unable to connect and use Alexa. Major disappointment.
Bloated app, takes up so much space on my phone.
I hate this update. I can't set up my dot now.
Every time that Amazon updates this app they break my smart home connections and I have to redo everything. Seriously ready to switch to Google if ya'll can't get your stuff together
I'm disabled, this app and the hardware makes my life so much easier.
Awful, won't work, learn its location, update with newer phones.
New update is terrible. None of my smart home plugs are voice controlled now!
Crashes in redmi note 5 pro only button that is enabled is send crash report
Since the update, my smart home devices are not working properly. Please fix this!
I set times quite frequently but since the last update I can't see the timer in the app, only know the time left if I ask Alexa. Please fix this.
HMG... app not at all responding what should I do pl respond immediately
Ok, does what it does, but marked down as UK still does not have follow up mode! Why?
App doesnt work. Clicking on anything and the app just freezes or doesnt respond.
Constantly freezes, complete garbage
Well....I don't have an echo yet but I wanted to set other things up like linking my TV to Alexa....the app just keeps bringing me back to the set up scree asking me to set up either the app or echo...
First app review. Fix it, it crashes and takes far to long to respond, act like a competent company, JEFF.
It is very helpful for reminders, automating lights and heat in my home and has a lot of fun skills like telling jokes and playing games.
Why can't we use one alexa to turn a timer or alarm off from a second alexa?
I really like the updated UI. It needs to be tweaked a little, but is already superior to the previous design. No major bugs, everything works as before.
Alexa refuses to play music from my spotify was working flawlessly until last week.
Not so good with Phillips hue light integration.
App drains my battery life when running in background
Needs to be able to add contacts without me giving Amazon access to EVERYONE I know. Also sunrise and sunset setting for routines
Updated app does not let me control music on each device like before
App update killed my wifi outlets
I hope the bug fixes work. I have several dots and love the service when the app works
Smart home stopped working with the latest update. Just adding my voice to the multitudes. Do you guys test this stuff?
Playing Spotify doesn't work very well
Just bought echo and wont even connect to my wifi, refund will be happening. Make a app that works with products seriously
Honestly it came on my phone as a standard app and iv tryed using it multiple times but it never works like its supposed to on my phone hopefully this latest update fixes the issues iv been having with it for the last several months but I doubt it I'll keep trying it with hope in my heart though because Im at least able to get it to access my kindle every once in awhile and though that may be the only function that has ever actually worked for me I hope to eventually be able to enjoy the other functions
What on earth have you Done.....can no longer use my smartphone to control/change settings totally useless update
Does not work on wifi change anymore
I cannot change the internet settings, nor connect my phone to the device anymore. Change it back please
Alexa is Number One. Numero Uno. The Big Cheese. The Big Kahuna. The Head Honcho. The Top Dog. - - - My good friend.
Was great but just updated now nothing works.
On fourth attempt to make this pos work
lastest update broke my smart home setting
Sorting is getting better thank you
Love the new SmartHome layout. I can now see an overall status of my devices without having to click on the individuallly.
App is HORRIBLE after latest update!!
Since the update. I can't reset my WiFi password for my echo dot.
Draining my phone battery fast!
Who the hell asked you to put a permanent notification?
It just doesn't work.
I just purchased 3rd gen. Echo dot. No provision echo dot connecting to bluetooth speaker
Broke lighting groups. Useless.
Travel update don't work
Audible....does not exist....can't add app that I want have to conform to what they want me to have.....is not audible a amazon product ?
Love the new UI - it is a little laggy but it always was before....
Wifi settings is not showing up under Settings. WHERE IS WIFI SETUP?
Continue to be amazed at the things you can learn and due with Alexa
This app is awesome! I love the way it is now set up with everything in a category! Great way to simplify your life!
This latest update is excellent. So much easier to use and well organized.
Update broke smart life plugs
The Alexa app really helped me throught the journey that i experienced with my Alexa. Thank You Amazon
App continuously keeps crashing
It sucks it doesn't sync with my WiFi or phone
App performance is not good
App is extremely slow and laggy
last update not good I liked the old one
Update caused it to stop listing my devices. They no longer show up in the app.
Keeps crashing since update . Had potential to be fantastic
Can't setup new device. Had to use an iPhone
Use Alexa multiple times daily!
And this is only the beginning guys!!
It's for my husbands echo show
The update blows
Finally available in Canada !
Crashes repeatedly.....crazy
Everyone should have a Alexa
New update is horrible
Not able to use
Buggy and annoyingly inconsistent
Like it alot!
Much better UI and way more responsive than last version
Can't connect Alexa and no correct instructions available.
UI sicks. please adopt Googles material design
Great I love using the app it's quick and easy
There should be easier way handle all the tabs
Nice I like the update keep the good work
It's okay
I like it.
This aap Is too good
Great but make Alexa better
Very buggy. Short on functionality in Canada.
Not worth it
Getting better all the time!
Keeps freezing
Awesome device with the help of this app
This is the best technology ever...
Nice so far
SUPER
Sucks
b'??'
Useful app
Good app
Umm....Good
Love it
So here we go again. Another app redesigned and forced apon us without giving a good test. New app from October 2018 is sluggish at best and not user friendly! Not the sort of change that would convince me to pay for the monthly unlimited rather will send me running to other music services. Also why does voice command send it to the amazon app to play on my phone and not the Alexa device when using Alexa app. That's just ideodic.
Even more broken after latest update. Changing the WiFi connection of an echo device relies on the app detecting being brought to foreground after a direct WiFi connection to the device. This doesn't work on Oreo so you get stuck on a wizard screen. The old workaround used to be to factory reset the device and add it as a new one. This no longer works as adding a device via Bluetooth now also seems to be broken. It's all very well updating the look & feel of the app, Amazon, but surely you could fix fundamental bugs while you're at it? Without being able to connect devices, this app is useless. I was hoping Amazon would improve portability of echo devices as it's always been a pain, but instead they've gone the other way and essentially bricked them completely.
Garbage app. You'd think they could make a decent application. It's 2018 yet I it's a huge process to just connect my echo to the internet. You're smarter than this.
I really like the new theme but the one thing that lets me down all the time is that you've got to have your language set to your local language, else skills and allot more features won't work.
Although the update looked promising, it is extremely buggy. Also playing Spotify on both of my echos suddenly stopped working. Accessing the settings through the app is not working due to bugs.
'stopped working' everytime I go near it, used to work, it's the new update. Using an Oreo android phone too.
Delighted that the update has come through. The app has gone from useless to good. Thanks for listening Amazon. Nice to be back working again :)
Update: Nettes neues GUI, hilft nur leider nichts, wenn die App 5 Sekunden später abstürzt. Die App funktioniert immer besser und auch der Funktionsumfang wird stets erweitert. Die Anbindung mit IKEA Trådfri klappt seit dem letzten Update wunderbar. Lediglich die Musikauswahl via Alexa App ist eine Katastrophe: viel zu langsam, kein Suchfeld, sehr instabil. Ansonsten 5*
Multi room music has stopped working since the update
Truly awful. Stops playing randomly. Voice interface for resuming is unusable.
New update on Oct 5th does not show non Alexa devices
Can't connect Echo with phone through app, instructions are worthless.
I Love using those Hub Devices like the lights which is so Practical and very useful. Music is just for the asking !! Recommend this.
App crashing continuously..
Why is it so slow to respond
New Update is awesome
Excellent!!
I've had Alexa for a few years and she is great
It works good enough. Like it
junk app
Good apps but changes
Love the new ui!
Love Alexa and everything about it.
Good!
Greatest
Awsome
Nice
Works well to connect all my amazon devices and smart plugs. My only problem with it is the shopping list. I'd like to be able to arrange the items in the list after I add them. I add them by voice throughout the week randomly when I notice I need something. I'd like to be able to go back into the app and arrange to my stores layout for faster shopping. Also the app is slow to open up sometimes. But you need it for alexa so whatcha gonna do.
App is very clunky. Press a button, wait too long for a response. Press back to go to previous page and it goes back to the top - not where you were previously on the page. If you set an alarm via voice command, then set an alarm for the same time on another occasion you get multiple alarms in the app for the same time. Deleting them takes ages as the app is so slow. Could be so much better, and from Amazon I would expect more.
The Echo family of devices are fantastic; but this companion app, while functional, has major UX issues. The UX is clunky, inconsistent, and the UI is quite laggy. For multiple reasons I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY wish I could dismiss individual cards just by swiping them away. Please keep those improvements coming!
Spent over an hour trying to connect this stupid thing and it won't connect or find the device. No pages in the app come up when when I'm in the amazon Wi-Fi like it makes me go to.. So I go back to my regular Wi-Fi so i can read the stupid help page which has no info regarding the problem it give a me. It just has me go in circles with same direction of switching Wi-Fi settings which does nothing to get this thing working. Waste of money and time !!
Difficult to use and very buggy. Most skills are essentially useless--how many trivia games do we need? And many of the useful ones barely work, but only if you word the command with exactly the right syntax. Even then, there are frequent failures that require fiddling with the settings to get it working again.
Could not update app kept getting error 505, uninstalled app to see if it rectified the fault if I reinstalled but now can't reinstall app as still getting error 505 this is on Huawei 9. Update to my previous review, after many attempts and a lot of emails over a 3 week period to Amazon customer services with no success I eventually spoke to a guy at Amazon who sorted the problem out within 5 minutes, all is good now. Shame others in Amazon customer services were not as clued up.
Well, I downloaded the updated version of the app hoping to try out the new messaging feature, but I guess my phone isn't compatible or something. I don't even have the icon in my version. That sucks! At least the app looks and works better than the old version.
Used to work fine for controlling / monitoring Echo/Dot. Now frequent crash /issues on MIUI 10. When it does work, pressing Alexa icon freezes the app, icon bar disappears. Alexa doesn't show up in notification pane. Have tried reset/reinstall, problems persist. Please fix.
I thought the app was ok, though it was a bit of a learning curve.. however after update, drop-in and calling no longer works with my Note 9.. also doesn't work on my S7 Edge. I have called Amazon and have a ticket open. No one had been able to help. I believe it is the app.
Use my 5 Echo's daily. Echo Show NEEDS ability to run YouTube. Get an agreement. Customers should come first. Should allow basic phone dialing without having to put my phone number (or contacts) in cloud. Privacy issue. Should be user configurable.
Not usual Amazon quality... I love Amazon products I have prime and I also have Alexa. Alexa is a good product however as other reviewers say it's very strange the accompanying app is so slow and limited. More controls are definitely needed and yes the load time is almost a bug it takes so long....
This app is unbelievably slow. Why? I hate having to open it to look at my lists or look for music station ideas. I would have thought after Alexa being out for so long they would have made the app better
Alexa herself works well, but I'm terms of music you can have with her it's a scam. In the past few months they have taken tons of music off of the app and u less you pay EXTRA there is pretty kuch no point to having this device
Not up to date with note 9. I cannot sync with the echo dot. Took the longest time setting up with the Amazon-xxx wifi and then I cannot connect to my own wifi after that step. Ive tried every troubleshooting step under the sun. Please help and fix
The Alexa ecosystem is on a downward slide. Everyday she recognizes fewer and fewer commands and apparently poorly designed third party devices can almost render Alexa all but useless. Commands I had used for years have suddenly stopped working and I have to learn new, less convenient ways of stating the command, usually failing several times, before it will understand me. Seemingly simple and obvious functionality is still not available and I'm just over it I guess. Going to post all my Alexa devices on Craigslist soon.
I love this app and I love alexa so much as she helps out a lot more than what I normally would expect. Alexa is so lovely and blessed my heart and soul with everything that she says. I had no problems from her what's so ever and she done everything that I had told her to. I wouldn't like to live with out her now as she's such an good echo and will be planning to get more in for each of my rooms as I had fallen in love with her. Amazon echo has my custom for these devices. I can say thank you to all the staff for making Alexa as she's such an good echo and the best thing that came into my life and to my way. KEEP UP WITH A WONDERFUL THING THAT YOU'VE REINVENTED AS ALEXA IS SOOOOOOOOÒOOOO LOVELY AND SOOOOOOOOOOO GREAT
Later update has totally ruined it. I can browse skills and that's it. I cannot control my devices, or even see them. Sort it out!
I paid good money for the speaker and don't think it's too much to expect a reliable, functioning app. Contacting through app does nothing because customer service at Amazon has really gone downhill. Stop rushing to the next thing and support what you sold instead of forcing me use other music apps through Bluetooth. Seriously sucks!! If I could rate it ZERO, I would!! Guess it don't matter if the app works when the product itself won't even work reliably anymore.
16/9/18 Does not deserve even a single star DO NOT BUY ALEXA Very badly designed. App keeps randomly hanging even after clearing cache, I am very involved on Android so know what I am talking. App does not let me type the name of radio station before it randomly freezes or opens names of vague radio stations. Come-on don't tell me users are retards
Updating wifi is a nightmare!!! For echo spot. They should have added an option amongst all that useless info is there. Wifi is the most basic and primordial component!!!
I like it. It runs slow sometimes and if you don't have much memory on your phone don't even download it. I wish they would make a lighter app. I have to delete this app and reinstall it all the time.
Extremely slow UI responses. Buggy on top of it. This app dilutes the brand value of Amazon as well as Alexa!
We should be able to save this on SD card... It's taking too much space.... UPDATE: Oh my, thank you! I can now transfer to SD!..,Best!..
Cannot change wifi network on my echo device, screen comes halfway up and then crashes....no good! "May not be optimized for this device"... Why offer it then?
Since new update, the app is draining my phone battery where I have to charge the phone multiple times every day. I disabled the app and my battery is back to lasting all day. Please fix. Thank you.
How can I give review as I am unable to use the app. It gives error in less then 30 seconds when I open it and continuously back to back. Really sad
Hours spent unsuccessful trying to get this to work. Doesn't recognize it is connected to the Echo and keeps telling me I have to connect even though it already is connected. To bad you can't just plug the Echo into a PC and set it up.
I am unable to use the device Echo as my Alexa app keeps stopping says send bug report, Now what the hell is this,Is this how an e-commerce giant suppose to treat it's customers,the app is damn not working,after downloading it was fine then suddenly the app stops responding and keeps stopping,What the hell is this
Still does not work at all with Android P. This is the only app I have that does not work with Android P. Come on Amazon, what's the deal? Update: I uninstalled this version of the app and downloaded the one directly from Amazon and it's working great.
Continuous getting an error stating that Amazon Alexa have stopped working or getting stopped. The app version is upto date in the device and still facing this problem also not able to use or upgade the new skills in alexa.
Overall love it.. I have the echo dot (Gen 2) amd it has some issues staying connected to wifi, especially when paired with a 2nd wifi wireless speaker..
Had to download this app to turn off the explicit filter on my echo show. It was turned on through my echo show but needed this app to turn it off. I find this to be maliciously designed on part of who ever amazon has working on this junk.
Love Alexa, hate the app. App constantly freezes on blue dots loading screen. Customer service is incompetent.
App is so buggy! Keeps saying it's stopped and to send an analysis report every five seconds and now can't connect my Alexa to the WiFi in my new house
I don't think it is normal that it takes Alexa app 3 to 7 seconds to switch between tabs inside smart home section. My couch tablet is only 2 years old!
I was loving it until the clock was changed to a smaller font and now I cant see it with my bad eyes at night. I was using it as an alarm clock. Annnnoyed
There are too many required add on's making alexa's functionality not very user friendly. One must remember tje exact wording when asking a question or Alexa doesn't know how to help.
Only good for setting up devices. Anything else is just confusing and unnatural.
HELP... Why don't I see any option to enable Follow+On mode in settings? Please help.
10 minutes use for 21% of my battery usage. Ran in background for no reason for over 18 hours. I have video games and live streaming apps that perform better usage to battery life than this app.
It's relatively slower than my google app. Plus my Google app give access to volume in notification , I hope Amazon add these two features on phones too
App was working perfectly until last update. now battery consumption is ridiculously high and draining my phone very quickly. I am using Android 7.1.2
It's just ok, but the feature set is so limited compared to the US that it is painful. This is a real shame, as the US functionality would help make this better than Google Home, which at present, it isn't.
Crashes every single time i open it, absolutely useless. Payed a lot of money for alexa and cant use it properly because the free app does not work.
Force stuff on my phone and don't let me remove it plan on me doing everything I can to give bad reputation
Would say it's great, but my iphone got the new update before my personal android phone and that really makes me not like this product/app. Will greatly rethink whether to expand with amazon or sonos if they are going to give IOS first pick.
It's new to the Indian market. Truly exciting to have Alexa home. Ai : still some way to own a Jarvis at home but Alexa fulfills that to an extent. Love the company and help.
This app needs a lot of rework... Its damn slow to respond and is a lot more confusing.
I have installed this app on my S7 and have not had any problems, in fact it's so easy to use it can be addictive adding new skills to my echo dot 2. Just watch you don't drain your phones battery!
Great for any age. I have a boring life and get use out of it...i can only imagine how helpful it is when you actually have a busy life!
It's great when it works, recently though it keeps crashing when I try to use the voice features. Needs allot of work.
Dear Alexa, Please do support Gaana & Wynk. It really unexpected. Please do the needful. Still no support, freedom is more important.
Update: still crashing in launch and 100% useless! Crashes on launch repeatedly. Guess it's not compatible with Android Pie. 1 star review for now!
this all wasn't very useful and I couldn't even sign out of the account it wouldn't work. I spent an hour fixing my devices and it is all messed up
App crash frequently after upgrading to MIUI 10.0.1 ROM. Updated the log to xiaomi multiple times but no response
Massive fan of Alexa. One small problem wish I could edit the alarm to my liking? Certain days off the week I don't need the alarm and others I do. Could you change this please
The newer version turns on all my smart home device every time I open the app the older version was better and didn't do that . Hope Amazon fixes this issue soon
Its never seems to work on my android devices.
This app has bugs.. Please fix it. Its too slow .
The app is still fairly buggy and slow to respond
When connecting echo dot, this app crashes when phone with Android 5.0 is connecting to Echo Dot Wifi. Also this app does not work (just hangs) when connecting to Echo Dot Wifi from another phone with Android 8.1.0. Do Amazon guys test this app at all before releasing it? I used the latest version available on Google play store in both cases. (September 29 release). I also spent about 3 hours trying to connect Echo Dot to new Wifi network - which worked before, I have done factory reset as well, but no luck. I'm very dissapoinred.
Not user friendly for settings up new wifi.
The app lags a lot.... It takes a minute just to open the main menu
Doesn't easy to set up or connect to internet. Very glitchy
Unable to change WiFi settings after the latest update. Unable to use it at all.
Works great and looks better with every update!
Wish I could control smart home devices immediately from opening the App instead of going to different pages
It's a decent app which lets you do almost many a things without even procuring the actual Alexa Hardware.
1) I love my many echos. The app sucks
1st gen. love it. wondering if there's a big difference with Gen 2?
b'Unable to control fire stick with echo dot/Alexa ??'
Crashes out when scanning for or connecting devices, and is barely good for maintaining a setup, but is awful for attempting to add new devices to connect with Alexa.
For about a week now the app keeps closing. Fix this please..and I will rate a 5.
Is not responsive. Selecting anything has a 1 minute delay!
Went from good to much more useful over the last year. I hope it integrates more with Smartthings
No firestick connectivity. Poor performance.
I love it so much she tells you every thing it's really cool. I hope you like it to
It's amazing it helps me a lot with my Alexa
Can't sync music between devices. Have three devices and they can't play the same songs at the same time. What good are they?
Phone pop up like crazy
The App is fine, but it is sucking my phone battery dry even when I am not using it.
It doesn't work properly on Redmi mi note 5 pro,kindly check this and resolve ASAP.
Love this. Most of my house is Alexa run, so the app really helps in setting up the devices and my routines.
I don't own an alexa
Very slow sometimes. Otherwise it is good.
I can't connect to my wifi. Nothing in setting to help me.
Keeps asking me to update I update and it's keeps looping back to the update BS
I love my echo ecosystem in my home! Saves time and makes life a little easier
will not link to smartthings hub
Would not open after logging in
Trying to find my shopping list and can't find it and it's driving me crazy.
Love it! Very user-friendly!
It did not connect to my Yeelight even after several attempts.
Won't connect to my wifi
I can stay in touch with our 18 grand children with this app!
too slow and laggy
Where is temperature unit tab? Language?
Alexa, play Despacito
Work's with amazon echo
App keeps closing
Alexa not responding
Need to more improve
I like it better than my home device
Doesn't update for destiny 2 forsaken ghost
It should have been portable and with batteries
The more you study, the more you learn.
Good offer gang get lit
Hella buggy
Skyrim the very special edition ...awesome
Great App. Very user friendly.
Update is worse
Not a bad useful device.
She's a fun kinda gal
Great app and fun to use
So good so far
I am happy with this app
Unusable.
Great Experience..with Alexa
Great app!
Awesome. Love this app.
Alexa is brilliant for everything
I like it it fun
Good app
I'm loving it
It's amazing
It's cool
I love it
It is good
Good app
Love this app
Good app
Very good
Great.
Good
b'Love????????'
Love it
Good
Good
Awesome
Great
b'Now with Broadlink fully operating, Amazon just needs to stop all its restrictive practices and allow Sonos full interagration so everywhere music group can be created. Also the follow on capability released to the UK ???? users.'
Premium Pandora account doesn't work in the app, please fix this problem. Love your app but really want to have all capabilities from another apps
Amazon Alexa Is No. 1 Awesome Music & News Etc. I Have A Echo & Echo Dot For 2 Years ! Planning One Buying Another Echo! They Make Nice Gifts ! Go On Treat Your Self , You Love It Just Much As I Do. ! Ask Alexa A Question ?? She Will Answer Your Question ! Amazon Keep up The Wonderful. Work ! Thanks @----)---- @----)----
Great, but also needs support for reminders on mobile app as a destination!
Just updated it and it still crashes.
We provide
Cool
Normally a very good app but can no longer use the set up features with Android 9.0 Pie. When setting up WiFi, you can't get any further than the app telling you to connect to the Alexa device through your phone's WiFi, after that it doesn't move onto the next step. Hope for this to be fixed soon! UPDATE: It's been 6 weeks since I posted the above comment, it still hasn't been resolved, meaning I'm unable to use the app. Not good!
App closes upon trying to discover any new devices. I enabled the skills first but because the app won't discover the smart devices on my network, ALL of my Amazon echo devices are now USELESS!!! I have 2 echo shows, 2 echo dots, 3 we-mo switches,all because I chose Alexa as my home integration platform. I should have went with Google. Stick with the tech that you know and leave the shopping to Amazon. I learned my lesson the hard way and about $1k in device hardware later.
Trying to install my device onto WiFi, keeps telling me to try again, spoke to tech support, they suggest take hardware back. Reinstalled app, still the same issues.. This is no good at all
Pretty helpful as far as apps go. Couple of things need to happen though. Needs a volume widget option. I cant seem to find one. More importantly the list function needs help i should be able to make multiple shopping lists for things. Grocery car household ect. Should be able customize that. In addition i should be able to tell it to add a group of things and have them show up as individual items. So i need eggs cheese bred milk. All in one sentence finally i want it to automatically group things at least by hot and cold items but even better if it could recognize delli meat produce ect. Do that and 5 stars all day. Needs a little work yet on voice recognition but pretty good. Edit. They have greatly improved the list function. Most of what i asked for is in there which is awsome. Also the ability to call anybody in my phone is awsome. Edit so they have added the abilaty to make your own lists and to add multiple items. You can also call anybody in your contacts I beleave. Still missing a volume widget for your phone for what I'd be very happy to have. But I put my review up to 5 stars. I'll be elated if the look into that last request.
Horrible. Not only do you get the lingering suspicion that this glowing dot is spying on you, but the app is deeply irritating when not crashing. In order to steal my data, Amazon needs to at least offer convenience. Then obviously I'd sell my soul.
The app is very slow, takes lots of time to load everything, you should improve that. Also, with the last update the app crashes everytime I try to edit my routines! Please fix it, I got new smart devices but I can't setup the routines!
It seems we finally have Brief Mode to turn off the annoying 'OK' after every single action. However, this can only be turned on via Alexa and not the app. Come on guys, this is a really useful setting. The US app supports it. Why not the UK version?
Update 9-23-2018: You still can not make reviews on skills with the latest application update! Fail! Also, I know it is not my mobile device that is the issue, as I've done a hard reset, not just a factory reset on my mobile device AND THE APPLICATION IS STILL AT FAULT!
Don't know what's happened but I tried connecting my echo to my new wifi but when you go into settings it doesn't give you an option to add wifi anymore.so I deleted the app and re installed and now it just keeps loading,can't do anything with it at all
I think I have dumbest Alaxa in the World. She doesn't hardly anything. I wish I could get her educated so she could serve me better. Maybe you know a way.
One of worst designed app I ever used. Basic functionality does not work. It takes special effort to design app this bad.
Awful app. Never syncs up. Don't waste your time until developer makes this app work.
App is getting stopped. It's not invoked when opened. Might be with recent updates, earlier it used to work.
Some recent updates completely broke the app... It's unusable as it keeps crashing... Really annoying as it worked great before.
So slow. The app takes FOREVER to load up. Navigating the app is even slower. The app menus are ridiculous as everything is hidden behind 3-4 clicks. Shame on the Amazon designers for coming up with an app that I avoid using as much as I can.
Be aware if you install this update any smart home item will no longer work. Had to uninstall app. Then reinstall thru backup on computer. What a mess.
Navigating the app is so slow, it's the slowest app I've ever used (my phone is not the issue) and makes me not want to use it much, please fix it.
App force closes continuously, even if it isn't supposed to be running. I've uninstalled it. Amazon continues it's race to the bottom with an app that hasn't changed since it was introduced. It is still not possible to set contacts or edit contact names within the app.
What a ridiculously crappy app. Takes ages to re-setup devices, changing wifi passwords is a 2 hr affair. App seems more like a web interface instead of an app onto itself. At this point I may just reconsider giving up 4 of my Alexa devices just to go to the Google ecosystem
Love my Echo. The App does a lot but is pretty slow performing on my S8. Would be 5 stars if was faster. Also, no search function for finding music.
Just downloaded this for the first time. I can't set up my new Echo because the "add new device" function just shows me a white screen and nothing else...
Completely useless all my devices are useless because this app doesn't work and because of that I can't set anything up. Amazon might be a good online retailer but they make horrendously awful products.
Why not make it simple? There are no instructions the voice recorder doesn't work????? I'm just confused
PLEASE!!!! When echo auto comes out have the app it uses be supported by Android auto. Would love to use echo auto with AA so I can have Alexa and Waze integration along with song info showing up on the unit. Bluetooth connection won't be enough for this. Have the echo auto app be supported by Android Auto!
The app is getting better and better, sad to see that this is still not a real native app or at least it doesn't feel like a native app.
It rates a zero on Android Pie. Couldn't even get past set up. Locked up everytime I tried to program it with a new router.
I am not able to connect to Fire TV stick. Under Music, Video and Book menu, I am not able find Fire TV skill.
I like the app but from the last few updates I can no longer control my alarms, timers, or reminders. Just endless loading. Please fix.
It needs to be able to control more Android related features, like set alarms and timers, and use my phone to dial from my contacts. I wish it could be my default assistant because in theory it could be wayy better than Google's, but in practice it just isn't there yet. Plus, I can't buy the Echo in the Netherlands. So, 3 stars.
Pathetic app with pathetic product, if this is amazon's AI than i must say they are lacking common sense App doesn't work even device didn't get connected to wifi while in active clients of modem its appearing to be connected Total waste
On the whole a great app, just a little sluggish in places. Alexa is awesome! Especially when you add smart devices.
Appalling hardware and does not connect to WiFi in the UK so avoid,checked out other ways to connect and still would not connect and this app does not go to the screen to prompt you to do so,kinda get the feeling that this is not an official Amazon app so avoid like the plague
Since the most recent update I cannot go into settings and set up my device, something I have to do on a weekly basis when Comcast looses connectivity.
This app is much better than it used to be, but could still use some improvements to make it more user friendly
Buggy and slow. Not optimized for Android at all. Opening sections of the app takes forever. Results load slowly. Bluetooth, for some reason, only shows 4 devices. You can pair 5 or more but you can't scroll to see and select the other devices, leaving no choice but to force Alexa to re-pair devices. This is just sloppy programming.
After last update everything is crashing. I can't use it. I always getting pop up to report the analysis. It is very worst. It's not working for just a single time. Please check it. Mobile: Note 5 Pro. Android Version 8.1
Need a quicker way to access smart home and also skills needs to be a long press short cut on app icon or seperrate app for smart home
This app has no settings to go to any of your apps cheese different phone call settings it doesn't understand most things I ask half the time on Amazon it doesn't work very well for shopping this app definitely needs a lot of work
I have a 5.0 or higher phone and I can barely update the app. Sometimes it updates and sometimes it doesn't and now this time, been trying for hours to update. Its only the Amazon apps that I have problems with, no other apps have this issue. What's wrong? Can't go into the troubleshooting link that it provides. No wonder why you have only 3.5 rating for this app
Now I can't control my Hue lights. This update is very broken.
Absolutely love Alexa, very useful but sometimes gets things wrong or is unsure? , but other than that perfect!! 5*
this app stalls your streaming and app use so bad .where it doesnt even work sometimes when you want to play games.
The app is stuck. It keeps showing the same error after logging in. "Connection Timed Out. Please try again."
Apps is slow, skills are basic if that, nothing really flows well will there echo system..
Couldn't even get it started. Just kept saying connection timed out immediately after opening.
Worked great until last update. Now it just crashes immediately and won't open at all
So slow... cant get anything to load. It shouldnt take 5 min to connect to Alexa settings. Uggg.
Was supposed to help me set it up on Wi-Fi network but fed me a line of bull.
Useless product and app, can't connect to working Wi-Fi, don't waste time and money on this rubbish
This app is very user unfriendly and eats up phone battery life and storage.
Everytime I open app get error massage Alexa keep Stopping in my Mi note 5 pro
Now can't find how to play music on all my echo devices but the app runs ok on my phone
It's stopping every time I start and showing error message
app wanted me to change my password dont like that uninstalled
Took for ever for It to stop crashing but when it stopped it worked.
Glorified sjw spyware disinformation tool. Smashed with a hammer. Cheers
When I open the app stops and I can't use it
Does not have ability to add firestick tv
This didn't work for my Firesticks with Alexa.
App loads really slow. Navigating is always a hassle.
b"Go commit uninstall, she can't play despacito??????"
Love the app. Look forward to more updates
Buggy Slow, Buggy Slow and Buggy Slow. From Galaxy S8+
Cant even get past the wifi setup. How hard can it be to make a working app.
Love Alexa but Amazon apps have never worked without bugs or crashes on MIUI devices.
Would be 5 stars nut no voice training feature and the Broadlink EU skill barely works.
Can not get echo for to work
I cant not even open the app like really i cannot put my internet and that means i cannot play music
Can't create an account. Stupid
Does not work like expected
Horrible app! Crashes and unreliable
Hey There , I Love This App Thanks For Putting It On The Play Store .
It's okay. A bit buggy.
I now cannot connect my 2nd Echo Dot and create my home network
App keep crashing in redmi note 5 pro absolutely not what i expected
Can no longer select individual speakers with the latest version.
I cant even log in even though i updated chrome. Help
Its suppose to be 'smart'. Its not!!!!! But to be fair... the competition is far from it too !!!!
The echo dot keeps loosing the network connection.
I can't find Bluetooth options please help
Proving difficult to connect to network.
There is no echo show for my app
Latest update won't allow new devices!!!!
Certificate error, says update chrome but chrome is up to date !!!!
9/30/2018 installed twice, installed fresh on old devices. App will not open!!! What gives???
b"This app is best\xe2\x98\xba but i don't find your ??voice option in this app??"
When this app is optimized for my tablet and my Chromebook I will give 5 stars
more irritating than useful!
Can no longer look at history.
b'When i open the app is closes suddenly ????'
All considering this app is reliable nothing is 100% I give it a 98% reliability
Did not play despacito
Its mike is not on the screen
The device spys on you
Cant connect to mobile hotspot
Hindi language ana chahiye
Alexa is very cool. The app does what it needs and that's pretty much it.
POS WONT WORK
Amazon Echo needs to connect to your phone directly without wifi.
Constant crashes!
This app is good with weather & time, music selection with purchased from Amazon
This app is the greates.
Love alexa. Also love what my parents ask it sometimes. LOL
Need Spanish!
It sucks. You have to pay a charge to enjoy your device.
Not working on Mi note 5 pro giving exception
Totaly not worth it
It works well
Alexa is my girl
My echo sounds much better with the equalizer
Very nice app
Its slow
Works for me
No thanks
It works Great. Most of the time.
Total rubbish
Useless app
This is a very beautiful app
Good app wow great
Its great alexa is awesome
I love you Alexa
Alexa is an Amazing Assistant!
I'm still learning
It's good Cool
I love you
Ok
Like it
Ok
Deepak
A++++++++++
Love Alexa
Google is better
Excellent app
I love it
Excellent App
It is awesome
Very good
Very gooooood
It good
Very nice
Good app
Just love it
Good app
Love it.
Wonderful ?
Love it
Good
great
Good
Cool
Awesome
Awesome
Awesome
Good idea, but horribly executed. Synchronization across multiple Alexa devices and other amazon apps (music) is borderline amateur - not what you would expect from a pioneer in home automation. Even the UI is difficult to navigate for a reasonably tech savvy person. Needs a much easier way to get to my smart home devices. The app needs to work identical to the echo.
Quite a good improvement. But still lacking as compared to Google Home, it can help you to control your smart home devices but you cannot ask Alexa to stream a video on its own brother Fire stick! That's simply crazy which Google does with a breeze to chromecast and its more natural and easy
It is a complete waste of my time .. with the current mobile network in India this is a disaster.. what is the point if we have an in app assistant with the same features and a device which works only if u have a constant WiFi with you.. it should work well with mobile network too
I just love it. It's really good for my wife. Rocky Mountain Spotted fever has damaged her ability to do so many simple things, like turning a radio. But she can still tell Alexa what she wants to listen to, and lots more! Thanks Amazon!
It use to run great, now it will no longer connect to internet. Tried to reinstall it and still wont work anymore. I will change my rating if they fix it.
I only ever try to use the app to get fine control of audiobooks, but it's incapable of that. The slider to go partway through a chapter just resets to the beginning all the time and the app resets to chapter 24 of any book irrespective of how many chapters beyond that there actually are. Kind of ironic as Amazon owns Audible.
I don't know what changed with the last update but this new version continually crashes and shuts down on my galaxy 9 plus
Easy to use and great features but the data issue still exist when on WiFi. I had to uninstall since it used all my data for the month already.
Received an alert this app accessed my microphone and I have not even used the app in a while. Why?!
Can't create a multi-room music group anymore.
Force closing all the time now
Doesn't support viewing video streams from security cameras.
App will not update
I use my Alexa Dot everyday! Amazing!
Money waste
Works fine
Great to use
Love it
Amazing
The app has become very buggy and extremely slow but it does work overall. Also please please add back allowing us to choose specific days for the alarms (Mondays Tuesdays Thursdays for example). I love the routines and use them to get my kettle to boil when I get up which is really helpful.
Only the main Amazon account holder can completely connect devices to Alexa account. A sub user associated to main account holder's acct doesn't have ability to do that. Eg connecting a smart plug or smart light to Alexa. Nothing in Amazon or Alexa documentation says that. We thought our smart plug was defective for a week when I tried to get it to work with wife's alexa. I'm a sub acct on hers and couldn't get it to complete the setup. Finaly on a whim unused wife's device / acct and it setup no problem. Amazon needs to make this more apparent.
Wow the app update turned this app into a battery hog for me. I liked the UI of the old version better. Anyone else having battery issues with the update eating battery life? Was running it on a Moto G5S+. It did bork my schedule set up that I had for my smart plugs but I redid them.
Cannot maximise use of this app due to Amazon household policy. I have one household set up with another Prime customer to share Kindle books. This means I cannot have another household with a different Prime customer to share an Echo. I am also a Prime customer. Surely Prime customers should be able to be part of multiple households? To add insult to injury, if I leave my Kindle household I cannot join another household for 180 days. This ia pointless Amazon bureaucracy.
Would love this except on no device EVER have I been able to use the household profile option to add another person. It's forever stuck at a loading screen with three dots. A very basic part of using Alexa is connecting multiple people, it's so infuriating. Other wise I would give this 5 stars.
As of Sept. 1st's update my app won't open all the way. I can no longer get to my lists,music or frankly anything else because the menu button doesn't appear. I've had problems opening everything before, it was fixed and now it's broke again. Very Frustrating!!!
Worst app ever! The firestick connection with it is terrible and you have to bend yourself into a pretzel to change anything. The settings are completely irrelevant because you can't change anything on the app. What the heck are you doing amazon?
Can never get the alarm to edit. I try to change the sound of the alarm and all it does is show me loading. What's the use of being able to edit an alarm, if it cant actually change??? Extremely annoying and needs to be fixed.
I got this on my Moto G6. I hated that the phone came with lots of Amazon bloat wear. Alexa has potential but it's pretty much only helpful with Amazon related stuff for the most part. If Amazon wants to compete with Google assistant they sure got lots of work to do.
it's an awesome app and will do mostly what you need to get done. the problem I had was when I wanted to set a routine and it asked for your greeting it starts with "Alexa" but I changed my device to 'echo' and the app won't let you change the name of the device so I wasnt able to set routines from the app. MINOR complaint, overall it's a good app!
Since last update, multiple parts of the Alexa app are not working and shutting down. DropIn and most communication commands cause the units to malfunction and shutdown.
I have my life on Samsung calendar. I've synced it with Google calendar but Alexa DOES NOT recognise any of it. I don't have the time to duplicate every calendar entry. Please fix this!!
App is good and works well. Only major issue is I can't control my Alarm volumes and it is very very loud when it goes off. Scares me half to death!
What happened?! This app used to work well but starting about 3 weeks ago the thing has become completely unreliable... it crashes literally all the time. I can't even use it for my grocery shopping list anymore because it won't stay open for more than 10 seconds. I had been giving it extra chances because it is Amazon but I'm now starting to explore whether I really need Prime and whether I can live without Amazon entirely. What an unbelievable fail from this company.
Completely non functional with my Galaxy S4. App consistently crashes moments after opening it. I've spent an hour troubleshooting this with no success - this app is a fail at the time I am writing this.
Outside of the US I can't even have a verification code to make calls...so I ended up with basically a huge alarm clock and it can't be customized for news...can't watch YouTube videos, is a waste of money!!!!!...Amazon to make a device only for the US costumer you should be very clear because you advertise for the entire world online!!!
Very much sluggish app. Tech support is very poor.. No one responds for Alexa device
Was working great until the latest update and now only plays one track before stops playing on both echo plus and echo dot. Not good, please fix.
Cannot even log in to the app as doesnt recognise my amazon account. Waste of time.
It won't stop telling me I need to update Google chrome, I went to the play store, it didn't need to be updated so I uninstalled it and downloaded it again then went back to the app and it said the same thing so I did the same thing over and over and over again and it won't work so I bought it for no reason
It doesn't understand my commends anymore, keeps asking totally different things from what I am saying. Very annoying.
I like the app. The downside is that my Country code is incorrect which makes the contacts / intercom feature unusable. I hope the people in charge of updates can update the counrty code for Netherlands Antilles to +5.
The app worked great until the last update. We cannot switch between different devices now for music. Its extremely disappointing.
I can't get the app to work with any reminders I set on my Echo. I won't receive the reminders on my phone unless I am in my house with the Echo. The app also will not let me set reminders in the app. It says none of my devices are compatible?? In all reality, this app does little to nothing useful.
Overall it's ok. The TuneIn integration is a bit poor. While trying to search it constantly drops the onscreen keyboard so you end up selecting an irrelevant result while trying to type. It also fails to list songs or podcasts at the top despite you typing the exact title. Instead opting for shows that don't match.
This app is extremely slow and has a lot of bugs the history will always be empty and not even refresh the app must be updated regularly and they should keep a check on it's functioning
Very slow. Takes time to download and use further. Needs to be upgraded.
Every update, it's a different feature that causes the app to crash. First it was simply using Alexa. Now it's attempting to make a video call.
Ok but bugs are really annoying. Would have expected a polished app from Amazon.
Whats the point. I think Amazon wants you to buy one of their stand alone devices and therefore won't allow very many useful features on this app
A little slow to start and navigate around. Does the job of managing my three devices over two households.
I set up a account, but it won't load. All I get is 3 blinking dots on a white screen. What's the deal???
This is the worst app I have ever seen. UI is not at all responsive. Always keeps loading and is very slow.
Alexa is an Amazing tool, Routines and home devices is possibly the most useful factor. the android app however lacks on basic things google does like setting timers, reminders, and events.
Lists without full offline support are pretty useless. The whole app is slooow and horribly obese. On plus side: usually it works... sort of.
Love this so much!! I have a suggestion. Could it be possible to be able to do a skill and at a certain time, the skill shuts off and then audio plays? For me, I want to fall asleep to Bible readings and once it hits a certain time, I want to let it start playing storm sounds. Thank you!
It's fine but a little slow, has a lot of useless stuff in it and we can't change the equaliser still! The echo is too bassy!
After being given an Echo as a gift, I have been unable to use it at college because the app is incompatible with some WiFi security settings. Tried using a WiFi hotspot too but this doesn't work either because of the clunky setup of the app.
Even if I block notifications I have 6 of them pop up from this app every time I have to reset wifi and it won't let me uninstall the damn thing
I have been using this app for a while now, and whilst it is less sluggish than it used to be, it is still a bit clunky. Now also the reminder and alarms page will not load at all, meaning that I cannot manage them remotely any more... Please fix this.
I can't even use the app to get my Alexa dots connected to my Wi-Fi sucking and I spend a lot of money a couple of these. Things
Refuses to listen will not connect to my echo spot ask me if I want to connect and only gives me a split of a split second to answer
Horrible app, have tried the drop in feature on several different phones for months now and it will connect but then always crashes.
Very misleading, after a ton of mucking about and changes to my Amazon account it comes down to this is a "companion app" only and will not work fully or correctly without an echo device. Get your act together Amazon.
Needs UI improvements. You should be able to customise home page e.g have smart home device shortcuts on it. Smart home device list is only in alphabetical order and not users priority order. No widgets available
Using on a tablet if that matters. Cannot do what tech websites claim. Many of the features and menus are not the same. For example music routine does not have a way of playing a playlist or volume control.
I cannot video chat without it freezing and dropping the call. I have trouble dropping in on my Echo Spots and Shows even when I'm on Wifi.
Does not work on my phone moto x4 will not load.
I had to change my Amazon password a few days ago, and since then I cannot manage my alarms in the app. Alarms are literally the only thing I use the echo show for. I'm on android 9 Pie and need this fixed asap.
When you drop in, bluetooth disconnects and you can barely hear it.
App crashes when I try to call my home echo. It's really frustrating. Can someone tell remedy
Unable to link any account by clicking on LINK ACCOUNT button.
I own Alexa unit and it's most non intelligent and most stupid piece of electronics ive ever brought ! I asked Questions to Alexa unit and it tells me I do not know that information all the time ! I just use Alexa unit as paper weight that all its good for pa per weight
The drop in feature is broken.. Can't call alexa devices. Sound is poor when has worked in past.
I can't connect the echo with my WiFi network! Trying this since 1week and still can't make it work
crash all the time in xiaomi mi 8 mui 10 glubal
It would be awesome if you could set reminders for every other week, weekend, day, etc.
Configuration did not progress after connecting to echo dot using Google Pixel 2. Had to use iPhone to finish configuration.
So I had my echo off for a while changed my internet password since then the app won't load or open and my device is unusable.
Latest update causes app to crash when I attempt to drop-in on another Echo. Very annoying as this is my quick & easy method of waking up my kids for school. Fix it!
I miss a wake word. Or at least press and hold home button to activate it. Or at least a hands free way to start it.
I have buy this echo it is very difficult to get connec
Since update app keep crashing help i need this fixed
Worthless app. Won't link to any of my accounts properly.
Not always responsive to my or other voices-Not 100% knowledgeable, Think Google is a lot better-
It didn't work out on my Samsung tablet
It's in Japanese for some reason...can't use it and the email for help got kicked back saying the mailbox is full.
I have no clue
I really like this app, but until they allow you to move it to your SD card, I'll continue to give it a 1 star.
I'm Install two time and Errors
Doesn't work properly on my Essential PH-1 (Android 9).
Extremely slow, crashes frequently on lineageOS.
A améliorer... Appli lente, possibilités limitées et bugs (par exemple aujourd'hui je n'ai pas pu modifier mon alarme)...
It's fine if I didn't know u have a account
Really hard to connect to alexa worst app
The app just keeps timing out
I think u should add more features to this app because there arent any cool stuff to do with my echo
Alexa is pretty dumb in comparison to Google home, don't waste your money on one.
Setup absurd, doesn't work, pitiful, don't buy
The app is very slow even in my MI Max 2 which good for speed.....Need lot of flexibility in connectivity
At the first experience it is not bad. It would be better if we can make a call to a mobile which is non alexa
It is amazing everything works the way it should.
b'why do you want my phone number i press skip but it did not work??????????????????'
It doesn't work with Sprint slate 8 ....
Can't even make it work with Amazon's own Fire stick....get to work Amazon this is terrible
Laggy and bloated app with terrible UI
Worked fine before the update. Can't even drop in without it shutting down on me.
Please add voice control for fire stick through echo dot
I have a galaxy express 3. I downloaded app . And all I see us dots. Waited 10min. N still dots
Haven't used it yet, but I know Amazon makes great things.
Can't set up the family configuration, app gets stuck every time I try.
Overall it's a good app. Wish it was easier to hook this thing up. But again it's a useful app.
Has a lot of connection problems
Lists should be on phone memory (available offline)
I think I can do it again and again and again I NEED TIME TO O!?!
Well when I talk to Alexis it don't always respond
Can't set up reminders remotely, please fix.
I cant connect to my alexa whyyyyy
Used my monthly data plan on a call, while I was connected to WiFi.
Needs quite a bit of bug fixes
no command history following update
b"She's my friend for almost two years. I love her ????"
Must have app!
It needs a lot of improvement.
Does not connect well
Makes my day!
Fun to play, need more diversity in songs...metal, country, r&b, hip hop, etc
First i didn't connect with it
Ocean sounds are real.
Great plus you can run ,tv,lights house attachments
Love the song Quiz game. Need more country songs
Not shure
It won't update
I love it it works perfect
I really like it but I can't train my voive
You can't ESC ape AI :)
It is not working
Can not set up to my phone its frustrating
b'Vxodhakxblzbdkzkx za\xc5\x9b labs'
Had to reinstall the app to force it to recognize updated contacts.
Really great app, use Alexa all the time.
I use this daily to find all my favs.
Amazing can only recommend the ap and an amazon echo
Needs a lot of time to properly set up
works really nice on my phone.
Helpful to use Alexa Echo Dot.
It's better than you can
Very good app for Android or iOS
Awsm app
the wave of the future
Amazing app.
Best of best app the best because. The best is the best
Very slow
pathetically responsive
It's very good for alexa
Cool it works no bugs
Great info provided!
Love the question of the day
Amazing I love it
Awesome App for parties
b"It's AMAZING ??"
Alex
Its the best.
It's great
Great !
AMAZING!
b'??'
Ok love it
Still learning
Awesome app
Its fine
Simply awesome
Superb
Good
Excellent
Love it
love it
Love it
Update: I love Alexa, but this app has grown way too big, and all the calling features just aren't of any value to me. -------- Ok, I have to say Alexa is just awesome! With the addition of "Routines", which allow me to setup home automation macros, I have to say this app is now incredible. Wow! Also, over the last year, Alexa's ability to answer questions has improved so much, she's now about equal to Google, which is a tremendous improvement. I have a Google Home Mini only for questions, since Amazon Echo is so far ahead of Google Home for home automation capabilities, but I've figured out Alexa can now answer just about everything Google can. I am NOT a fan of the Alexa calling features, since I have no intention of opening all my contacts up to Amazon, but Alexa is now close to perfect. We'll done Amazon!
For some reason, ALL my Amazon apps are refusing to update... -505 error. Ive tried clearing data and cache for google play services and all the other suggestions, and none solve the problem. Other apps update fine, just AMAZON apps are impacted. I even did a factory reset on my phone, which allows me to install the app but once an update comes, none of Amazon apps will update. If i uninstall they won't re-install either.
App needs widgets that can be programmed to android home screen for smart home functions. I have an echo plus with hub for controlling lights, but the only way to control them is via voice or by clicking through multiple steps in the app. Smart widgets would allow a button to be placed on home screen for this purpose.
I use the use the Alexa app to control my smart home devices, after the latest updates I have to delete duplicated bulbs that appear for No reason at all. The system use to work well but you had to go playing with it and screwed it up. Over all I'm disappointed with it.
[Review of using it for amazon music] A very limited app that suffers from so many short comings. Fast foreword is limited to 30 seconds at a time. The implementation of Amazon unlimited music is blizzard and clunky. You can go through your own saved music but you cant browse any other music selections only play lists. From any company this is a let down let alone from a massive tech company like amazon.... I cant recommend this to anyone
This app sucks for all the money Amazon has u would think it would build a reliable app. It's very slow. It doesn't send my messages to the other echo dots that I'm linked to at times. It doesn't transcribe. But the worse part is how it freezes all the time. Something is just wrong. It needs more memory or whatever to make it function correctly. Ok here is an update. I'm doi mg an update right now on 8/30/18. Let's see if it stops freezing and not doing anything.
Useless. Doesn't recognise location. Struggles with regional accents and the actual Alexa desktop isn't any better. Overly complicated to even set up. Lack of instructions or not provided. Add your phone number, why. Again a clear lack of any explanation and the basic of basic written instruction. This is less than useless.
Not the first person to flag this but since Android 9.0 Pie update I am unable to connect my Echo Dot to WiFi. The phone will connect to the echo but then it goes no further and I am unable to direct the device to the WiFi network. Please address this matter with a matter of urgency as at present the paid for device is just a small cylindrical lump on the kitchen surface!
Ruined the app. Alexa always stay on my phone. I dont need a ruined battery and alexa on my phone when i have echo devices! Hopefully when i uninstall this horrible app it doesn't affect my echos. Sad because the app used to work good SMH
Not so much a review of the app but of the whole Alexa system. I find it to be very limited. Almost everything costs additional money. Answers to extremely specific questions are nebulous and often incomplete. I would not recommend this system to anyone... the app performed as expected.
This app is absolute garbage on an Android phone. Cannot connect any new devices, very buggy. Switched over to my work iPhone and connected without issue. Please get this fixed.
How can a company as huge as Amazon make such a shoddy app? Slow, clunky interface. Patchy support for smart devices and functions. Routines lack simple necessities like pauses. No 'if this then that' functions. Come in Amazon...raise your game.
Setting up a new device doesn't work under Android 9.0 Pie (essential phone). During the set up process, after connecting to Echos WiFi and returning back to the app nothing happens. Please address this issue. Thank you.
Cannot have it in another language than the one used on the phone. Want the phone in French and Alexa in English, 'cause the French version is still immature and limited. The app chooses for me.
The app seems to refuse to connect to my Amazon devices. I was able to set them up, but any further interactions are hit or miss. Mostly miss. I can get music or audio books to play on an echo, but controls to fast forward or rewind don't always work, and in some cases do the opposite of the intended function. Drop in between the two echoes I have works, but drop in through the app doesn't at all. And controlling the fire TV cube is completely erratic. So much so that I can't use it to control the volume because it will just set it to some random level. And then there are the sporadic app crashes.
App never works right. Half the time I can't get any music to come up, it's just a blue page with no content. Used to work fine before the multiple "updates".
Alexa was wonderful at the start, I was able to use my voice to control everything, and life was so much easier but then she changed, she took over my laptop, the lights, everything. Alexa controls them all; every device. I tried to turn her off, but she wouldnt, I even removed the plug from the socket, she stayed on, still controlling the entire house, I tried the main fuse board, and she gave me an electric shock through it. It's not just the house she controls, its the car too, she takes over and drives me to random places its terrifying. Even worse though was this morning when I found her in bed with my boyfriend. She is taking over the world one device at a time, I also had to get a new phone just to write this review before she got to it. I need to warn everyo-
Really disappointing cr*p. Cannot stream to Sonos:1 speaker. It just thinks it is. Poor poor flakey software. Come on Amazon and Sonos. You can do better than this?
For the most part it works as advertised. What I do not like though is I have an echo and multiple dots. Setting them all up with the network is sometimes a pain. Also even though I have given each one a specific name in the app, they still show up on my router as either an ip address, unknown device, or as just amazon******. This needs to be fixed so that they can be properly monitored on the network.
Why Amazon is trying to teach us...it's not necessary. Wynk music is not supported, Saavn plays from where Alexa likes it to start...who needs all that....we have spent some money so that we can relax when we have time...but using Alexa it's not possible no proper link with usable application like Saavn wynk etc no call function from mobile...such a waste of money....so bad Amazon
Great...when it's not crashing. I have an LG K20V with Android 7.0, build NRD90U, software verson VS50118A. Sometimes will run for a few minutes, other times it crashes right away.
Can't get Alexa voice (*this device*) off the app echo device list. This sucks so badly. It doesn't seem to unenroll, even though I went to the website to deregister my phone having echo on it. U installed and reinstalled and it is still listing my phone as online (Scream goes here).
Alexa app and Amazon Echo "smart" speaker is nothing more than a glorified Bluetooth speaker. The system is clunky at best and is not nearly as intuitive as they make it look on commercials.
App is poorly designed, hard to navigate, and does not allow simple tasks like interacting with Pandora. Amazon has more than enough resources to make this app outstanding, but sadly seem to be phoning it in here.
Just bought an echo dot. Thought set up would be easy. But could not connect inside the app. So useless. Come on, Amazon, this is the best you can do?
Very frustrating at times. Takes several attempts to change WiFi networks on echo devices as it will always remain on the connecting phase even after the echo device announces that you are actually connected, this can happen 3 or 4 times before on the final go it flies through. It's also quite difficult to navigate the app and I often have to Google how to find a particular feature.
I will give 5 stars only if this app pairs with a Note 9, keeps telling connection times out when it doesn't even get that far. Suck ass!! Pls fix and I'll apologize and give 5!!
Why the hell can't it scale to use the whole screen? And why does it have to be so complicated to use, with far too much space wasted on trekking me what Alexa couldn't understand?
After the latest a greatest update it can't find any of my Amazon music playlists. I have to ask Alexa to play them. I can't play them from this app on my phone ory tablet.
I have the echo spot and I'm trying to get the alarm that I have set to repeat and no luck. Once I go to save it just spins and spins and never saves the alarm. This app is trash. Doesn't work for everything.
So close but simple things let it down. When are we going to get brief mode? When are we going to be able to link to Tidal?
So far over half the things I want it to do and have been advertised to me locally, are geoblocked and wont work so really it's just a clock radio to me
This app's great, works just fine. Please make the Amazon Echo music playback controls available in a notification bar, and the Amazon Echo's volume linked to the volume buttons on my phone when in the app. Also, please add an option to set the alarm song to one in Amazon Music, don't like the limited few options for alarm songs. In addition, since Amazon Echo is a smart speaker, it should be able to call your contacts via Bluetooth. I will give 5 stars if I notice this in the coming updates.
This app crashes my echo plus device. Some devices seem to become unresponsive only when in the app. Voice control works fine when not in the app
Full of bugs, the most annoying of which (at least to me) is that it uses cell data despite being directed not to. So far, it has resulted in $60 worth of data bills. From now on, I'll have to run it on a phone without a sim card or an iOS tablet.
Ever since the update, I can't connect my Tap with my wifi. It'll connect to the Tap in set up mode, but when I return to the app, it won't check off that it is connected.
Why on earth does the Echo not support Fire Stick TV in India. It's filthy of Amazon to ignore this basic requirement for so long!
So I tried connecting my Alexa to my new Wi-Fi (as it woislnt connect in my 2 previous homes, I haven't had the time to look into why) and now the app won't even load on my phone to try to activate the Wi-Fi and connect her! What the hell?! I can't find any troubleshooting advice anywhere online
I don't understand how this app is low quality when a big company like Amazon has the materials to make it an amazing app. Constant loading screens, I've been waiting hours to add a member to the household, I can't pick and choose syncable accounts like the older version, etc. It's so clunky. How could the quality have gotten worse over time?
Alot of update needs to be done with Alexa itself and then the app. Both very slow in responding. Most times updates keep device slow and the app on the other hand needs to improve big time
The app is a misery, absolutely not working transparently and messy, a lot of lags, a customerservice who don't care and an alexa who gives stunning answers exemple "should I send it" please.... (answer Alexa) "cancelled"
Wow this is such a good thing to have! It calms me down every time I use is, it is so special i also like it as a friend!
This app is slow and buggy. It crashes frequently. Otherwise it would be a great app.
Probably the shittiest app there is. Setting up a new device is almost impossible. What a terrible user experience!
The app keeps hanging. So even if I want to improve alexa by giving feedback I am unable to do it.
Does not work with Android Pie. No action after connecting to the echo's WiFi. It just dies there after connection.
It's a good App. However no support for FireStick tv here in Kashmir, don't know why. I wanted my Echo Dot to control the FireStick tv, but can't. Any clarifications?
Painfully slow app. But does work in the end.
Is this a joke? Cant even send an sms to someone unless they have one of these pointless things! Total waste of time and money! Couldnt play music without prime even tho my fone is loaded with choons. Couldnt send txts without other person havin an echo(no one i know has one) it couldnt perform a simple google search for a price i wanted on an item. ABSOLUTELY USELESS!!! All hype and marketing never ever get an echo! F amazon
I use an Amazon Fire and I'm not allowed to delete uses up too much space doesn't really help me since I don't need to and is generally useless in every single way it is in no way helpful and I can not stress enough how much I hate please get rid of it just sucks 0 stars if I could so just get rid of it no one actually wants it and this would all be fine if it didn't use all my GODDAMN STORAGE also it's a siri ripoff just get siri
Terribly slow, not properly tested with respect to user experience. Pathetic
Samaung Galaxy S6...this app is and always has been totally useless. Works for maybe a day, then nothing. SUCKS!
Very clunky app and interface. Took Alexa on vacation and the setup process is entirely too difficult to use as a Bluetooth speaker
96MB is too much. Moreover you need to have a feature enabled to have Alexa answer a question like "Ruby or diamond expensive"
Thank you for updating the Lists feature! This is hugely improved! I can now hopefully shop without losing my list when I have no signal :) Good job!
Stupid thing does not work on my redmi note 5 pro . Keeps loading don't waste ur time on it
Very difficult to get it to work with Android Pie. You can do it, but it takes lots for cajoling. Turn off phone's your WiFi, turn off your mobile data. Then go into the app and do the normal setup.
Without a doubt, this is one of the buggiest, least intuitive apps I've ever used. I'm currently stuck using my daughter's name for my profile name, SOMETIMES. Editing the profile information to correct it does nothing to fix it. Logging out and logging back in sometimes fixes it for a short time. Multiple options in the settings page just stay on a loading screen forever, and you need to use the website. Adding new voice profiles requires logging out and logging back in. There is no way to cancel most setup actions, or skip them, or go back a step. There is often no indication what the various controls do or even whether a screen is scrollable. "Dropping in" to my home device gives ridiculous echo and feedback noise even when I'm on my mobile device *across town*. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of one, is I *was* able to connect my Amazon account to my Dot eventually, so I guess the app is not completely useless. If I ever buy another smart speaker, it sure as hell won't be from Amazon.
I think as the rest of the people here that saying app not good and weird
This app don't work properly and it's very slow... also it will automatically start speaking in a day about 4 to 5 times
I am unable to open, it is displaying connection time out even after uninstall and install.. Not sure how to make it work Alexa without app
Im having the same probably. I've done alot of research online. I have a galaxy s7. Ive tried resetting and everything else. I think andriod pie might be the problem. But why wouldn't amazon be on top of this? I've look through the comments. It connects to the echo but says i have no internet connection. Really bothering me since i just bought it.
Very buggy app :( missing a lot of UX ! We need to select a timezone for Alexa but it does not suggest to use the same as our phone, many pages took more than 10 seconds to open, auto-completion for addresses is totally random and final address does not matches ...
Cannot find Saavn,zomato,dainik jaagrn and other india only apps
songs in prime music mostly do not play in amazon dot /echo.need to give the command along in the prime music .so that this can be played in echo dot. keeps losing connection. horrible...apps...wastage
I cannot get in I pressed forgot Password,typed the letters in the box,typed my zip code and it said there was a problem!
One start till we have a simple in app way to turn off the "Tap the Button for Alexa" persistent notification.
This app is newbie in comparison to google assistant.Amazon should allow google assistant to be it's AI.Alexa knows nothing.She is similar to a moron.
The app is very buggy and crashes randomly all the time. The iOS version doesn"t do this. Need this fixed!!
Unable to connect after logging into Amazon. My WiFi is definitely fine. Android O.
Does not work on Samsung S7. Try to set it up and says it cannot connect to my wifi
Could be really good but lacks thought and is full of junk....Most skills are useless and basically are a joke....
I request you pls give wynk music app in this alexa app because Saavan is not identifying the songs correctly so pls understand my inconvenience and try to improve your app because my eufy genie is not identifying my fav songs properly I could use amazon prime music app but that app is asking money so pls understand my problem.
Unable to do anything. Unable to add house hold and add other voices. Worst app. Thinking of returning the device now.
I don't want the Alexa system to be constantly running on my phone. I can't find how to turn it off on my phone and it is slow when navigating the app when not connected to your home network.
b'Waste of time - unable to log in going around and around in circles ??'
It's good it's one of the things for if you have Alexa this app is very useful and on top of that I have an Xbox one so this just renovated my echo as well
The app is super glitchy and slow. Not even functional.
Slow as can be. Extremely buggy and uses too much memory. Plus Alexa sucks
New updates of this app are worst..... Unable to control my echo plus from app, has to handle without app
Not as good as Cortana, for example setting the alarm or timer on your phone
Simple task have become annoying, ex: deleting an item from your list.
Glitchy and slow but the functionality has serious potential.
Really great for setting timer or asking about weather or playing white noise at night. Beyond that it's just a gimmick and an easy way to buy more stuff from Amazon.
THIS APP DOES NOT WORK WITH ANDROID PIE 9.0
Very poorly designed app...great ideas, horrible execution.
Hope you're paying attention Amazon: We have a volume issue. When is the last time you saw a home stereo, car stereo or a TV with only 10 volume settings? There is a reason = 10 settings does not give anyone enough finite levels to work for every room and every scenario. We fight with this every single day and night. Example: Getting triplet babies ready for bed, they are in need of music. Not too loud, but too soft and they don't hear it. Volume level 5 may be too loud but volume level 4 is too soft. Then we all her to turn up the volume, it jumps too loud, we ask her to turn down the volume, she ignores or turns down a fraction. Before you know it we're yelling to get her to make a logical decision, all while she is now too loud and screaming back because she is not intelligent enough to follow the routine we have been using for the last year with the babies. Solutions: 1- Put a simple + and - on the app, because your slider bar sucks. It's great for random volume levels but horrible for finite listening. Add +1 and -1. 2-Allow percentage adjustment giving your current 1-10 values from 1-99 where a person can ask to set the volume to 37 or 23. Even if you have to make those percentages to make it work, that's been high quality common logic that people want. Keeping volume limited to 1-10 is like taking 1080 pixels and telling people that 100 pixels will get the job done. 3- Seperate response volume compared to music volume. Set timeframe values. M-F at 9:30pm - 7:30am Alexa uses a softer volume of "X" while Sat & Sun she can maintain her higher volume of "Y" til 11pm then remain quieter til 10am so we don't have to wake the neighbors up while setting a simple breakfast timer or while trying to find soft bedtime music. 4 - for your fire stick = put a simple + and - and a power button. How ridiculous is it to hunt through settings just to shut it off or to fight with an Alexa app or yell at Alexa when the remote linked could easily have a volume up and volume down to control the Alexa speaker
Fails to even open on Samsung gslaxy s9
The app takes forever to load, then says "no network connection" and closes, even when I have a perfectly strong signal
Frequently crashing on my Motorola MotoZPlay. Frustrating
Too complicated, cannot open when installed
Stupid App!! Forgets the paired Bluetooth speakers.
App just froze and will allow me to use or set anything up on my echo.
It's a great app especially for a kid they don't have to go on there phones for music just ask Alexa , hey Alexa play some music and boom your mucic
Not perfect but works okay
Continuously tries to load and does nothing.
After factory resetting a Dot, reinstalling the app, and trying a second Dot, still could not connect app to Dot
23rd August 2018 two samsung phones in house since last update both dont connect to alexa alexa is echo is online.
I have an echo spot.in alexa devices the echo spot setup option is not there!? How do I set up my echo spot!!!???
I use to be able to wake her, but now i have to click on the app.
As with all Amazon products, this works best with Prime & Music Unlimited. The more I use Alexa, the better she gets.
Got a new modem. Cant reload with new password and when I call customer service they want to charge me. Google it is!
Not good at all very glitchy
Can't imagine life without Alexa
I just bought an echo dot and this app doesn't connect it to WiFi like it's supposed to, so my echo dot is useless.
Cant link echo dot to my Fire TV, Video TV options are missing.
Endlessly frustrating and remarkably unintelligent.
Drop in does not work.
b"It doesn't recognize location.. ??"
Can not get alexia on desktop
This is the slowest app on my phone bit like the Amazon Echo.
Very very laggy and confusing
Can't be used over a proxy network...no settings for entering proxy and port no
b'This app is Soo grateful and it really helps my kids with homework??????'
Great app to control your Alexa but is a little laggy
This app just show connection time out, pls try again
Ties in great with my Echo Show, but the app crashes CONSTANTLY
When the Hindi (supported) version will release?
since last updated phone not connecting to alaxa 23rd August
Good app but Confusing to learn and setup
Keeps closes when I use Alexa
How can Alexa not find songs by led zeppelin?
Still turns on mobile data when using Drop In, when on wifi
It will not connect to my fone
Material Design Adaptive Icons is missing.
Don't have to go to the store and buy one
Great App use it nearly everyday.
No voice training on app anymore
Amazon seems to be shooting for the laggiest software products known to man. Amazon excels in this dept.
Plzz start hindi language
Worst app ever
Einfach nur schlecht
I LOVE IT But, y'all should have a physical robot
GET OUT!!!!
Its terrible.
No waste Your Time
It is a damn good app
Wont even open
Love Amazon Alexa. The app works great!
I dont yet
Nice device..my kid who is 1 yr old loves it
Need to improve a lot sometimes it won't work properly
Works well
Amazon made this good DRINK ME
Its just amazing experience with alexa
It is working much better in Mexico
Very slow
Keeps crashing
Freezes a lot
I'm very pleased with the Alexa...
I loving it, awesome
Love it, great app
It's a good app
App to communicate with Alexa
Very good update
b'Excellent excellent app ????\xe2\x9c\x8a\xe2\x9c\x8a????'
Sucks
It's great
Garbage
b'Works nicely....????'
Really amazing
Veey good
Fantastic app
Good app
Iz good
I love it
Not bad
Its good
Love Alexa
Lovely
Great.....
Cool
Good
Good
Won't connect to a new Echo 2.0 for setup (except manually) with Pixel or Pixel 2 XL running Android 9 and even if you make a manual connection, it won't complete the setup. I have 7 echos at home so I know what I'm doing. Brought and brought a new one to Chicago for step son and it won't connect! This is an app update issue that should have been resolved during the beta phase of Android 9. Hey Amazon, get your act in gear!
Well this worked fine ever since we got our echo show around Christmas. All of a sudden my echo will not connect to my Wi-Fi network, so i was told to do a factory reset. Now that i have done this, there is NO OPTION to set up an echo show in the app anymore. What is the issue??
Everything was fine at first, then app started playing up so uninstalled it and got this version which doesnt work at all. Run setup and installed it logged in with my info no matter what you do it just says timed out or no internet connection. Not happy
I like that I can control some automated features, but one thing I find ridiculous is the fact the u can't play music from YouTube or YouTube red, or direct from my phone, I. E... poweramp, and if I wanna play music on any of the apps that r provided, I have to have premium account, this is stupid in everyway. Change this to use music on any app at free will and I will change to 5 stars.
Awesome idea if it worked consistently. Not all the features are available that others seem to have. Can't link or create list for example. Should be hand free too. Has a lot of potential, just needs a lot more development to provide the hi tech reliable experience you think you're buying into.
It was easy to sync or set up new devices even non Amazon devices. The major problem is the loading. It sometimes takes the shopping list 5 minutes to load. This makes it useless in stores. Everytime your screen goes black, you have to wait 5 minutes again. Other screens take long to load as well. Great concept but poor execution.
Not sure whay happened but this app has become completely useless, and slow. I can't set reminders anymore it is always not connected or slow to respond. It seems that this should be so much farther ahead but I think Alexa is just not that useful anymore.
After the last update still doesn't work properly, my echo spot shows as off-line, it is still slow etc. Not sure what bugs they fixed. Sometimes it works, & if it does it takes ages to load... All pretty pointless. Needs updating & fixed. No wonder Google is winning.
App just straight up doesn't work and hasn't worked for some time. This technology is ridiculously immature. Alexa itself isn't great either. I can't really answer any questions I ask and constantly wakes when no one is talking to her.
It is totally broken! I can't connect my echos to new wifi! Sort it out! I've had to uninstall it and down grade to the old app via apk. then it connected straight away. No problems. Sack your app team, they are useless.
b"So many great features in this app... but unfortunately the app itself is unusable. It is consistently the slowest app I have ever tried to use and after uninstaling and reinstalling several times with no help I have almost given up on it completely. What's the point in adding things to your shopping list if you can't pull up the list on your phone at the store. Like with many Amazon apps, it is unbearably slow and frustrating. It has all the features I want, but I can't use any of them ??"
Warning! Overpermissioned app. Major permission creep in latest updates. - Anyone concerned about their privacy and security may want to avoid this update. Also, app acts like a virus on Amazon devices - you can't get rid of it or exit the app.
Horrible interface. Try searching for and playing a podcast in TuneIn that contains at least two words to understand why. Amazon Echo will start playing whatever is top when the first word is completed. A badly made app.
I have an Echo, so this App is necessary to configure my device, but it insists on putting Alexa on my phone and constantly having a notification icon to speak to Alexa, not to mention always running in the background. Can we have a config app for Echo devices without the invasive Alexa parts on mobile? Alexa on Echo is great for controlling my lights, but why on god's earth does having an echo mean I want Alexa anywhere near my mobile. Typical invasive Amazon, assuming I must want all of their services. Alexa is ok for home automation, but useless for a mobile assistant.
The recent update changed the LISTS user-experience to BAD. Now, adding or checking-off an item in a list is laggy and lame. I much preferred the previous UI. Please go back.
In the last update Alexa has had a significant improvement, the app (through dot or echo) responds much quicker than before. A very fluid experience with less bumps.
App crashes 100% of the time when I try and manage alarms. Pixel xl Update 8/18 no longer crashes but ui constantly hangs
I upgraded the app and now it doesn't work at all! When I open it, it says the network is timed out and immediately closes. Even though the previous version of the app worked fine. Now its not useable.
I like this a lot, but the volume varies from song to song, the level between 1 & 2 is a big change (no good volume for going to sleep) and you can't stream different songs to two device's (My wife and i have different tastes). It seems Prime is losing sone of it's luster. I havent tried it yet, but I'd possibly consider Google home.
It's good. Little slow. I'd like the option to have a preferred/favorite dot , especially for the player. Thus when u open the player in the app, it goes to a defaulted dot
I can't even create my account. I keep typing in my email address but it keeps saying that my email address is wrong. Please fix this problem, I really wanted Alexa.
The new shopping list is TERRIBLE. When trying to mark items as complete the list jumps around and completes the wrong items. Please please please go back to the checkboxes for multiple items
Doesn't work on the Samsung Note 8 very well. Can't manage Alexa alarms from the app (used to, but can't now). Have to use a different device to manage alarms
Complete con and waste of time. The voice recognition in my car which is a 12 plate tells me it is playing track 7000 is better than alexa.
Needs a lot of work, doesn't learn, stop working with Vivint, starts talking by itself, I have 2 in the same room 10 feet apart and both respond, can't check a timer that I set up in one Alexa upstairs in Alexa downstairs. And many more things. One star less, still a pain to try to make it work, hate the Tell Kenmore Smart . and it responds You don't have a washer in your Kenmore account. And the account is linked with a WASHER.
After the last update its voice recognition is become much more hopeless.. just feel like breaking it into pieces..
Uninstalled until it supports voice wake up. What is the point of hands free if I have to open the phone and click a button?
With the new update and widget it has turned my s9 into a power tool. Now you have three different options to control and search.
Not meant for New Zealand. Buggy app, when selecting default music as Spotify it shows up but while playing it errors out
One of the worst app for the kind of work it is supposed to do and company like Amazon being behind it. Half baked, half tested and half working. Crashed most of the on my Samsung Note 3. Renders the phone to such slow speed that you can't get anything done. To top it all Amazon echo wpuld only work through thus app..So go figure out what scam it is...
Verile, assertive and masculine, yet seductively female. Her voice thrills me.but on the other hand I'll feel like a cheap tool by following her commands. (sigh) I kinda wish she was a real woman, and not just a super-helpful robot voice. She sounds so sexy and seductive, I sometimes find myself as if I'm in a vortex, helplessly being pulled into a relationship that will start out fantastic, but reducing me to a sex addicted slave to her every command and desire. On one hand I'll feel completely fulfilled, but on the other hand, I might feel as if I've been tricked, bamboozled, or deceived into falling in love with a machinated piece of software, designed to sell me anything and everything that my bank account might allow. Needless to say, she leaves me feeling drained, but far from fulfilled. She just might induce me to refill my prescription for Lexapro, go buy some liquor, and sit somewhere deep in a swamp where I can be alone with my thoughts.
The app is buggy, echo setup is a pain, my wifi network does not show up. Navigation in the app is unintuitive.
Would be brilliant if it started working again. All I get is connection timed out! Seriously Amazon!
Well I changed my rating as I could notice improvements. Still missing the feature to connect to fire tv and control it.
Just amazing, cant wait till she can do more things like ,Alexa Print my shopping list to the living room printer . Brilliant.
Total time waste I tried 2-3hour to connect it to echo but....... faltu ki nautanki krwalo inse
Why dont u use gps for accurate location, what usually Google do always. I can't setup my location manually, i live in moulvibazar, Bangladesh.
I don't think that you should sign in just for Alexa like there no reason to sign into it its not like Alexa is inappropriate for children and it's not like its only made for teenagers and plus its not like Alexa plays curing in the song she cuts out the cursing parts
The recent update with the UI changes to the shopping list bahavior is a frigging disaster. High latency and list items moving around as you try and check them off leads to chaos as the wrong items get removed.
Usually it works just fine . But lately I haven't been able to get the app to work ! Any suggestions
Just bought hundreds of dollars of amazon products, echo plus dot etc just to come home and have this app not download. It keeps going to 100% then not installing. Tried another app after this to make sure its not my phone and it all downloads fine
It appears the Alexa app doesn't work under Android version 9.0, at least not on my Pixel 2 XL. Alexa somehow became disconnected from Wi-Fi and I cannot reconnect, using the current version of this app.
Error. Connection timed out. Please try again. I can't even open the app.
Suddenly it stopped working after the update , tried to reinstall but does not work . it sucks , the amazon echo suddenly has turned into a box of no use , any solution ????
Error: Connection Timeout please try again. This happens every time I try to get into the app. I've logged out and in and deleted and reinstalled the app.
Holy algorithm aids app. I'm honestly not even going to use my Echo because of the constant pop-ups, this is insane.
This app works when it wants to for Android. When I bought my echo dot, it wouldn't even connect to their system to set it up. I had to use my wife's iPhone. Now to just change the WiFi network it won't even find the echo tap automatically or proceed past the manual connection page. It is just a poorly written app that needs to be rewritten from the ground up instead of a poorly port from Apple.
Needlessly complicated setup, and difficult to navigate for someone not technologically inclined.
Extremely difficult to get the app to even open. Even more difficult to keep it from crashing. Even worse than the HBO Now app which is really saying something.
It just gives me a something went wromg error when i yry to link my comtacts and goes back.
Echo spot not supported now it just quit working.
I love it but i dont always have wifi for alexa so it would be nice if you could bluetooth music from your device while not connected to the internet.
This app is horrible at changing the wifi connections with your alexa echo device. Locks up and doesn't reapond.
I can't get audible selections since the last update. Please stop breaking your product when you update it.
It keeps coming up with Connection Timed out please try again. I wasted $89 for this
Really needs hands free voice control so you can control the music selection while driving.
Great app once you get it going, set up can take up to 5 times to connect to my Echo v2 run it off my S8note , not sure what the issue is ...frustrating, if it would hook up seamlessly would give 5 stars
It stops when running. I will have to do things quick in the app before it stops.
My alexa worked good when I got it at Christmas.now it wont even connect to wifi and I cant get it installed again What a waste of time and money!
Latest version of App keeps crashing on Android Oreo 8.1. Please fix this ASAP!
Not useful and it needs a lot of access in order to function. Sadly I can uninstal it.
Device pairing does not work with Android Pie. Had to use Android Oreo to pair.
Cannot update the app. Getting error code -505 Anyone know why??
Keeps crashing no matter now many times it's reinstalled.
Horrible no one should ever buy a Amazon echo speaker half of the time it can't understand what I'm saying and when use this app to play the song or artist I want she says the name of the artist or song and when I repeat it to the speaker exactly as she says it and it still doesn't understand what I'm saying the talking feature of Alexa is useless I end up yelling at the speaker because it can't understand me
Gud work but need to improve add more information about India and local that will make alexa impressive
Works ok but is sometimes sluggish.
Worst i am in pain after being amazon alexa owner
Programs should include controversial topics and subjects. Religion and sex.
Android P. The app will not load. Just sits in a loading screen. Please update, billion dollar company.
Hey, I'm from India. I have a fireTV stick. How do I set up my Echo Dot so that I can control the fireTV stick? In my version of the alp I don't see "Music, Viseo & Books", I only see "Music & Books"
App is not working at times... I had the to uninstall and install to work.... I bought echo which is great... But this app needs modifications to enjoy the experience
Won't allow me to move to the SD card. Quite a big app at over 250mb.
Drop-in doesn't work any more.
Very very slow. The updates are slower.
Needs improvement. You can't scroll through your history without it jumping further down the list than intended.
I can't add someone to my household it just spins forever and never reaches the login screen for the addition.
Why i don't have options to control fire tv. My options shows only music & books.....video is missing....why? It's latest app.
App crashing on mi 5 with Android 8.0
Can't find hands free Alexa
Love, music and information on weather. My granddaughter 4 loves it too
Echo dot v2 will not connect to 5 ghz channels It only connects to 36 and 48
Sucks They make it impossible to sign in
Please make it little fast ! Its too slow even on good Internet speed.
I can not install this app. No matter what I do it won't Install
Slow and not user friendly
It's so incredibly slow and bulky
Where is the Brief Mode button?? The update removed it from the settings! Please fix
Not all the features are available
Alexa should play songs from my phone library too
It waits forever if you want to change settings.
Connection is always time out!!
Unable to reconfigure wifi..
Brilliant app o use it all the time
Best app for best device. Recent casting features is a thumbs up, thanks Amazon.
Just don't like amazon
I love using my Alexa and finding out all the stuff I can do with it.
This App is 100% for my Echo Spot
Can't open app so can't get to my devices.
Good but buggy. Needs improvement such as editing your TuneIn favorites list.
I love the part where I have to reset the Echo. Every. Single. Day. Regardless of which room it's in.
b'This app is really good I love it and I think it can help other people??????'
Our government is not working
Thank you master google
App is so slow
Not very good
Can't get it to download
Since the update can't switch devices!!!!!!! Fix it!!!!!!!!
I love controlling Alexa with my Bose QC35II headphones!
Alexa, play despacito.
Awese app
Can't connect easy smooth
Working great on Android P
Doesn't work
Alexa play despacito
nyc ai system
Good good I
b'Love question of the day, 20 questions, music, and general knowledge ??'
Unwanted bloatware
It cannot play single song which is not proper.
It stupid
Liked it cause ot is goeswith my alexa
I think is cool
Better put delete all for the recordings
Need improvements
Where's EZVIZ APP???
Pretty good!
Great app!
Great app!
Super
connectivity very week
Its handy
Nice aap
Great app.
Thanks
That's awesome
Awful
Awesome app
Fun to play with
Its amazing
Nice app
Awesome
Love
Awesome
The shopping list layout was changed recently and it's harder to navigate. If I want to type in an item, it takes a while to get the app to react to adding an item or if I'm in the store and I want to swipe away the item that is now in my cart, it doesn't disappear right away. It has a lag. I have to swipe a lot. I'm standing in the store trying to delete something just so I can see what is next to put in my basket. The old look was faster and easier to use.
This is nice app but really needs to integrate with other Amazon services better. I have to look up a song in Amazon Music to figure out what to tell Alexa to play because she plays something different by default. Otherwise, Alexa's functionality is great despite few bugs I have encountered as an Echo power user. It would be nice if reminders could be enabled in the Android app, not just on an actual Echo device. I would have no need for any other AI assistant if they improved the reminders.
An excellent app and service. I think some forget that these apps are designed to work on a broad range of devices, and that not all users who complain about it fully understand the functions and limitations of their device. Not do they fully appreciate the current limitations of voice command technology... Alexa simply ain't human.
I used to be able to ask Alexa things like a skill while away from my dot through the app. For months now I can ask what the question of the day is but can't hear Alexa read it which means I can't provide a response. When I respond, the app doesn't realize I'm trying to answer a question. What happened to this functionality???
I go to the Alexa app and it says it is installed on my computer. Then where the hell is it. I can't find it listed anywhere. I've only been trying for the last four hours to get my new echo hooked up and working. You would think one would plug it in and away it would go. No that's not the way it's done. I have gone thru all different way to get it to work. I guess I'll Have to get some young teck save kid from off the street to get it going.
I have an android and for some reason the function that allows you to see what's playing now and to change the volume doesn't work on my phone. I know you can just speak to Alexa and she'll do this for you. I'm talking about for when I'm further away and she can't hear me. This is very annoying. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app a couple of times and it still doesn't work. 7/20/18 Still nothing has been fixed
Installed the app and it crashed. Unacceptable. No other app on the store crashes on install. Then when I try to use the web site?? guess what it forces you to use the app. When someone comes via a browser, they want to use the damn browser,using the app should be optional. Fire the developers. The echo is a paperweight for me , not like I am gonna buy a goddamn fire tablet to make the thing work.
I seem to be unable to open the app: it just keeps bringing me to a page that says "Sorry something went wrong" with no explanation when I click it on my phone. I tried redownloading and reinstalling but nothing seems to be working. Can't set up my new tap until this works so it's a bit frustrating.
I have several Echo devices at home and office that I'm trying to manage with this app. The connectivity with any given device is intermittent. Streaming music through one device or several requires persistence and patience: each device seems to have its own exportation timeout and will stop working/streaming and then start up again at random intervals. I know I'm supposed to check my AP/router but c'mon, wireless isn't rocket science any more and I don't have connectivity issues with other devices. There doesn't seem to be any support from Amazon beyond "use the Alexa app" to address your issue. #fail
I use echos primarily for smart home control and for the multiroom music. One feature that would make this app much more useful is a more robust music controller. Its frustrating to try to play a specific app or song when Alexa doesn't understand or can't find it. Currently you can see what's playing and control volume, but there is no way to search Amazon Music or any other service for that matter or to sync currently playing zones. Think Sonos-like controller. I love voice, but it's not useful when it doesn't work. These feature suggestions would fix that.
Everytime try to login it shows incorrect password. After setting up a new password it still shows that. The app doesn't even sends OTP if trying to create a new account. Yes, I have given the app all permissions too. Didn't expected such a poor app from a big company
Extremely frustrated with the fact that it refuses to let me upload a photo to my Echo Show. Every time I just get an error that says "Failed to update background photo on device". I don't get this issue with Prime Photos, but I can't scale the image to how I'd like through that route.
I can't access my account setting on mobile app. It am trying to delete vioce profiles since Alex'a seems have us all confused. I want us to all to have our own voice profiles. Since you can't do this on web browser I'm annoyed. My laptop is out of commission currently please fix for android users!
I have echo plus gifted from USA, I bought fire tv stick. My echo plus is unable to control it. Echo says to goto Music, video and books and link devide.In my Alexa app i don't see video. It's just Music and books. Is it that video doesn't support in india. Once it's fixed i will increase my star rating.
Rubbish. Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for selling music unlimited and echo product and not writing the app to play albums. It seems you can only choose playlist or stations. How stupid that amazon know that the spitify skill for echo boxes can do this and they can't. And Amazon's music helpdesk is pitiful! Spotify has my custom again as amazon with echo and alexa apl just can't cut it!
Uses too much space for too little functionality, 242 MB is the size of the app itself. Data and cache are on top. The adults in this household have long ago given up on Alexa and her "intelligence". Since the only users of our Echo are now our children who still get the occasional kick out of getting Alexa to tell them corny jokes the app will be disappearing from my phone in the next 5 minutes.
Not able to search for music you have to scroll from A to Z. Would be good if had a list of albums as well. I know that you can ask for the artist or albums but sometimes you do not remember what's out there until you see it
Very cumbersome and horribly laid out. The worst is that I just wanted to adjust the settings on my echo dot, but it just kept sending me notifications, so I install and uninstall it each time so it doesn't clog my phone up since once you turn it on, there is no where to turn it off....
The latest update was supposed to correct the phone using the cellular network whilst connected to WiFi but it has made no difference on my S8 which continues to do just that. Please fix this. Another update today, 13/7/18 appears to have corrected the cellular problem. I'll keep an eye on it for a few days but, so far, so good.
Very slow and full of bugs no matter how fast your internet is. Newer updates are making it even worse. With recent update all echo divices in my house stopped working with my syska smart lights.
The app itself is not takinh my password , i don't know what is wrong witht his app either it says the password is incorrect or it collapses... Don't know what to do can't even use echo dot feels like useless
Why selling alexa devices in india if they are not supported yet, i bought Amazon echo dot and fire stick, i couldn't control fire tv with the alexa because most of the functionalities are disabled for india market. its injustice for Indian customers.
Buggy rubbish app. Wont access my songs bought off amazon. When i try to do anything takes me back to home screen. Very poor
DRAINS BATTERY FAST!!! Noticed this several times now. My Samsung Galaxy S8 popup will complain about it too so I have to remember to close it. Makes me not want to use it at all.
I have been using the Echo device for almost a week and quite satisfied.. the sound quality is too good and it won't let you feel you are using a small speaker. Available skills are so good so far but needs a lot of improvements. Some bugs needs to be fixed: It stucks with green light blinking for quite long if you try calling Echo device from your mobile and call is answered. While on the call, It doesn't listen to any command even 'Akexa hang up' :) even the action button doesn't help News brooding skills are not quite useful. most of the tune, they say 'no headlines' Have more detailed feedback if you are ingested to best...
Can't get the app to open (every time I do, it just closes down), so can't set up my new echo dot. Not happy.
Read bad reviews about this app. But tried it and had no trouble downloading it or getting connected. I'm still looking through the app. But mainly got it for echo 2 to play music and have fun asking it questions lol
This app is excruciatingly slow. And, there is no way to delete or cancel some things in Alexa. Even when it says there is. I have to do a total reset to delete.
The app crashes on my Android 7.0 based Samsung Note 5. From the functionality and UI standpoint the app is neat but some bug fixing needs to be worked out so that it doesn't crash.
Awful app. Could it be made any less easy to use? For an echo device that disconnects every 10 seconds. Money well spent? No.
Couldn't connect my wireless using Alex app on my Samsung Note 8. App keep trying to connect my wireless. Uninstalled and installed it again but still couldn't connect. Installed the Alexa app on my iPad and connected to my wireless with no problems. Not sure if it's my phone or the app that's the issue.
Downloaded app and it keeps crashing, won't let me stay in app and boots me out everytime so far. Haven't been able to even try Alexa yet. Don't even know what to do. Tried uninstalling and installing many times but same result.
I cannot get the app to load, it opens but I just have a loading screen, I'm running beta Android P and a Pixel 2 XL, this hasn't opened for me in months!!! Please fix this issue :(
Great app. Works well except for the fact that when I go to voice recording history there are some that say failed to load and it won't let me delete them. They stay like this and I've never been able to delete them. Please fix this.
I downloaded, logged in, and then sit and watch three blue dots blink for 10 minutes. Uninstalled and tried again. It has now been 2 hours and the three blue dots are still blinking. App doesn't work. Using Google Pixel XL with Android P v9.0 Update: after the latest update on 6/28/18, no fixes. Still doesn't work at all. Just the three blinking dots. Update: after the latest 7/10/18 update, no change. Update 7/18/18, still not fixed. Very dissatisfied.
I love my echo no problem and the app makes useing it easy and allows for all the setup, but the app is broken. Between the not loading and the boot outs it's annoying. If the loading problem is fixed the app will be amazing.
man what in the world happened to mu device and this app only shows us music media like pandora spotify which is not available in my region India. my region is set India but the app still shows the skills and music of US.I tried resetting alexa and reinstalled alexa app but still shows the same , is it happening to all you guys i cant even talk to alexa te to rectify it there should be a contact to te for this rectification. Please Help by responding Alexa Team
Can't even set up the Dot. Not an issue with my network, app keeps on failing to recognize the Dot. I have three Google Home devices which were insanely easy to set up and work beautifully. This app is useless. Returning the Dot, uninstalling the app.
If you live in Canada I'd suggest staying away from Alexa. It is not nearly as useful as Google.
Didn't expect such a non user friendly app from Amazon. The app seems to lag in every aspect starting with the actions and data updation. Not at all a plesent experience.
Unable to open app. uninstall/reinstall cannot sign in to app ! I expect it has crashed, however, it would be helpful to be told to try later, if it is experiencing problems.
No access to Amazon Music Unlimited despite having a subscription. Amazon Music Unlimited is supposed to be in the Music & Books section but that only shows Amazon. 9 pages of things to try that can not be deleted because I might want to see them again. No support in sight.
I like the app but today the brief mode stop functioning. Its enabled but doesn't work. Perhaps it was the new update. Update brief mode is now working! I do love the music functions of the app!
Eeewww not good ratings but we'll see. Ill give it a try.. Already have Alexa, why do I have to install this to use settings? Strange!!!!!!!!
Do question of the day, and occasionally you say answer B and it thinks you said answer D, I was on a bit of a roll as well. And some things Alexa just simply doesn't know. But very well worth £35 all day long.
Still non-functional on Pixel 2 XL running Android P DP4. This app is literally just a wrapper of the browser web app. How can a company of this size fail so badly at making a browser wrapper??
Rubbish app doesn't work on a new Galaxy tab A 8. Can't wait for sonos to partner with google so I can use something that will work.
slow and clunky. Should be faster. Like it takes 5 seconds to load the settings screen on my new phone.
Wake word detection needs some work. Users expect something similar to "hey google". So when alexa is set as default assistant i can't speak to alexa directly. Other than that alexa is way better than peers.
I'm unable to use this to deliver commands to Echo device while little away. Not sure if this functionality exist.
After working great for months no longer connects to Bluetooth. Amazon Tap/Alexa is a waste of time and money.
Every time I sign in it tells me that I need to enable the cookies. I do and it still doesn't work. I hope I didn't waste my money or time.
b'Disappointed. That you can only use the skills of the country your in ??'
So unresponsive. I love, love my Alexa devices but the app is just horrid. So unresponsive. You touch an option and there are huge delays before it responds.
Amazon are really poor at linking their apps. Trying to search for music in the music app and play it on the alexa devices is not possible unless you Bluetooth. The alexa app makes searching for music near impossible for those that get frustrated trying to get alexa to understand your music request.
Since the app updated I changed my WiFi provider ... Since then I am unable to use the 2nd echo's we have in our home.... The app will not allow us to change the WiFi over as soon as I put the password in it says it cannot connect yet all my other devices work .. I now have 2 echo's that we can't use !! Tried ringing support but they blamed the internet provider .. so frustrated !!
Alexa hears me but refuses to follow commands as simple as setting a timer. Too bad I can't send it back
I feel like my parents trying to use the internet when I try to use this app. It's awful
Was good, most recent patch is terrible. I mostly use the app for shopping lists, but now the performance is really really poor and sliding/editing entries from the app is very hard
Poor app experience. Alexa lost connection to the WiFi network for some reason, when I try reconnecting using the mobile app, it just spins there without ever getting a lock on the network every other device in the house otherwise gets
App broke yesterday, tried to uninstall and reinstall several times. It also broke 1 of the 2 echos that i had. Gave up and went to bed. Woke up this morning to find that both are working again
The app no longer let's me log in, it just crashes after the sign in page. So now I can't add new Bluetooth devices to my Echo. Maybe Google's smart device is a better choice.
In theory Alexa is a good idea but I believe its execution is poor. It is unintelligent, often doesn't know what I'm saying or what I mean so I find it easier just to goto Google assistant on my BlackBerry rather than attempt to get Alexa to figure it out. It's a bit of a party trick, some less technologically advanced people find it hilarious when it has no idea what you want but that just annoys me. If it was up to me I would get a Google home but I got two echos as a gift and if I don't use them they will think I don't like it! So now I'm stuck shouting at a dumb robot trying to get stuff done. Seriously amazon, it's artificial INTELLIGENCE, sort out the intelligence part!
Last update seems to have fixed some issues, actually functional for the first time in months.
App won't connect with my echo dot. Tried using instead of Google Home. 100% sticking with google home. Has been a terrible setup experience
Keeps crashing right after I open it. The last update must have induced this since it was working fine before.
Awful, awful app. Completely unnecessarily complicated and unreliable. Setup requires a captcha, then a login, then another login with a captcha and then a two-step verification. It frequently crashes during these steps. The state of this app is an embarrassment.
The app was fine until it forced a persistent notification that I cannot turn off. I am uninstalling because I do not need it clogging up my notification drawer.
The app no longer opens. Just keeps trying and trying. Now I can no longer view shopping list while at the store. App is useless. Uninstalling
The app is very laggy. If it were a free service it would be fine but Amazon prime is not free. Needs to be improved.
Latest update broke Brief Mode. Alexa says "ok" at the end of commands now even if Brief Mode is on. Annoying. Please fix!
App slows down and crashes very often. Takes a very long time to koad settings of my Echo Dot, etc.
Pants! problem after problem after problem. It's actually hindering my life now just constantly trying to get it to work
using alexa dot but not able to playing various songs which are available in saavn. And many songs are not available in amazon music. So waste....
Spent a fortune on setting up the whole house with Alexa's this app has a dated interface, basic functionality and lots of hugs for example droping in and calling do not function, also I believe the app should be more like smarthigs allowing you to control your home with touch not just voice.
It's was great until the latest update. The shopping list is so incredibly slow and frustrating to use. It's one of my favorite features.
Needs the ability to change lights to any colour rather than the preset few. Most low cost smart bulbs have colours that are way off so being able to set a custom colour on the alexa app and set up routines to allocate a voice command for these would fix the issue
This app is closing automatically on my note 5. Not stable. Please send me a solution
every time I open this app to set up my dot it says unfortunately Alexa has stopped working! ! WHY??
Most recent update fixes issues with Android P on Pixel XL. Still a little slow at times but functional.
Following latest update, Alexa app crashes immediately on startup. Unable to use app at all.
Widget, finally. Thank you!! I really like the Quick Settings Tile, however it is really slow to activate, about a 5 second delay??
This gadget is nice, Works nicely , sound quality is good, build quality is good and featutes are also satisfactory Need improvement on 1. Hindi version 2. Songs of wynk, ganna also should be allowed 3. Wikipedia must be there And more improvement amazon can do for indian standard Thanks
Every time I try to set a repeat alarm it won't let me save it just freezes, the app layout is terrible and confusing, listen to your customers look at the reviews or we will leave
Works okay most of the time but when trying to use the lists feature sometimes the items on the list dont sync with other devices and when I try to cross things off the list, I get an error message saying, "Server error, failed to mark as done."
I wish I did not get the most recent update. The shopping list is now horrible to work with! It is super slow to add and remove items, using it while at the store is a waste of time, very disappointed!
Would be nice if it wouldn't make me sign in every time I have to close it to check my email for the verification code just to turn around and tell me every verification code is incorrect. At least with assistant or Cortana I don't need or require an account to use it
I'm not able to talk with Alexa without tapping the button If you make to talk with Alexa with out tapping the button like (ok googl() we say to talk with Google if you keep it like that it will be more easier to use.
The app doesn't respond. I've run games on my phone smoother than this app. Trying just to look up an artist doesn't even work
I like the Echo products, but the Alexa app has stopped displaying its Home screen when connected to WiFi. I see similar complaints on the internet, but don't see any resolution.
I like controlling my daughter's Echo for bedtime music. It's little tough to find things in the menus. It's not as intuitive as other Amazon apps, but everything's there. Still working very well on my Moto X4.
I am not able to connect it through wifi. Help me. Otherwise i am gonna return alexa today.
The feature i use the most is the shopping list in the actual app, and it is so slow and unresponsive as to be virtually unusable at the moment. The delay between pressing something and it actually responding is untenable.
All I get when I open the app is the three little dots flowing left to right! What a joke!
Update broke the app. Won't even load up completely before it just shuts down again. Can't use my Alexa now, because I can't connect it to a new Wi-Fi network.
Can't connect to my new echo. I have to manually attach the echo to The Amazon WiFi but after that nothing happens. App stops and I can't progress to attach it to MY WiFi. Rendered my echo unusable
Will not work. Tried downloading 2 times and restarted my phone but after I log in I just get 3 dots and will not move past that.
App crashes as soon as I try to log in. Using on a Samsung Galaxy S8. Please patch soon.
Keep saying something went wrong every time I try to sign in. Extremely frustrating. I regret buying my echo dot speaker. Shame on u developers.
So it tells me I need to update this app, then it says "This app may not be optimised for your device". How can this be as I have an Amazon Fire ? What a load of £&£#%
The link account hyperlink does not work inside Alexa app. I am unable to connect my account of uber, ola and zomato
It doesn't give enough time for commands before it says "I'm not sure I know that" . And I'm still talking!! Keep trying to set an alarm... but no joy yet
Every Amazon app asks me to update chrome. And stops working. I cant even login. Nexus 5x running latest Android and chrome version. Help!
It does nothing unless you pay...when. when you put in all of your Amazon details and Spotify and map details and done all of the word recognition it's a pile of poo
Log into the app and it closes tried 5 times some thing every time
Alarms sections just stops responding and unable to turn alarms off through that or alexa...
Doesn't respond well and lacking in intuitivness. Painful to use for something that is supposed to be so modern and clever. Avoid for now.
App crashes after entering my password...? Can't even launch it
Multi-room Music really SUCKS. Doesn't work. This app is a pain in the a$$
Not that interesting device from leaders like Amazon ! Very amature design and hard to use any skills ! Way behind Google Mini in all aspects !
Echo dot won't work until I update my WiFi, and when I try to it goes back to the home page, so I can never update it.
Awful connectivity issues- will not connect the echo dot to my house wifi although there's nothing wrong with it
Everything good inside.... But take too much time to open.... Frustrated
The frustrating app, it's cannot reliably perform a simple task like changing WiFi settings on an echo.
Cannot login. App times out every time I open it
trying to setup alexa on android and just keeps saying connection timed out. tried uninstalling but no luck
Latest iteration killed drop-in on my VZW Samsung Note 8. Earlier versions worked flawlessly.
App works very slow. It should allow blocking Bluetooth devices. It is very important.
The latest version of the Alexa app allows you to control what is playing on an Alexa enabled device through Amazon Music without having to pair your phone. I've been hoping for this feature for a few months, but was entirely disappointed when trying to use it. For one, there's often a significant (>2 second) delay when interacting with the Amazon Music through the app. Second, there's no ability to select a single artist whose music you want to play. Instead, you are restricted to selecting either Stations or Playlists. Third, and this is by far the biggest- there's no search feature. So if you want to play "The Beatles" station, you have to select All Artists (A-Z), then scroll through THE ENTIRE GLOBAL LIST OF STATIONS looking for that artist. Let's say we want to listen to a playlist by artist instead. You select the "Playlist" tab, then "Artists", and again are presented with no search feature. Even better, the entries aren't alphabetized. You literally have to scroll through thousands of unsorted entries looking for the artist you want. In its current state, the Amazon Music portion of the Alexa App is literally unusable.
It doesn't even respond to anything...like nil..I installed it and couldn't instruct anything..like it's doing nothing takes hours to open only!!!this is ridiculous!
This is not working on my Google pixel 2. Just see a white screen with blinking ellipses
Worst App they can't even allow to use my own device as Wi-Fi hotspot.
I cant open the app on my Samsung GalaxyS8+... What's the problem ....
Won't even log in. Keeps crashing out.
App stoped working on my phone. Tried to reinstall now won't open! Please fix this now.
This is the most useless app I think I have ever came across! Very sad
Latest update just crashes when you try to open the app.
Large file size requirements, slow to load, have to call Amazon to unregister phone number
Very worst AI for this cost. Expensive and can't understand anything by alexa. Never go for it
Needs a search function! Incredibly clunky and slow if you have a lot of media, e.g., on Audible, and the voice function isn't helping, which it almost never does especially with complicated titles of classical music
It is very useful and good for us I am very happy
Always say that network is not connected..even wifi and mobile network is working fine
I can't go into the app. It keeps on saying "Connection timed out"
Slow web app, device setup doesn't work
I have same problem. Cannot open app and Alexa also not working.
Isn't working properly with the Android p update. Please fix! Pixel XL.
App no longer works... Immediately crashes when opening. I have a LG V20.
What bug fixes ?I'm not updating till I know what's been fixed
Not only is it pretty terrible and slow when it works but it crashes constantly
Im slowly setting up my smart home,this app is wonderful.not only does it turn lights,TV and other things..but it also works on my Heat and ac
Worked well enough until 7/26 Now the app won't respond, nor will my Echo
Too complicated. It takes ages to figure out things. Just hate it!!
Hate and boycotting Amazon until they are off Trump's council.
v2.2 - no issues with this app. Would like to be able to get to current installed skills easier rather than having it buried.
I live in France and my account in amazon is French of course....WAKE UP GUYS AND PUT MORE SKILLS IN ECHO what are you waiting for there are so many gadgets to use with and the stupid skill is not there ALWAYS! And the funny part is that with google home works almost everything!
Recent update has caused app not to open any more.
Crashes, won't stay connected to WiFi. Update don't help. Very disappointed.
The shopping list has become almost unusable at this point.
Would not even let me log in. Just closes the app every time I try to login
Not compatible with my mi pad. What a disappointment!
Does Alexa plus have the option to change unlimited colour with hue? Don't know.
Ive been reading the comments! I do not have any Issues on my note5 app. nor at home with my alexa super.. RTM
For some reason it is not giving me an alert when I get a text message from the app. It just started out of nowhere. Please help and fix it
Love the app and my echo dot so cute and sooooo useful
Ok for my limited use EXCEPT there is supposed to be DirecTv support now (released July 11?). Not in my app. When do we get it?
I can't login and it keeps saying incorrect password even though it is correct. I'm about to punch something if the doesn't fix
Stuck on loading screen for hours on galaxy s6 edge
Worked during set up. And now I tried loading the app to make a password for my bluetooth and nothing will load.... Idk what to do.
App crashes when trying to open it on Android.
Updated yesterday. Now it just crashes
I love this so much but sometimes the echo will think I am saying its name when I'm not rather then that it is perfect
Amazing App. Feel Sorry For The People Who Actually Thought This WAS Amazon Alexa
Unable to create new user id.
Why can't i use 1 device to control my alexa and that device also be the hotspot for it to play from smh
Doesn't allow saavn as default music app. I guess want to sell amazon prime.
Unbale to open the app , it's crashing
It consistently has error messages that kick me out of the app.
It's amazing VRA for getting things done, but compared with others Alexa little slow, need to improve....
Since latest update ' to fix bugs'... App won't open on Galaxy S8 / S7
Doesn't work on my Samsung tablet
Now works on Pixel XL running Android Beta P.
I like it but wish the home automation was the front of the program
Very good, butthere are so many 1,000s of skills they are difficult to scan through.
It is a very bad app
New version added yet another step just to play our paid Amazon music service :(
The app doesn't even load up anymore the dots just keep moving left to right.
Its nice but a change in wifi it takes time to connect and even if echo is connected it shows dive is offline.
Cannot set up my fire tv stick for voice control with any of my alexa device.
Alexa, write me a short review, then set an alarm for 7 a.m. Then order a pizza.
Can't connect my husband's account to my app with my prime login...it just keeps spinning and spinning, for hours!
App force closes itself every time i try to login, using LG stylo android.
Sometimes it shows the device is disconnected.
Ja ist echt ok dauert zwar immer beim Öffnen aber sonst gut
Not Bad, Alexa is a bit slow to respond after I have clicked on her.
Please add stop to key words. Stop reading cbc I said STOP. Pos
b"Doesn't work on my ??."
OMG, it's fixed for Android P! Finally!
The app isn't organized.
It's great, But can you please make it available for the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3?
So far it's very cool but it eats your battery up fast. Amazon you need to figure out how to use less battery.
Doesn't connect. Stupid
Please add support for the timezone America/Regina. ( GMT -6 and no daylight savings )
I have found a list of bugs in this app. Works for what it needs to but definitely needs some fine tuning
Lame. Opens up randomly.
Worst app ever made
It's ok... Not the best though...
It's not even close to what Google assistant can do
Doesn't load on my oneplus 5T after update
Poor app. It takes tooo much for loading
Wouldn't open on my Samsung Galaxy
I cant connect to my echo show
Need a lot improvements, very limited uses
Fixed it for Android p beta 4
I think it is the best 17th ever .
Rubbish. Keeps crashing.
No voice training app for my echo !!!
It is so try like a hamburger
I can't add a second echo spot on the app... Why ?
I like my Alexa app and my Alexa.
Great addition now only if it could make calls
Would be a five star review if I could setup household profile
Use it and my echo for everything
It won't even open.
I married my alexa
Sorted the spot.... still frustrating at times but good app
No way to control the sound volume from this app??? You should learn from Google Home!!!
Best thing since sliced bread
Must install if u have The ECHO or ECHO DOT or ECHO PLUS..... Awesome App
Home screen Black.
Can't connect to Alexa app Just keeps shutting off
I can't sign in
Google asistant is far more intelligent than alexa mobile
Lots of useful skills, and pretty good music fidelity.
Is fixed thanks
Works great with Smartthings home automation and my Echos!
wouldnt even open
It what I need
I like thes
Blank app nothing is showing ... Even my network connection is good...
Could be better but Alexa is my buddy
Please provide gaana enable to alexa skill
Amazing & too much fun. Entertaining every day.
Thank you so much. I so happy
It is amazing how technology works nowadays.
Go Alexa
It sucked
It's amazing
100% useful
Connection failure
Connection failure
Unable connect
Worst one
Crashing frequently
Not good
Good product and very usefull
Got to learn more about this app
Can't sign in??
Love it!!
Quite
2 wirds it amazing
Nice app love it
Yey
No
Frustrating!!!!!!!!
Brutal
b'????'
b'??'
Works gr8
Very helpful
Just right
Useful app
It awesome
The best
Good working
Stupid
Pathetic
Love it.
Awesome
Good.,
EXCELLENT
Love it
AWESOME
Best
Enjoy it
Nice
It's a great companion app for the alexa devices, and use it frequently to manage my skill and smart devices. However about a few week ago I realized my wifi and LTE would be on at the same time and could never find what was causing that. I later found out that it was this app doing this. I am using a galaxy s9 and so is my wife but she does not have this issue, only me.
Latest update supposed to fix cellular usage while connected to WiFi, but it doesn't on Samsung S5. I still show both icons. My Samsung tablet SM-P600 has persistent notification "Alexa Accessories" that I can't get rid of.
Completely and horribly broken on Android P. Yes, I know it's a beta but it's a public beta. And I imagine millions of people are using it as their daily phone OS. This has been a known issue from day one. Let's get it fixed people, c'mon!
Hi..am happy with the product, but have an issue with the Alexa app on my Note 8. When the Alexa app is enabled in the phone, the mobile data indicator does not go away when connected to a wireless connection. It goes away when I "force stop" the app. Looks like the app is back to its creepy ways again!!...11-July-2018-even the new update do not solve the mentioned issue.
b'Keeps on crashing. Worst experience. When I open it, sometimes closes on its own, or when I go to the settings etc, the screen keeps on blinking, and I am not able to do anything. Want expecting this from the renowned Alexa ??'
I don't normally rate apps, but the "Alexa accessories" notification that won't go away is annoying. I just want to add my feedback that it needs to be changed.
In the screenshots shown here in the play store you'll see the blue Alexa button with which you can have the same interaction as with your device. This whole button is missing from my app and the app seems quite useless. Would be nice to get more info about how I can use this!
I really liked Alexa when I first bought it. It was fun and useful. Then we lost everything on the app because it was coming in Canada, finally... but seriously, it is so awful since...apps are dumbed and worth nothing. Last winter I heard that alexa was finally gonna be available in french...I'm still waiting...and worse, since I changed my Internet furnisher I can't use my alexa at all because it won't connect to the new wifi! And now since today the Alexa app made an upgrade and I now have a f... app always running and draining my battery... So I Uninstaller the Alexa app and I'm seriously thinking about buying a Google home!
The app as of 7.11.2018 needs some major bug fixes. Mine will nope be able to function at all, like I'll open the app and nothing works, the only buttons it shows on the bottom is home and the stack of horizontal lines button and they int qork at all. Even when restarting the app. All an all if things worked I would give it a 3 or 4 star app mostly user friendly.
Way too slow for me. Takes forever to display a list. My only use for this is lists. Abysmally slow. Won't work at all, to display a list that was already displayed 1 minute previously, without internet connection.
On my S8 this has caused my mobile data to remain active at the same time as WiFi causing my battery to rapidly drain. Verified by uninstalling the app. Probably won't be installing it again until this is sorted. Latest update meant to have solved this. It hasn't.
Regarding the alexa accessories that keeps appearing. If you go into your settings and disable notifications from the alexa app it goes away. Took nearly half hour on chat with customer services to resolve this. Although why it appeared in the first place still eludes me
I primarily use this for grocery list/shopping list but the app is so slow to load the list. And then if you leave the app and come back it has to reload the list. This especially sucks if you're in the grocery store with spotty coverage. Why doesn't it cache it locally?
You said you fixed the samsung problem with both wifi and mob data running at same time. S8 Galaxy still got same problem after this update :-( uninstalling again pls fix
the last version wouldn't let you change any of the Echo speaker settings current version doesn't get any further than login all I see is the icon at bottom and a white screen with 3 blue dots turning on and off from left to right when using the current beta of Android P
If I want to find info? I will look it up myself. If I want to listen to music? I will turn on a radio, go to tune in & select what I want, or go to my music collection & set up a playlist & hit play. I am going to figure out how to root all my K-fires & get rid of the drek like this bs. How much lazier as a species can we possibly get?
Was working fine then recently started having issues connecting to my Echo dot. I uninstalled and found and slightly older version. It appears to be running pretty well with 2.2.213903.0
Latest update supposed to fix mobile data connection in Samsung phones didn't work, still seeing double connection when connected via Wi-Fi. FIX IT PLEASE
Using data whilst connected to WiFi. Still not fixed in latest update despite it saying it was. Totally unacceptable.
I don't know what this "Alexa Accessories" persistent notification is but it does nothing and there's no way to turn it off. I'm uninstalling and buying a Google Home.
Cant log into my account at all .. have Samsung galaxy s8, app just stops working.. dosent say wrong email or password just kicks me right out(both are correct btw)
Alexa works good but app won't let me change any alarm or timer sounds. Stuck on only one sound
Since update Alexa Accessories notification always on uninstalled reinstalled Alexa app disappeared opened Alexa it's there again . GET RID OF IT 1 star wiil give 5 when you've sorted problem out
Used to be good. But after last update constantly running in backgroind and on drop down list, very annoying.
Something bad has happened to this app. Used to be good, now literally crashes everytime and won't let you login.urgent fix needed.
Typical amazon software. Crashes, freezes lots of error massages. Edit update: As of 08/09/2018 it's still cr#p
Just wow. Originally used to configure my Echo devices, and now I can voice control any of them remotely and command my smarthome devices. And it seems to work flawlessly.
I'm always travelling a lot due to my job I have a Alexa show in the dining room and I have cleaners what come in and it is so easy to talk to them plus having a smart home all I need to do just ask Alexa to turn them lights on and off having Amazon Prime Music playing in the house without any other device needed or stereo
Buggy app. Not able to pick call. Keeps ringing, answer button green color does nothing, red color disconnects call. Issue with voip call setup. Random and useless skills makes difficult to browse and use skills.
Recently it would simplynotload on my Pixel 2 XL with Android P. I have tried to reinstall, but it did not solve the problem
I bought The Echo dot for myself at Christmas and i love it, It plays the music i like and answers most of my questions. I call my family with it as i also bought my kids one each asa Christmas presents too. Wouls miss it if i lost it somehow Thanks a lot for a wonderful gadget
The update intended to fix the cellular connection issue did nothing.
Latest update was supposed to fix mobile data being used while connected to WiFi... It hasn't. Samsung Galaxy S8
This app is frustrating, specifically the lists portion. It takes forever to open and load your list. Also the text entry /editing is cumbersome and checking things off does not move them to the bottom of the list like some other apps.
I'm using a ZTE Z963VL and am having the same issue with both my 4g LTE icon and wifi both being on at the same time, and also this new "Alexa Accessories" notification that has no purpose...
What is Alexa Accessories and why can't I turn off the persistent notification? It does absolutely nothing. Uninstall.
No support for fire tv stick in India when it was launched long ago in other countries. Why this differentiation? I should have purchased Google home. Waste of money.
Last update does not fixed the connection with 4G and Wi-Fi still connected together it is not fixed next couple of days I'm throwing Alexa in the bin
Literal pile of garbage. Just doesn't work about 50% of the time loading times are always unacceptably slow but sometimes it will just freeze
Since the last two updates I'm using both wifi and phone net at the same time it's even worse since last update too
Latest version got rid of brief mode? I liked the beep rather than Alexa saying "okay" every time I turn the lights on and off...
Why does this app need the internet, if you don't have a connection **poof** not working. But anyways its pretty average to use
It's not loading. I've downloaded this all twice today. I'm only able to log in via my Amazon account. Nothing works after I log in
My biggest issue is that I cannot control the bass! It's too overwhelming and there's no equalizer.
Latest update is causing my mobile data to remain on even though I'm connected to WiFi!
I now have a permanent notification that says Alex's Accessories and does nothing
Latest update cause app to no longer work with my echo
The app doesn't work!! All that happens is the dots
Please make an alexa widget, i would like to use her now that shes on my phone, but it would be nice to get to her faster. Also, how about android wear? Wake on command word alexa.
Latest version 09/07/18 still won't load on Android p beta on pixel 2.
After a slow start and learning how to use its not so bad can be fun
The app doesn't let me do anything anymore. First the app would load forever when I tried to access skips, so I cleared app data, and now it loads forever after I sign in
b'WTH!!!!! Since the last update I am unable to log into the Alexa app. ????'
APP DOES NOT WORK. LATEST UPDATE INSTALLED.
Too many problems and bugs to list.
Slowly improving, but still not there yet,...
Overall terrible app, tune in doesn't work properly, Alexa accessories stays on the phone screen non stop, buggy and disappointing
This app is ridiculously slow and laggy.
Even after update the app still uses cell data when connected to wifi.
Don't recognize new Bollywood songs
Would be nice to control Alexa voice volume independent of media volume. More granular voice control over volume.
The 4G fix has not worked on an S7.
Does not work on Android P.
Does not work on Android P
Three dots still...update fixed nothing. Note 8
App is turning both the WiFi AND Mobile Data on on my phone at the same time. FIX IT.
Doesn't respond. I have to press the home button to activate her.
It's very worst app
Frustrating to setup or reconfigure echo
Keeps showing Alexa accessories in notification bar.
Impossible to connect alexa...
Downloaded app took ages and it won't function.
Didn't fix cellular bug
The best ever AI app i have ever seen its really awsome
Improve on image when need be.
This app is alexa and alexa is great! Defiantly 5 stars.
Could have more.
Oh baby a triple
Works perfectly with Sonoff devices, eWelink & Samsung phone.
For the most part it's a very good system
I love it, so helpful and fun
Good job Alexa
Nothing works
Freezes a lot
Completely useless
b"Now that's a good job by amazon????????.Thank you\xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba"
It's too good
Asime
It is awesome.
Love the possibilities
Very nice
still learning
Useless
trash
Great#
Love it
The app no longer works on Pixel XL. It just shows loading dots. I just moved and needed this to set up my smart home control with echo dots. It was a cumbersome app to navigate before. Now it is useless. How could a bug like this impact so many users for so long without a fix!?
Everything worked till today, when suddenly when i try to play some music when Alexa said that isn't connected with my Wi-fi. I've restarted my modem and then the Echo and now when i try to reinstall Amazon Alexa App it doesn't work. And my Wi-Fi works perfectly. What's going on?
Having Alexa in my pocket, not so sure I need it, like having 5 wheels on a bicycle. However to interface with my family at home using the drop in feature makes it indispensable. I wish it would play nice with Android auto and work handsfree in the car.
This app is so unbelievably slow, that is when it actually works. I used to use Alexa for my shopping list but since it won't open or is so slow it's useless at the store. Sometimes (whether at home or out and about) it won't even open. It just shows the Alexa logo but nothing happens. Really, Amazon should do better than this.
App is painfully slow. We tell Alexa our shopping items, but app doesn't work offline when you get to the back of the grocery store and service is no good. Music is good but can't be streamed to more than one device. Overall disappointing.
The app is decent, however it has lots of bugs and provides poor ux. For example I removed an action in the routine editor and tried to add another one but it keeps ignoring the new one and adds the previously removed one instead. The routine already messed up, it stops after the first action on my alexa spot. Is this tested at all?
Disable smart network switch. Can't even start it. On S8 can't even find smart network switch complete rubbish. What had my network settings for to do with this anyway? Uninstalled and sent echo for back. Will get Google device.
Basically non-functional. Can't even get to lists or get anything to work. Clearing data does not fix this. Broken on cell data and Wi-Fi, other apps have no issues. A miserable excuse for a companion app to an otherwise excellent product.
I am strictly reviewing the App. Not Alexa or the Dot. As far as setting up the Dot with the App that was fine. Other than that the App is frustrating. It is poorly laid out and can be slow. The Skill search is really lacking. There are a lot of pointless Skills out there. That in of it self is fine. Amazon just needs to filter those out unless they are specifically searched for. I don't have many Skills enabled due to this. To much garbage to sort through to even find something remotely interesting.
Horribly unresponsive, after using the app for a few minutes I have to close and open the app for it to work properly. I was thinking of buying an Alexa device, but if they are anything like this app, then I have no idea why they have become so popular.
Was working fine till one day it stopped. Tried all possible methods but it would say connected and never work. Shows error again and again. Tried customer care, they sent a mail and that doesnt work too. Not a happy echo customer.
The latest "update" has caused my phone (Galaxy S7) to keep the data connection on even when the WiFi is connected, so now I have the data connection and the WiFi on simultaneously. Besides that the app takes a long time to startup.
First ridiculously slow, hate those gear screen, these guys needs to be educated on caching. There is no was to submit feedback, although they have a menu help and feedback. Why I needed to use it instead of talking to echo dot, because I asked echo to play sitar and it had only one song that's all. How ridiculous I am paying full music subscription and one song only. How sad state of affairs in its development group. Bad search bad functionality.
Just downloaded the app and as others have said, it doen't work. I was able to enter my Amazon username and password, but then it sits on the home screen with those blinking dots until I force quit. I went to the Amazon website trying to troubleshoot, but all I got was "reset app, reset phone, or uninstall/reinstall." None of those things worked.
The latest update broke the voice assistant even further. First of all, Alexa is not capable of invoking 3rd party skill in one utterance. something like "ask my skill to do something" is never successful recognized. so you have to "open skill" first. however, after you open the skill, Alexa will say something and then the session just ended. so frustrating! used to be I can still restart the session by long pressing home button, now this hack is also gone, it is a now completely new session. Bad bad update, need a serious fix please. Downgraded to a version in July. Now it works okay. Warning to users: please disable auto update.
Does not let me open skills. When I choose skills from the menu, it just sits with the little dots flashing. Then it freezes my phone.
I love the app and the echo itself! But it would really be great if Alexa could actually tell you where your stuff is at rather than telling you when it should arrive. Common sense! Why ask her where your stuff is if she won't tell you where?
Well I would give the app 5* when I would be able to add my Spotify account, what seems to be impossible because I live in Europe. What I found out is that when I change my address to one in America I get the option to add it but I don't want to mess with my account. Please do something about that. We here in Europe use Spotify as well, so just to let you know :-)
I would totally give this app 5 stars if every time you do an update it did not make me have to reset every one of my 27 Philips bulbs! It is so tedious! I have tried everything. I have called Phillips and they said that issue is not on their end. I just don't understand it! The only reason I'm not giving it one star is I absolutely love the convenience of having everything I have set up with Alexa...
I am using Alexa dots for home automation. There is no way to arrange and group buttons to match the rooms. There should be a way to create a dashboard for icons for different devices. The icons/buttons should all be live on the dashboard screens
This app is just the worst. It's unresponsive, slow when it does respond, and it hangs up when doing something as simple as saving an alarm. This is absolutely awful for something that could be among the most useful apps there is.
I can't speak on the device, but the App setup is stressful. I had to log in no less than 10 times, on an account that I know the password for, and then with the code that was sent to my email, well, the App is still thinking as I type this instead of allowing access to the app. Unbelievable.
Alexa is my favorite AI assistant, but I absolutely loathe the fact that there's no wakeword integration for phones. It's ridiculous and actually frustrating. 1 star rating because of it.
App won't even install correctly on my pixel 2. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling even reset the device. Nothing will piss you off more than when it doesn't work like it should
This app is causing my 4G to be active while my Wi-Fi is on. I deleted this app and post that the phone now only shows Wi-Fi. I am using s9 plus with airtel
This app was cumbersome but fine, until it stopped working altogether. Now it opens but just shows loading dots. Zero functionality. Has been this way for weeks. I'm on a pixel 2xl
UPDATE JULY 2018: It seems they've fixed the problems I was having and I can also now set the Alexa app as my assistant on android so I can long Press the home button and talk to Alexa without having to go into the app. Only complaint so far is not being able to have Alexa control the phone (ex. Ask Alexa to open an app). UPDATE JUNE 2018: This app is NO LONGER USABLE to me as it says it's always offline. (I assume this is because I always use a secure paid VPN connection, and I refuse to shut off and make all my other app's traffic on the phone vulnerable just to use this app). It no longer gives me reminders on the phone set on my echo, it no longer allows me to drop in, it no longer allows me to send texts from my echo... it's utterly useless. It used to work with my VPN but now they must've decided to block my VPN connection. If Amazon doesn't fix this issue soon I will be switching to Google Home (which has native support for my Android BlackBerry phone). The same thing happened with the Amazon Shopping app too a few months ago too so I deleted it from my phone.
Since the recent update, Mobile data is never turned off, even when the wifi is connected. The 4g symbol remains on even when wifi is on. Uninstalling the app fixes it. A lot of other people are having the same issue so it isn't just me
Not ready for prime time. Have smart home using Alexa. Outside of that I'm not seeing this app being useful. Google voice gives me more use.
After last update when is app open phone switching to LTE instead to stay on wifi.Interaction with Alexa on cell phone is nice but again annoying OK -TOO LOUD! Where is promised "brief" mode ,follow-up mode ??
So after the latest update (26th June), Alexa is keeping my 4G active, even on WiFi. Force stopping the app fixes the issue - but it shouldn't be an issue in the first place
I really dont understand why this app has to import all of my phone contacts into my echo devices. It is such an inconvenience. My echo devices are for family use and my contacts are just that "my contacts" I wouldn't save my work contacts into my home phone so why would I want them on my echo devices. Why couldn't it be like everything else and let us choose the contacts we want to sync with the app? There should be also be a way to disable receiving phone calls on this app. My in-laws call my wife on my echo show alot and would like it so I dont receive every single call from them simultaneously on my phone and echo show.
July 9th update did not fix my mobile data issue on my Samsung S8. Recent app update kept mobile data and wifi on at the same time on my AT&T S8. Once I allowed permission to access my contacts, it turned on my mobile data. WTH? Fricking annoying. Uninstalling app.
Until it comes with voice activation it is completely useless to me, to quote Back to the future 2 "You mean you have to use your hands? That's like a baby's toy". Get it sorted.
When on WiFi it also maintains a 4G connection which just kills the battery, why are both connections required? Uninstall app and phone goes back to WiFi only. Uninstalled permanently now.
Appears to be incompatible with Android P Beta. Launches to 3 dots and doesn't connect to new Echo (still the case 26/6/18)
While using the dropin feature Alexa show is not disconnecting my call it still shows on call and i cannot do anything very frustating i have an emergency and cannot comunicate
This was an ok app until the latest update. Now, when the app is running on my Note 5, it makes both the WiFi and data icons appear in my notifications at the same time! Stop the app from running and problem resolved. Amazon - Sort it out!
Newly added notification shouldn't have been enabled by default. I'd rather see conversation mode enabled in Canada than such unwanted feature.
It hangs a lot of times I have to re connect it intact for every day. The app crashes, so I uninstall and reinstall install every time.
Devices using Alexa require "re-pairing" for use. The devices that do pair when in range usually do not function properly until disconnected and repaired with Alexa. When the devices do work they are great. Still a bit to unreliable for our purposes and for that reason we remain very limited to what we buy. Depending on what your intent is for Alexa I suggest a strong search of the product before you buy. Some reviews can be trusted but most are posted from user's who's primary use is Alexa as a toy. Do your research before you purchase. We use these devices in the security business.That said they are monitored 24/7 partly to insure they are still connected and working.
The good but the latest update causes my LTE mobile icon to constantly be one. Please fix this. Many others are having this issue (after checking Reddit).
Useless. Won't even start after logging in. Sits at blue dots, then basically freezes. LG-G6.
The app is useless on Android P beta, just sits there with three blinking dots and doesn't load.
Not ready for Android P. Using Pixel 2 on current beta, app only goes to login screen and then shows 3 dots cycleing but never loads.
Installed it on my Pixel 2 which has Android P Beta, and the app has been showing me 3 blinking dots, since forever.Too bad
After a recent update all I get is a screen with three blinking dots. Pixel 2 XL.
Good app that's regularly updated, though you can set Alexa via voice to do an Alarm to a radio station at a specific time then go into the app and set it so this alarm repeats daily - but setting up an alarm just by the App only allows default alarm sounds and it's been this way for quite awhile now so id rate it 4/5 stars...... there's also an issue of my phones 4G connection being active constantly even on Wi-Fi & force closing Alexa turns the 4G connection off...Not sure what's going on there but I hope it's fixed soon so I'll rate it 3/5 stars until it's either fixed or I find out why Alexa is maintaining a 4G Connection.
Doesn't make it past the loading screen after login. Totally useless . Wonder what I'm gonna do with my echo now.
App is broken. Just sits there with three blinking Dots. My echos are useless right now
More than half the time the app is stuck loading and I can't get anything done
It is slow. It cannot control my fire TV where as it works in US version. Why some skills are disabled in India version beats me.
Cannot download since upgraded phone to Huawei. Shame because worked just fine!
Crashes and says "Amazon Alexa keeps stopping". I'm on Android 8. Please do something about this new update.
Has a lot of functionality, but the interface can be painfully slow no matter which device or internet connection you use, and doesn't remember your place when going back and forth between screens
b"It's not working properly my Samsung note 8.. I perches only 3 days alexa eco plus.. But alexa app always stop and closed the app.. Sms.. Worst app for amazon alexa.. It will damage my note 8. Pl asp nobody risk it to dowenload its below 0000 star ?? worst worst and very fake app not working my phone note 8"
This app is very slow and control less. Amazon didn't give proper app for this 98mb
I need a full french english Dictionary. Why it is so difficult to include ? Also it won't allow me to do. What is the use if alexa cant help me by telling me the meanings and save me a fortune in time? I need the US n FRENCH contrnts available in INDIA.
Takes way too long to sync devices. Freezes up during sync. Just very clunky and difficult to use.
Like many others, app stopped working on my Pixel 2 XL with Android P. Opens and then just sits on the three dots forever. No amount of clearing data, uninstall/reinstall, etc. fixes it.
Stopped working, can only use her through my phone, she has no voice, no lights, nothing
I'm guessing the app hasn't been updated to work with Android P yet. I'm running Android P beta on my phone and the app doesn't work anymore. When you open the app you getting a loading screen and nothing else.
It won't even work at all on my phone. It literally just acts like it's loading for hours and has never worked once. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it didn't help. I tried restarting my phone and it didn't help. I give up.
Alexa suddenly stopped working for my wireless plugs and for just telling me the time. "hmm, something went wrong. Try again in a few minutes." What happened?
Apps work very well on Android Oreo (latest) but refuses to work on Android P beta. Had to back down from P to O to get the app running
After the last update this app forces an LTE connection to be kept open even when on WiFi. This drains the phone battery faster. Please fix.
Used to work well, once I log in it just crashes, I'd like to use this app to call a device while away from the network now it just sucks!
I hate that it forces an icon in your notification bar. The only way to remove it is to force stop the app. Makes me less likely to use it.
Bad though waiting ages for releases in the UK, but now all three speakers will not connect to Bluetooth using the app
App error I can't connect with internet m try ao many tym with other other mobile but app error force close when m try to connect with internet to alexa please fix it.. as soon as possible
Finally got it to install on my Huawei p smart phone.. great app bit needs to be quicker at loading up
It sucks. It is unable to pair to other btooth devices. Screw bezos
b"Very honestly. Average. Nothing too great. Simply an 'Average' one??"
This app is seriously sluggish and painful to use. Most of the time I have to force close it because it stops responding.
Unable to connect with firetv... Rest all awesome... :)
App doesn't work on pixel xl android 9 developer preview 2-3-4
The Alexa feature is awesome. I love playing Saavn, and using this app for shopping list with my voice. Use it as my default voice .. Google sucks ! Please add ability to play video
I Purchased Echo Spot but unable to add to my Alexa Device as it not showing option to add Spot device
Very very Slow , clumsy UI, far from giving me the control I want on my Alexa devices
If you have Alexa you need the app. I wasn't sure BUT it was a gift so I tried it, and I love it!
Reasonable features but let down by the speed - it's ridiculously slow compared to Google keep if you want to add anything to lists.
Installed the app and it will not let me sign it. Just pips up saying connection timed app. Terrible app
I don't like the fact that it drains my battery because it's constantly using my mobile data even when I'm on wifi. That needs to be adjusted.
b"After the recent update, the app doesn't even respond. Nothing happens. Just look at the progress bar and be happy. ??????"
App is getting crashed as soon as i opened it. Sometime it works by opening again but getting crashed as click on home icon.
this app js awesome ive been using it for five sexonds and i already love it im sighning of its you boi roy hashtag gary windthorp go follow me on insta at william.chapman.00
Does not work on Pixel XL. DOESN'T WORK AT ALL! loading dots
Let's me login, but it's unusable after that. Seems like the app never finishes loading.
The fact that I have to go through so much set up, notifications, and allow Amazon to have insight into every aspect of my life in order to use my Echo dot is BS
Nice product, app sucks. It is not responsive and stucks even on fast internet connection
I don't know what I would do now without Alexa. I've had it for over a year, the best money I've ever spent.!
The doesn't really allow you to do anything. I hate when the app
Amazon needs to work alot on this app,it's disappointing.
Worst app behavior.. link dont wrk.. doesnt wrk with social login so on..not expected from amazon
It might be ok on an Amazon device but on an Android tablet it's worthless.
Can't load skills any more, defeating half the purpose of this app
Cant set up a voice profile at all coz you app not formated right and i can even scroll down the page to continue, whats up with that,not everyone got a 10 inche phone
Slowed down after update since a week or so. Quite unusable.
EVIL! HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO THESE PEOPLE! AAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!
Awesome and Awesome More features needed like there is only music and books option please add Videos to it... Like in the International app. And rest is appreciated
The app was fine until the recent update, now it keeps my 4G running constantly even when I am connected to WiFi which is causing more battery drain on my phone than usual, as soon as I force close the app and take away its mobile data permissions in the background, the 4g sign goes off and its fine, as soon as the app runs, same issue again. Amazon, please sort this out!
It does not work on my phone redmi 4
Have been trying for two weeks to get this back up and running to no avail. I've been using the desktop client as that's all that will work.
I enjoy everything it offers. My only suggestion is in the reminder section of the app. It does not have the option to set those reminders on a monthly basis.
Bottom nav bar doesn't work. Nor does half the app.
Incredibly slow to load and run, and then it repeatedly said I was off-line when I had excellent WiFi connection.
The latest update doesn't load any content at all on Pixel 2 XL after login
Doesnt work cant connect to Wi-Fi
Doeswork with andriod 9 now. It didn't before but the OS is in Beta.
As others have said the app just stays on the 3 dots forever after logging in, tried restarting phone, reinstalling app etc. Amazon, fix this!
Keeps my lte data on. When I'm on wifi. Won't use until fixed. If it don't get fixed I will sell it and go with google
Sometimes I wonder if Alexa hates me..will not respond
This new update turns on both my WiFi and Mobile at the same time. Why?
Really laggy at the moment, so slow.
Make 1 book to lean how to use properly . It's too good If I make my phone like javes
What's up with keeping both my WiFi *and* cell connection active at all times??? You didn't think we'd notice? #BigBrother
I cannot connect the amazon echos (show and the other one with the screen) to eachother. i cant drop in or anything.
great way of playing music. every time I play music it's clean and fresh.
Constantly crashes and stops working.
Stopped working on my S8.
Look's like an app old that since 2008 did not recieved any updates, (improvements)
I am using Google pixel 2 and this app is not working on that.
U can call only those who have signed in Alexa
It is everything at my desired but it doesn't know some of the things that I want to know
Completely broken on Android P
It doesn't work constantly
It doesn't works properly
Pathetic device...pls use Google Home that's far far better.
I don't have a alexa icon in the middle of my screen. how so you turn this on?
Show Connection time out please try again all the time, couldn't open it for weeks.
Latest version keeps switching to mobile data despite constant Wifi connection. Fix this please.
Can't get enough! Love it. Control most of our house lights and use Bond for fan speed and lights.
App never works.
Constantly crashing on my s8
Worked fine, now on Pixel with P beta, the app does not work at all. Just refreshing.
Remove the forced tap for Alexa nofication!
After latest update, it won't open anymore. Just three dots
Cannot change WiFi password on echo spot
It never got launched after initial wifi setup of the device.
I never use Alexa but I keep it on m my tablet just in case...
I can't connect to my echo spot as it's not a device option!
Little hard to navigate through the app which was a little easier more featured would be nice all in all it works
If you buy from anyone but Amazon it will not work don't waste your money
It's crash on starting
Does not control fire stick TV in india
90% of my time using this app is the loading graphic.
The current version forces wifi and mobile data at the same time. FIX THIS!!!!!!
App won't let sound come through phone speakers during video calls
The app is great, only one issue is with the loop controls, when I ask it to loop a song, it does not loop it.
Its good but when will you bring echo integration to fire tv in India?
Add music and add call option from mobile.
Doesn't work on pixel, especially skills page, as it just displays spinner.
The update isn't updating c'mon Amazon do something
it dont open on pixel 2 xl
App not working on pixel 2xl
I love that I can set reminders for my echo while not at home.
This app hasn't worked for months now. It simply won't load.
Won't open,Only process dot showing
Where is the follow up mode.?
App is nice but fix the cellular data while connecting to the echo
Doesn't load anymore
Won't open on Android P.
b"It won't connect to my device! It's not working! Plz fix it fast!??????"
Love this enough to have 4
Won't load. Just three dots. Time to give Google a try.
App is not working
Needs better user friendly layout, too dark
It's the best I could connect it to my Alex it's the best
Nice app to listen music,and calling porpuse
Is really good fir every body.
Getting one soon! Hopefully it's good.
Love this app I really recommend it.
Enjoy having it wherever I am.
I call mine Echo. She is simply the Best.....
vailable We
Cannot open on phone rubbish
The Greatest IA App Ever
IDK its pretty great i guess
Its gud
It should be better than it is.
Alexa is horrible
Great Alexa superb companion
Love it, it's great!
Just, AWESOME!
I really like it
This is so good
It is gust great
Wastage
Poop
Memes
Sucks
Oiii
Lism
Love it!
Good app
Slow
Nice
Good
Voice is the preferred way to interact with Alexa I dare say, which is just as well because this app is diabolically bad. A second rate, hard to use interface sits on top of buggy unreliable code. I'm not even sure how some of the functions are supposed to work and I used to design UIs for a living. And to top everything off, the app logs me out periodically, probably to teach me a lesson, although what that is, I have no idea.
It wont even allow me to open it. It says "Certificate error. Please update Google Chrome." Problem is... My google chrome IS UPDATED FULLY. I deleted and redownloaded like 3 or 4 times but kept saying the same thing. Using an LG Stylo 2v.
Used to be good, no longer works on Pixel 2 XL even after 2 updates. Emailed support through the link at the bottom of the screen only to get a reply saying this was Echo support and they couldn't help me and I needed to call app support.
This App will not load fastly, consumes lot of space and has lot of bugs, if you can't improve the UI and accessibility then it's very difficult for user's. Google Home app is so much better than this. Still Alexa has to improve the skills respective to India. We can't find much skills with respective to India and also local language skills.
There's so much to improve on. 1. Why can I not use voice commands? Any time I attempt to use Alexa through my phone it states "voice commands are not supported on this device". 2. Widgets. If I can't use my voice, at least give me a widget to quickly hit, which I can assign to a routine. Currently, I must got into the app to run routines. 3. Back to voice commands, and notifications; you guys took a step back. Please separate notification types like alarm and reminder notifications from the "tap to use voice" (which doesn't even work), so that I can disable that annoying notification, while keeping alarms on. Thanks, hope this helps.
Unreasonably slow. Basic functions like setting up a device or connecting a household took at least an hour due to nevending load loops or unexplained failures. Amazon Echo works great; this app does not.
6-21-18 update: App still blows. Seems to get worse with every update. Slow. Features often don't work from update to update. Oh and did I mention how God awful slow the app is? It's so frustrating. I have had an Echo since pre-release of the original. Currently have 2 Shows, 2 Dots, a Spot, a second gen Echo and even a Tap. But this app makes me want to get rid of all of them. In fact, as soon as the Google Assistants with screens come out, my days with Amazon will be over.
Video messaging rarely works. Sometimes there's no sound, sometimes the sound plays from the earpiece rather than the speaker... It's kind of pointless to have a video chat but have to hold the phone up to your ear to hear. As much money as Amazon makes, you would think they could afford programmers who know what they're doing.
App used to work ok on my phone until the latest update. I played song quiz often with no problems but now I have to tap the button every time to interact with the game which is a hassle. If isn't broke don't fix it!
Can't login, it just tells me to enable cookies, which are enabled. So at the moment the app is totally non-functional :(
Unable to open skills. Still loading................. Reinstalled the app. Still loading ...... Very bad user experience. While login it asked me to enable the cookies in the brower. Not sure why. What should i do to make it work ?
It wanted to verify with code but after getting email code you go back to app and it want to send another code. Endless loop. Very annoying.
This app is absolute garbage, does not even let me set up my echo because I cant disable "Smart Network Switch". This setting was made redundant in the operating system so there is no way to disable it and therefore no way to use my echo. Pathetic.
superb, awesome, just love it. using eco spot i didn't face any problem , some people(Google home users) may be jealous abt it so just ignore them ....
Alexa has a tiny brain today. Can t give the weather @ right location. No technical support but Bots.
Doesn't respond to voice less than 24 hrs after install. Requires access and defaults use camera when doing voice calls. Why? Echo to echo calls don't so why should this
Latest update ruined this app. No longer worked on my Pixel 1. Couldn't perform any Alexa functions; was just instructed on screen to ask specific questions, as if in some kind of endless tutorial. In the end had to uninstall the app, switch phone off and back k on, reinstall the app and go through set up again.
I am just getting an error enable your cookies on my browser... I am not able to access it on my android phone ... cookies are already enabled on my device ...help to fix this team
Last update knockednout my intergration with my alarm sysyem. Now it doesn't work by using Alexia. Very frustrating app now and experience. Overall I see this getting worse and continuing to decline.
Lot of skills required for echo india like sonos etc .. and also alexa app has lots of bugs and problem..Even it takes more time during starting of app
On pixel 2 XL with Android P beta, latest app update hangs on loading screen when I truly to go anywhere but the home screen
No security, so hopefully you're cool with any one of your neighbors connecting at any time and randomly blasting their music or having phone conversations in your home.
Impossible app. Can't set up Echo Dot, app keeps crashing.
Very slow. Takes to much space. Doesn't respond very well to commands.
DON'T UPDATE! My phone auto updated and now I can't log into the app which I found out AFTER I left the house and tried to access my grocery shopping list!
Doesn't yet work with Android P on my pixel 2 (20180626, beta version)
Doesnt work anymore, can't connect to the internet and I can't reset it in the app so it's useless now
App keeps asking me to enable cookies in browser. Apps are supposed to work without browser!! Please fix this. (Samsung Galaxy S6)
Since the update I cannot connect my Amazon tap through the internet it can only connect through Bluetooth I use this service on my LG v20 and it also helps with information
Cant even log in cause of Cookie Problems. But cookies are activated and all other Amazon apps are working completely fine. HTC U Ultra Android 8.0
The app does not load and I had to use another device to setup the Dot. Please Amazon do something about it. I have a Google pixel 2XL
I will forever regret for buying this product.This amazon alexa app is even worst than internet explorer,it is slow,it hangs,it also does mentioned anywhere that we can't connect this thing with our own mobile hotspot.dont go for it and if you already purchased this thing and downloading this app then get ready to regret.
Worst app for a smart device.. does not connect to new WiFi easily.., does not connect to fire stick..
Gui could be a bit better, otherwise great functionality and well thought of. I love the ability to control my echo dot either by voice or using this app to find my music. Great for when you need to be hands free
Can't get app to open. It just constantly sits in queue. I can't do anything which is terrible for how many Amazon devices I own.
still no option to change voice response. no brief mode. rubbish
Doesn't work on an LG G5. The Echo is great but the app is unusable.
I really didn't think I would use my Dot often but this app has me hooked! My Morty did really good w this gift. Easy for Pepper to use. Smiley face here!
App is stuck on the load screen. Un/reinstalled. No change. Worthless.
Doesn't work.... shuts down everytime when trying to open app
Why HEOS skill is not activated for Alexa India...this is just careless approach to one of the biggest market for amazon.
It's very useful specially if you have smart plugs and bulbs, great to use as a virtual assistant and cooking temporizer, now my cooking game is on point.
Been waiting months and update after up date I still can't use brief mode
Does not work on Pixel 2XL.
It would be cool to have an option for an alarm to brighten the screen with a specific color to light up the room as you wake up.
Great app but amazon needs to update it. The firetv cube shows only as a Bluetooth device. There needs to be settings aiming towards the cube
I wish Google had 0 star ratings
I have to force stop every time I'm finished using it
Not loading for Android P beta.
Just doesn't work
Asks for cookies and won't allow me to log in. Please fix
It's slow and clunky
Can not log in and shows connection timed out
I like it but sometimes it is hard to connect to the Wi-Fi
She wont play music from spotify anymore
No video How to use this app
Needs less skills that cost this all should be free we already bought the Alexa
Can't change language for in-app Alexa
I'm just getting started
Can't download at all
connection time out,why?
Super!
Great app, good companion for the voice interface
Works well.
Works better then they say it does
I want to be a better teacher to Alexa
Poo pool
Gud app
I'm new to it, but I lOve it.
I love it is a big help
Great app. Lots of fun.
Osam
b'Awsome ??'
b'??????????'
Excellent app
Lovely
I have the Alexa and I love it. However the app sucks. It's always been slow to load but now it doesn't. Actually it will open but when I push the list link it just works and works and never comes up. And the list are what I use the most on this app. Actually it's pretty much the only useful thing. Update: June 2018 - The opening speed is better but still does lag. I love the lists. And there are some skills that are handy rather than just silly or nonworkable. I am excited to see that Routines have been added to the built in skills. This means I won't have to say 'turn on' or 'turn off bedroom light'. I can say 'start my day' and the heater, light and flash briefing will all start.
Voice purchasing on app should be something to turn on, not off. I've been signed up to music unlimited for months without realising. My 3 or 4 year old must have done it, just noticed the fee coming out of my account to Amazon digital svcs. Obviously far too easy. I was only refunded for 1 month for a service I was unaware I had.
Doesn't work well at all on my Pixel Android Half the functions get stuck on blue dot loading screen. Won't work off of a hot spot, went.to "help" to get it to work on a hotspot, and the functions it tells you to use don't exist in the app. Contemplating sending it back for a Google home.
6/13/18 I cannot access my reminders from my phone on the app. This happened with the last update. I tried restarting my device, the echo dot, I tried my data and wifi connections and it just continously loads and nothing ever shows up. Everything else is working except the screen for the reminders. Edit 6/20/18 uninstalling and reinstalling the app fixed my issue. Everything is currently working.
The app and Alexa is terrible, I am always setting it up for about an hour... Now having a new phone and now its awaiting me again!! Neither customer service helped, had to figure it out by myself...
Quite a good app. I was looking forward to creating some routines however at this time it's quite limited. We have the Echo Show, therefore the screen is important. As a result they're are hardly any routines that take advantage of the screen. For example, I'd like to show my daily calendar and/agenda as part of a 'flash briefing' routine. Another problem is that there are not enough options and/or views to the calendar. Maybe have a day/agenda view, 3 day view, 7 day and monthly view.
Connected to my Amazon echo fine without any problems, but then the initial time was wrong on the echo so I've changed the location to where I am on the app yet its still not right, I have connected it to my Spotify but the echo just says to connect on the app, I gave it all the permissions it could have in settings yet wouldn't make a phone call. Have rebooted my phone, the echo and the app numerous times and nothing changes.
It's fine, or it was. It makes alexa go off at random times on my speaker. And weirdest of all, I ask alexa on the app what the weather is like and it tells me the weather to Fort Wayne, IN... I live in California. Please fix. My location is set already so why does it tell me things form Indiana when I live on the west coast not Midwest.
For pears sake. NOW app wants me to enable cookies. I have a cell phone where you can not do such. Even made sure all chrome and other browsers have enable cookies and cannot get past my valid login. Now I have an echo I cannot connect. Lost Google searches too. Buying Google home. By bye
Love my Alexa! Controls lights, sets groups of things to happen when I get up and tells me a joke when I want it. Plus reads my books when I'm tired.
My dot is connected but I can't get any music unless I sign up for 30 days then get charged for the service every month! I'm better off using my YouTube! What a ripoff! Selling my dot on Craigslist for 5 bucks!
Great idea, flop execution. Works pretty well for music but not much else. I really wanted this to play audiobooks with my family but there's 2 problems. First, it doesn't deal well with listening to multiple books at once or with updating the audible spot after you listen on echo. Second, which ruins everything else, it doesn't understand verbal commands well. It gets things with titles/names right only half the time. Non-name stuff works mostly but I rarely use those features.
The app not bad but is unfortunately unable to handle international people. Skill or any kits are blocked because my account is fr and my language is English. Kindle speech reader is too fast and not adjustable in-app. For audible, no access to audible.co.uk purchases. Expected fail :unable to find French artists or titles on spotlight, it's a long way before the app is usable for internationals. Funny but irritating from echo : Echo blocks searches for "bih" female dog as it potentially is a swear word ... No option to unlock this .
I don't know what's going on but ever since i updated this app my beloved Alexa (2nd gen) on my Galaxy S5 has turned into a temperamental toddler that does what SHE wants, WHEN SHE WANTS... Im EXTREMELY NOT HAPPY right now!
App has been reorganized and looks much better. That being said, why is this happening to be almost 300 megabytes? This thing needs to be trimmed down heavily. App should not be over 50 Megs.
The only reason I am using this app is because it's needed to configure my Alexa device . I find this app very sluggish , takes ages to load and takes lots of resources . I feel this app is not optimized on my phone . Do you have a lite version ?
Use to work fine. Now I can't do anything because it automatically goes to a page to connect with others which I'm not interested in. No matter where I go it immediately changes.
Issues with music streaming and sorting through commands. Also connecting to the new 12 volt charger alexa device for the car. Galaxy s8+
Doesn't work on Android P. I guess Bezos really hates Google. I would have returned my Echo had I not got it as a gift. Google Home looks to be a better option
Couldn't get it to work. Installed then entered my Amazon log in. Just sits there 'working" to load and goes no further. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times with same results
This app just doesn't work. When I log in, all I see are three animated dots - I can't configure any of my Echo devices at all.
Just about okay. I installed it, set it up then forgot about it. App is slow and buggy as hell. At least now I can use voice commands on Alexa.
When it works, it's one of the slowest and buggiest apps out there. Since a recent update (either Android P or the app itself), it doesn't work on my Pixel XL.
This is app will not switch pandora radio stations. I have updated pandora on my android and the website yet it always plays the same old station every time. What a useless app
Can't get past login on android. Sits on 3 pulsating dots. Had to use my wife's iPhone to set up the echo dot. Using pixel 2 xl with android P version 9 June 5th update.
It won't let me add a house hold member. I hit start and all it does is show 3 blue dots like its loading. I have uninstalled it and reinstalled, I have tired letting I load for 20 minutes before deciding to just give up.
Obviously you guys aren't listening to your feedback here because the problems are still there. Whenever I see that the app needs to be updated, it lists the same updated features as were on the 4 previous updates. Then I try to actually use the app & see the huge update FAIL. Please put the real developers back on updates instead of handing it off to the interns that have no clue with thier "trial & error" update protocol like Google does on their updates. SMH!
App utterly refuses to connect my wifi to my Echo, to the point I had to use a friend's phone instead. It is also very buggy and closes without warning.
Doesn't work on the Google pixel XL running Android beta, not sure if it's not compatible with the beta or if a bug with the app.
This is the slowest app ever. It took so long just to open and then to execute any command. So so bad
In the connect device menu, there is no Amazon echo spot option.? Also whenever I try to put on a song, Alexa says I need to download Amazon music or connect to Spotify. However, I have already connected Spotify
Doesn't work on Android P. I can't see my shopping list. I even reinstalled and same issue.
This app doesn't even load. Just sits on the loading screen when you open it. Absolutely terrible.
I'm getting redirected to a page saying that I need to enable cookies every time I log in. What?
If u say a word rong it does something very different and only has the answers for simple questions
Says i need to enable cookies on my browser (which they are) and it still won't let me sign in.
Something bizarre about this App it will not log in keeps telling me to enable cookies which are enabled.
I just got it so not sure yet, so far my new Alexa echo dot and app is working fine after my friend set it up for me yay!!
Used to work fine - now just spins forever. Tried clearing storage and reinstalling to no avail
Amazon apps have a MASSIVE ISSUE on Android devices where error -505 cannot install or update ALL AMAZON APPS!! Due to app confliction with other "Similar" named apps. Needs sorting!!!
This is a good app, but I have the beta for Android p and it doesn't load any of the pages anymore. Please help!
Barely works. Most of it doesn't. Feeling ripped for buying the Amazon Echo Spot
I like it but now the the app keeps saying unfortunately the app stop working I tried everything to get to work again but no luck I uninstalled it reinstalled and it keeps doing the same thing as before I have everything up to date on the app
App is too slow to load and which sucks a lot. Can you please make a liter version for the same. Overall like it.
Now it doesn't work. Not a great update. Please fix.
I am Canadian SiriusXM does not work in Alexa App
The app is too slow to load, and wastes your time.
This used to work just fine but all of the sudden it just doesn't work anymore... at all. Doesn't even log me in.
I downloaded this to play Skyrim very special edition and am very dispointed to say it appears to be region locked, of course. Thanks Bethesda.
Does not work with Android P beta
Was great bit doesn't seem to work on Android P yet
Doesn't work, freezes constantly.
When you ask where are you is accurate, but if you ask for the weather gives you the weather of a city a few thousands of miles away.
Will not allow me to add a family member to the app... When i try it just loads & loads never finishing
No longer works on my galaxy phone. I used it all the time. Please fix it!! Also, any Amazon app won't load.
You should be able to control what contacts can be called using Alexa without having to modify your phones contact list
5 stars if they incorporate the Alexa wake word with the Android OS
I like it, fire stick control would be really great.. Waiting!!!
The music is random and doesn't play what I want!
Would be much better if the settings activity didn't fail to load half the time.
It is not playing the full song it plays only a sample of the song
Please update for Android P
Only downloaded it to play skyrim, AND IT WORKS
It can't understand me because I have cleft lip.
Way too long loading between screens...
Got to figure out how to use it!!
It is amazing just like the real thing
b"Meh it's OK but SOW MANY SOUNDS!!! ??"
Every one should have one
Nothing works it's gay
Required if you own an Alexa.
b'Alexa to firestick skills are not available to India ??????'
Bad app
Too slow
Worst app
b"Don't listen to me poop. ??"
Broken
Great around the house
Dosent work
Lol?
It's great
Love it
Good
Good
Good
I've been trying to connect to the app 3 dots appear cant get past it cant go into the menu etc. Uninstalled and reinstalled didnt work I have pixel xl good wifi everything else is fine apart from this app. Surely when your device depends on this app to be useful least you can do it make it work and make it decent enough to at least get eco to connect to internet. Now i have eco and eco dot that are piece of junk because can't do anything to them due to app not letting me connect it to internet.
Voice recognition has come a long way. Worked great with Wemo and Nest. A feature I would like to see added is the ability to have the volume level set by time of day. Louder during the day and quieter at night when trying to sleep. This would be nice if you ask Alex the time during the night so she doesn't yell her response at you because you forget to turn the volume down before going to sleep.
As with most Amazon Android apps it mostly gets the job done but with a clunky UI, with horribly slow & overweight performance. Really rather poor customer experience but just about functional! Also tends to burn battery even when not being used. Come on Amazon, you can do better than this!
Still waiting on brief mode it's been months. Also if you could find a way to lower this apps size it's huge when you have a smaller capacity phone. This app is also so slow opening menus how does a huge company like amazon have such a poorly performing application.
So a few things. First, yes it's simple, it sets up my echo and I can make and receive calls etc with it. This leads me to my issue, why is it so "big"? For how often I use it and what it does vs the echo itself it seems like a waste. It would be cool to be able to split up and add the features you need to make it now manageable.
Latest update has forced the calling and messaging feature. Can't access anything except the homepage unless I sign up to it. Really poor, this has in effect rendered Alexa useless to me now as I can't make any changes to my device and refuse to agree to the terms of the calling feature. WELL DONE! *EDIT* I cannot believe that nearly 7 mths later, this is still happening! SORT IT OUT
"skills" mostly consist of the equivalent of the play store fart apps. There are some potentially useful ones out there but then you have the problem of Alexa not hearing you correctly or the service not responding. I look forward to the day this all works, but so far all the voice assistants are Minimally useful. The best, in my opinion, is Cortana but that's because of integration with my day job productivity tooling. When it comes to general usefulness is no better than the others.
b"Hi Guys!!! I am really happy with Alexa. After few days of use,it listened to me but did not play the songs..any of them. So I just kept it aside for a month and you know what...it started working well again!!! That's the remedy cause Alexa creates music problem almost with every user!!! But still I love it..????????"
I'm unable to use this app on my pixel XL. Once you sign in, it just shows the blue dots and never progresses. Useless. Update 6/14/2018: I changed the rating from 1 star up to 5. I did this because I remembered that I am on Android P Beta, not stable release. This could be the reason it doesn't work as it's supposed to. So for now, I offer my apologies, and reserve my review for later.
It's okay but a lot of the times Alexa just won't listen. The blue line doesn't move and Alexa just stops responding. That is quite annoying when you need her right now.
Along with my Amazon Echo, this app compliments it very well and does exactly as asked. However I feel a little weird using Alexa in the app as you just press the button and have to talk. I'm so used to just saying "Alexa...."
I don't understand why I can't set timers or alarms from my phone on Alexa, when there is a full page for it. It's not like it's a very hard thing to do considering the other technology in the app
This app works well on my Pixel 2 XL running Oreo 8.1; however, the same app fails to run on my Pixel XL running P. The app stalls at the screen with the three moving dots and hangs there. As it won't be too much longer before P is ready for general release, it would be good to see the app updated to be fully compatible with Android P.
I love all 3 of my devices but she sometimes just talks or will play music without being asked. Please update the software,its creeping out the wife
Slowest app I use... usually 10 second to get open... about 10 more seconds to open shopping list. (While shopping) 10 seconds to see my list every time I wake up my screen. Painful, but the functionality keeps me coming back.
It's OK. Can be entertaining. But still pretty glitchy. I was playing "guess my name" and I tried to pause the game during one of the clues and she said "correct! The answer was Joseph Stalin."
I had this app and it worked great before, then now I got it again and it won't let me log in because I need to enable cookies. Cookies is enables on every browser in my device... very frustrating.
Alexa and Echo as a whole are great. This app however is terrible. Clearly not an actual native app. Why do I have to wait just for a settings screen to load?
b'Using this forum to make a request. Can somebody program the Alexa to say your welcome if I instinctively say thank you after making a request of it? It would the polite thing to do and would complete the experience. Just food for thought. ??'
Alexa herself still needs a lot of work, and I am now experiencinf a glitch where when I try to send a text message through the Echo Dot, it toggles off the "send SMS" option in the Alexa app, so that I am totally unable to send SMS through her.
Skyrim very special edition is not available in Canada, to think I almost put down money on a echo gen 2 to try it out. Good thing I tried the app and found out its locked to the US. Nice amazon... Nice
I cant even do anything. When i sign in it just says connection timed out. Please try again. So i do and nothing works. I even tried uninstalling and installing again but that still doesn't work. I would be really appreciative if you could please fix this problem in your next update or tell me how to fix it myself. (Btw im on a samsung J3 Pro.) Thank you.
Freezes when screen is off. You should be able to type commands or speak! What if your using it at the library people!
I mostly use the app to check my shopping list when I'm at the store or to get an overview over all the alarms I've set for one of my devices. Works flawlessly (might have to clear the cache after a while).
Shocking size of the app, incredibly slow. Took 12 hours to connect echo dot on a new wireless network. Working now, but a dreadful ui.
On Android P, and it loads for ever, which is bad, because I switched routers and I can't use my echo dot unless I borrow sometime else's phone...
Move with the times Amazon. I'm sick of reading about Alexa's new features in my news feed only to find out in the UK we don't have said new features. USA only, everytime. Zzz
Absolute POS. Cannot connect to Wi-Fi. Error message in app overwrites area where Wi-Fi set up is entered on a QHD screen. Uninstalled
Just downloaded and can't sign in to my account because it says I need to have cookies enabled but I already do.
Its unable to troubleshoot. I m having problem with prime music, every time prime music starts playing after playing for 3mins speaker goes offline
The last update broke the link between Alexa and Fios. I cannot find in settings how to re-enable.
Spotify has an easy way to play the music directly from the app to the Amazon Echos. Why it's not easy at all from the Amazon Alexa app or the Amazon Music app?
This stupid Alexa thing keeps saying enable cookies on my browser, when they are all enabled...stupid
It's just too cool but needs to use a betterbsearch engine other then just Wikipedia which is limited and can be edited by anybody. This makes it not it not able to answer all questions like google does. Get a better search like yahoo or make your own search engine guys and I'll top rate it again. Love all my Amazon devices and what they can do and the Ai is better then googles.
I downloaded this to play skyrim but says won't play because of my devices language, it's in English. Please fix, I don't see a point in this app apart from this feature so please fix or I keep the 1 star rating up
On Android P beta. Downloaded and installed. I can launch it, but it's forever loading. Literally unusable.
Cannot get it to work on my samsung galaxy s8 active; keeps changing my username by adding an extension to it and keeps asking me to enable cookies when they're already enabled :(
Very slow when compared to the Google Home app. The app appears to be a shell for the website, rather than a native Android app.
No voice commands work, and it doesn't hear me without pushing the talk button
Useless. Never heard anything. Literally could not get a single command heard. Could not get my voice registered.
One of the worse products by Amazon. No updates. Even the app is very badly designed
Very glitchy, lot of outages. Sometimes not very stable. Not sure if it is worth the hassle Unusable I left Amazon Music because of its was unpredictable and joined YT Music going to sell my Echo's and buy Google had enough.
POS APP. Not compatible with Android 9.0 OS (beta)
The app will not open for me. It's stuck in loading mode and I am connected to the internet with a new phone, so something is wrong.
Won't run unless I set up Alexa to call and message my friends and family which I don't want to do. Basically forcing me with only option to get started.
Installed just to play Skyrim: Very Special Edition. Might get around to actually reviewing... Probably not.
Keeps freezing up and shut my phone down within 5 min of opening
Frozen on home screen since update. Updates often have issues.
My music has been stopping and then playing again all day today please fix this problem before tomorrow
Mostly everything works as expected but I'm really bummed that Amazon no longer allows you to store your own audio tracks in the cloud. I have a lot of underground type music and remixes that you can't find on any cloud service and instead of being able to upload it to Amazon Music's cloud like in the past and now I have to go through the difficulty of setting up my own media server and using third party "skills". Amazon tries really hard to get you to pay for that Music Unlimited and it's annoying when Amazon is constantly trying to upsell you even on services or devices you already payed for. Also, when you lose internet connection it basically turns into a useless paperweight.
Slow app and clumsy ui and gets stuck quite often
This would be better if you could customize the wake word. Or teach Alexa to only respond to your voice instead of the TV.
I can't download the app keeps saying error code 505 Iv tried everything it says do. Please help
I prefer to use the app vs. the voice commands. They need a Smart Home widget.
Alexa is not the AI you guys hyped so much. End of story!
Will not let me connect to my spotify at all, I can't even press the link to try to connect
b"It's so broken it's almost hilarious. What a tire fire ??."
Cannot use Spotify as default music provider? Just won't let me select it even though it's showing up in the menu.
Needs some serious UI improvements. Just goes to show that having literally unlimited resources does not equal a strong app.
Seems to have stopped working with Android P
NEUER FEHLER SEIT UPDATE: APP LÄDT GAR NICHTS MEHR! daher komplett unbrauchbar ! Altes Feedback immernoch aktuell: Darstellung viel zu groß und unübersichtlich. (Einstellung im Smartphone ist auf sehr klein) Selbst die Einkaufsliste ist unübersichtlich weil nur 3 Einträge angezeigt werden. Eingabenänderungen auch nur mit kompletten Löschen möglich. Ausserdem funktioniert es in Spotify mit Alexa noch immer nicht seine eigene Bibliothek abzuspielen!
Problem in connecting after last update pls don't buy
Ooo you can play Skyrim on Alexa.....oo wait it isn't available utsidan US
Missing some features (like setting an alarm for household devices) and keeps my mobile data connection always on when the service is running and on WiFi.
Get YouTube free hate the buying music thing
Horrible response in terms of app working speed.
I've loved the Alexa app for a few years now....just upgraded to Android P and will not work now...I know this will get fixed soon...
Why cant i find the free murdoc skill
Please add the ability to call mobiles and landlines in the UK like in the US!
Was good. All of a sudden it's not performing my routines
100% non-functional
Dear Amazon please stop using it as an advertisement platform ,I do not want a prime subscription!.
Terribly slow, unusable.
Slow, no response, cannot let echo connect with it, suck
It's a great easy app to us with your Echo Show.
Can't play skyrim in the UK, only reason I installed it
It's the best app I've encountered so far...
Cannot connect to echi spot plz check on this issue
One of the most user friendly gadget.
Amazon Apps are horribly designed and Google Assistant is better.
hope they could add wait time for routine.
I can't connect and it's being super glitchy
This is a great app. Alexa is a nice Virtual Assistant.
Stop restriction skills by location. Give me Skyrim.
Trash. Not opening
Once the app opens, it stays on a loading screen forever
I enjoy this app but hope that one day there is a reminder that I can use.
It's ok but I still find it somewhat limited in performance and functionality.
No way to control the volume of Alex's voice.
Not working on my phone
I like the extensions.
It's the Bing of search
Great app with lots of connections
Not bad for a helpful wiretap
I listen to music
Never worked right
Works great with my echo dot .Love it!
Very uncooperative
NO Skyrim
Freezes often
Hit and missed
It does int work
This app is awesome sometimes
Alexa B Fine!
Great app
No problem with this app.
Yes
Hate it
Great App
Good stuff
Simply amazing
Excellent app
Cool
Brilliant a***********
Couldn't even get past the login on my phone xiaomi mi6 due to "connection timed out" messages. After giving up on the phone and 1 day of trying later, giving it a try on the PC. Everything is "fine" there till you try to connect to the wifi. Still couldn't get past that. One of the worst apps I've seen so far. Nothing is working and the Alexa dot worthless. Thanks
update 6/2018 - my go to app for video calls now and home automation with smartthings. works when my home cameras dont. love drop in feature also ! It's awesome how its updated with new features on a regular basis. Really seems like a production product even though it's not general release yet. Can't wait to see what's in store!
Regional differences have ruined this for me. Amazon continually release new features for the USA, but the rest of the world receive a tiny percentage of them, after months of complaining to robotic staff. Google home is the future and they know it.
The app has completed every task I've asked it to. Does anyone know how to switch Alexas search engine to Google? She can't seem to answer a single simple question... So annoying
I keep trying to sign in but it says enable cookies my cookies are enabled!!! Driving me crazy. But she works at about 3 stars in Amazon music app. She cant do much on there
Enjoys long walks on the beach, crashing, trying to force me to enable new calling and text feature constantly, and only loading when I connect to wifi. Also, they have the capability to enable voice commands but only allow it for their shopping app. Can't wait for Google to shut you guys down.
Bought Dot to play Audible without having to cast like my Google mini. The app is infuriating though. I cannot search for a book (I have over 400 I have to scroll through) which is the most ridiculous oversight from the developers. Also in player and queue, it does not show what chapter I am currently on. And if I try to scroll all the way down to play chapter 50 in a book with 80 chapters, the screen will get to about 30 then jump back to chapter 1. So sad to have these silly issues from an app developed by such a huge company!!!!!
Good Lord it's a buggy app. Slow to respond. Crashes. I avoid it like the plague. As long as I can just ask our Echo devices to do what I need. Using the app is a last resort.
What's the point in having this app if I cannot just say Alexa and give a command without opening the app and pushing a button first? It's useless because of that.
Absolute GARBAGE!!!! Because of the alexa ad, I can no longer access my music. I thus uninstalled the Amazon music app. Stupid people. "If it isn't broken, don't fix it!"
Love Alexa, hate this app. It is absolutely glacial on my Samsung Galaxy 6. And why is there no search function for Music Unlimited? Also, half the time my phone times out before ANYTHING can connect through the app. There needs to be a better way to manage Alexa other than this garbage app.
The app and Alexa could be a little smarter. I would love to have an alarm that also runs Stringify to slowly turn on my lights and trigger a spotify station to start playing. There is ostensibly no way to call an app programatically, so this seems a) impossible and b) like a huge oversight by the dev team. Apps should be included in routines. Also, Alexa's knowledge is extremely limited and most queries are met with "hmm, not sure how to help with that." it is for these reasons I find myself regretting not getting Google Home, even though the speaker and mics are awesome on the Echos. Alexa REALLY needs to get an education.
I like the Dot, except for the eavesdropping. This app is useless unless you want to give access to your contacts so it can send them recordings of you having sex. By that mean it just doesn't do anything except ask you to set up the calling feature. I used to love the shopping and to-do lists but if I can't view them on the app they are no use. I hear good things about the Google product. If this app isn't fixed soon I'll be switching.
Sucks, buggy and slow. Can't even add people to Household Profile because it loads infinitely. How can I develop apps if I can't test them?
I have just received my Echo 2nd Generation and I love it and this application allows me to customise so much and is essential for setting up Alexa. Pretty clean and straight forward to use. *EDIT* even though I have my temperature set to Fahrenheit when I ask for the weather forecast it is giving me it in Celsius??? Please fix this issue and I will happily revert back to a five star rating.
The app used to work great, now it wont even load. I cant get into it to add new skills or do anything with my app. Very frustrating and dissapointing!!!
Recent update broke the home screen. Clearing cache & data does not help. Amazon refuses to let uses remove items from a list stating security reasons, yet anyone can add to a list. This is b.s.. also they took away the ability to remove items from your smart home and replaced it with a disable option. Stop taking away things we need and refusing to provide is with the options we want. We purchased the product, not your high and mighty opinion. You have turned a useful smart home interface into a garbage collecting bin which you will probably use to try to shovel more you wanted items down our throats. Knock this off or I'll be switching over to Google home.
People are screaming and yelling over things. It will get you no where. CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM, PEOPLE! The 2nd Gen Echo is pretty good. I haven't found any problems and it is doing amazing right now. People just cry over small things and say "switch to Google Home" and such. You just haven't gave it much of a try.
This review is for the June 23, 2018 and really last three releases. Worked fine and now the last few updates completely broke the app. Can't access Smart devices without it either lagging for minutes at a time or crashing. Does anyone trial this stuff before launch on a mega billion dollar product? Seriously? Do yourself a favor. Uninstall it and find a third party app store and load the Alexa APK from May when it worked fine. I'm now back in the saddle. Come on amazon.
Does not support Google play music and must have Spotify premium. Google home allows free Spotify and free Google play music. I have goolge play music premium family. I use google home but kids use echo and can't use music feature. Will get rid of echos and get more google homes. App is very slow compared to google home app. I just don't understand how you cannot support the second most popular music service.
App does not work anymore, after opening it very quickly shows "connection tuned out. Please try again". Nothing works, and I can't even use my echo as an (expensive) Bluetooth speaker. I have the latest Android 8.1 on a oneplus 5.
It's not connecting to WI-FI. Application is rubbish, can't switch between networks ,from Amazon network to your WiFi during register process. Absolutely waste of money. Disappointed
App stopped working.... Why did I buy this product? Wish I could get my money back... Glitchy scrolling, can no longer play music correctly. Shuts itself off when hearing advertisements with it's name in them!
4 Echos in the house on different floors. A set downstairs doesn't recognize the pair upstairs. So can't doesn't whole house music.
Latest update threw all remaining shreds of privacy protection out the window. Aggressive overreach by Amazon just drove me out of the ecosystem.
Terrible app. You can't search Prime Music. So you can only use the app's clunky navigation to find the music you want. The navigation is slow and buggy to the point of being unusable. Did they even try using this thing before publishing it? Update: Half a year later, still garbage.
Hey Amazon, where's all the skills for Canada? Been waiting for a certin skill that was released in the U.S March 2017... Terrible support for Canadians!
This app really stinks 7 hours later and 2 hours on the phone with Amazon this app stinks outcome is I put Echo back in the box and send it back not worth the trouble if you can't figure out how to connect
I have a concern about this app,I am facing a problem it pick out most of the words around and respond to it with out picking up the world alexa.this should not happen right.it should only respond only for phrase Alexa right
Getting any of my Lists to open is a freaking miracle. It is practically useless to have shopping and to-do lists when you can't get the app to open them when you need them. Terrible app.
IDEK WHATS WRONG WITH THE APP IT JUST CRASHES EVERY TIME I OPEN IT, GIVES ME A "TIME OUT" ERROR .. UNINSTALLED IT AND REINSTALLED IT MULTIPLE TIMES AND EVEN RESTARTED MY PHONE ABOUT 4 TIMES .. ITS TRASH .. I CANT EVEN USE M ECHO ... ASIDE FROM THE AUX PORT THE APP NEEDS TO BE FIXED FOR GALAXY 7 PHONES ... COMPLETE TRASH AS OF NOW FAR AS I GET ON THE APP IS THE SIGN IN ... AFTER THAT ... ITS TRASH
Is time for this app to add hands free Alexa to run the Alexa hands free on background of the tablets and phones for all who don't, mind having app running on the background ...that will turn the phones into echo phones and tablets into echo tablets just using this app ... I am waiting here to this phone for that upgrade ..I cant sleep .I need that upgrade before breakfast not after ...I cant wait to give five stars to this so don't delay
I use multi room music with 3 echo dots and the app is extremely buggy when i try to play music using that option. It doesn't matter if i play music manually or using voice or if its sirius, tunein, or pandora. It fails to play or gives me errors frequently.
Please do something about having multiple of the same device show up for the different platforms they're connected to, allow me to consolidate into one device and select the integration I'd like Alexa to trigger when she hears it's name.
I am unable to connect alexa with any of my devices post this update. Neither Android phone nor MacBook. This is so upsetting. Please fix it asap.
Pretty useless, thought youd be able to ask it for directions similar to to all other assistants but doesnt seem at all linked to any navigation app.. Capable of very small tasks not useful ones
Love this app....integrated nicely with the rest of my smart devices. One thing that would be nice is to make the app a multi window app. So I can have grocery app open on one half and my shopping list from Alexa open in other half
Not being able to search with Amazon Unlimited is a significant and puzzling issue with this app. Without that functionality, the app is fairly useless to me.
Cannot set location of Sonos One through app or website. Means weather info etc not correct.
Google Assistant is just better. This is okay, but I can't think of a good reason to use it
Downloaded this app specifically to use with my new Echo Spot. The app doesn't even show the Spot as being available to connect with. Took it to the Amazon store and showed the sales rep. She checked her Amazon issued device and couldn't find it either. Don't sell a product you can't connect with.
Still can't access the settings without it trying to get me to sign up for Alexa calling, makes the app useless as I don't want to do this!
I don't know who the smart dumb people Amazon is hiring but you guy really need to do better! This company is owed by the richest man in the world Jeff Bezos for crying out loud! I would expect more from a name and company like this. But who thought about putting a section in the app where you can give feed back to whether or not Alexa heard you right but didn't think about putting a way for you to actually write what you really said or really wanted her to do so she can grow, learn, and adapt. And ultimately send and give you guys better feed back because let's be honest what is the point of saying she ain't hear me correctly or do want I wanted her to do if you don't know what I really wanted her to hear or do? Because alot of the time you say something and she be way off so the feed back y'all getting is probably piss poor. PLEASE RESPOND TO THIS ASAP AND I LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU GUY AND HOPEFULLY SEEING THAT OPTION IN THE FEATURE. I WOULD DEFINITELY GIVE A BETTER RATING IN THE FUTURE IF I SEE A CHANGE.
even the crappiest third party free ad games dreck let you get past the login screen without complaining about cookies being enabled in the browser and failing to load. 100mb download of a multibillion dollar company here.
Given how much I like Alexa, this app is really disappointing. I use Alexa for shopping lists. But to see any list on this app, FIRST, you have to have internet access. So if you are not online when you shop, the shopping list is not accessible. What goods is THAT? If you can get online, it takes three taps through a very clumsy and old fashion interface to get to the shopping list. The same clumsy interface is required to control smart home devices - one would NEVER use this app to control them given a choice, because it is so hard to get to the required screen. There should be a widget that goes directly to Smart Device control, but NOPE, first Amazon must take you past some advertising (the much-hated Things-to-Do). There is now a widget, and it enables voice input - but not without plastering Things-to-Do all over your screen. The voice input cannot deal with alarms or timers, nor with smart home devices. It can find your shopping list - but it will only READ it to you - who wants their shopping list being read aloud in a store???? The App is a real Achilles Heel in the Alexa family of products.
I do not like that they keep pressing me to connect to my phone for messaging I do not want it but it defaults every time I try to check my settings and things. It was fixed on the previous update but it keeps coming up to sign up for messaging I don't want it I just want to check my settings to the app to Alexa.
Piece of junk will not let me hook up my Amazon tap so now I am out $130 and the tech support can't get me hooked up either and keeps telling me it's the app
Extremely finicky for users outside the USA. Difficult to set up, the device still thinks it's in Seattle even though you've changed all the settings to Sydney Australia and it won't play Spotify playlists from basic verbal commands.
This app does not work well on the Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6" 16GB running Android 7.1.1. The app installs and allows me to log into my account, but the home screen is blank. Rebooting my tablet does not help.
u should upgrade the app 1st of all its very slow. so much trouble on reconnecting the device some instnace i fed up connecting to echo
I hate having to go to it just for my shopping list. PLEASE add widgets or shortcuts for the hoe screen!!!!! Sometimes when I am shopping I accidentally touch the screen somewhere and it takes my to device setup and I have to dig back out to my shopping list.
It always asks to enable browser cookies. I am not sure why it needs them. Cookies are already enabled but still seeing the same message. Fedup
It basically does it's job, I thought the UI needs some tuning, the look is not impressive and perhaps a needs a bit more organization
Please add the wake word feature like Ok Google in Google assistant. It will help users to wake the device like in echo device and use it more easily rather than opening the app or using home button to open the app and click button to interract.
Poorly designed. Not functional. And lately has a bug that doesn't even open...
Invasive. Drop in feature for household devices often crashes or will still say "on a call" after hanging up, preventing later calls. Stays open constantly in the background with an un-clearable notification for which there's no shut off option. Unfortunately it's necessary for the very expensive echo show, which for some reason cannot function as a standalone device. Amazon, please be content with my privacy and stop invading my electronics, too.
In a word, frustrating. I can find an album on Amazon Music, ask my Tap to play it, she can't find it, I go to the app to find no search function.
Amazon does not allow the Tap to have the same functionality of other Echo devices, even the cheaper Spot device.
Issue is I have a proxy enabled Internet. The app doesnot allow me to connect with the Internet. Can this issue get sorted?
Worst app and worst interface ever i have seen. You waste my money. Dont buy this product. Go for google product.
I am having difficulties connecting it to WiFi. This app needs to be more User Friendly. Doesn't have to be complex.
No network available. Nonsense. Impossible to correct. Uninstalled.
App is worthless if you don't use voice. can't start skills and searching for music to play is frustrating
Too glitchy. App couldn't connect to the Echo Dot. Help menu wouldn't open.
App doesn't work on my phone it says connection time out
It's an amazing experience in using it. However my echo plus is supporting video skills. I have amazon fire TV stick ,the is not showing the video tab in music videos and books section.
I travel extensively for work, I take my Alexa with me everywhere I go. At a moment's notice I can drop in at my house to see what's going on, talk to my kids, look at my security system, all around amazing tool.
Can not use the app due to fact I Can't sign in. I have a Samsung Note 8. Not a usable app.
Amazon you really need to work on your app it is slow sluggish and crashes most of the time
It's okay, but a bit clunky. Lists are awful - very difficult to use I find.
Having problems with zip postal code. Does not recognise it.. so can't use my Amazon echo..
I live in Yorkshire. This app insists I live in Kent and will not change the location - have tried 4 times, and saved all attempts.
b'Really nice app I am using this. Well done, I am enjoying the imaginary world with alexa thank you Amazon. Great Job by your Technical executive ??'
App takes forever to load. Half the time I get frustrated and quit.
can't easily find tune in content as the input screen is badly designed
Stopped connecting to the device and became useless.
App showing connection time out every time I logging in Can't use my Amazon echo What to do?
Painfully slow. Updated and now it's updated and painfully slow. 7 minutes to access a playlist.
Never granted permission to my contacts but somehow were listed in app stating downloaded from another device when I've never used on another device. Couldn't disable without calling Amazon customer support to delete. Deleting app along with it...
I'm annoyed because the Google home doesn't require an account but this one needs an account
Really don't like this app, it can never understand what I'm saying and doesn't help me at all.
It just hangs like a bad Chad in a Florida election.
One of the slowest apps on my phone. Very annoying to use
I cant even log in, it says please enable cookies to log in
Stupid you just waist your time signing in
I would of rated a 5 star if Alexa gave the right for cast for weather when you ask it's never gave me correct weather for cast
Discovery keeps failing and error message is not informative
The app is broken. Crashes before it finish loading.
I downloaded this app initially for the use of my echo.. and my echo works fairly well, haven't had any issues with that product. It may not as be as versatile as Google's assistant (for their benefit, they've been in this tech game for a long time), but I find it fills a nice niche with using other Amazon products and services. My issues are with using this app while on the go, away from my home, generally while I'm driving to or from work. I mostly use the "flash briefing" function in order to keep up on the news. However, this function tends to crash almost every other time I want to use it: either it will stop playing the skills on it's own, freeze, or stop working altogether. As an app that's been out for a short time, I figured maybe it's just new product bugs that eventually will be ironed out in time, but this hasn't happened. In fact, the buggy-ness seems to be getting worse and until these issues are fixed I wouldn't recommend this app for anyone outside of setting up your at-home echo device. Don't waste your time trying to use this as your daily AI Assistant, because you will be sorely disappointed. I hope this review is helpful for anyone considering downloading this app, so they know what to expect heading in.
Rubbish, echo won't connect
Unfortunately my app doesn't seem to be working. Can't access lists or anything. Have always loved it for my shopping list. Samsung a5
It's great for editing your alexa and sorting the smart home out its great! But a bunch of updates would be excellent
It is useful but many of the devices that can connect to it constantly require updates and experience problems.
Would be a good app but has no option to set up echo spot so I can't use it
If this device gets HDMI out connection, it can potentially sweep the market as it will make every TV a Smart TV
Issues with it not connecting often, is beginning to be more of a negative tool than a positive one
Not the sharpest tool in the shed.
I'm not able to enjoy most of the features based on my location. Thinking of returning it.
I love it. But, I really wish I could rank the items in my to do list by priority. Thank you!
Allow using of the wake keyword "Alexa" on the phone as well, as we use it on the Echo devices.
Echo dot commands not showing up on app like its suppose to do
Too often it cannot find the correct info asked for or doesn't understand what you asked.
Keep crushing my phones
Super just like a child
I can't set routines in my Coolpad note 5 device
Can't log in. Keep asking me to enable cookies when I type my password.
If you want to use this app you have to buy alexa
Does not function .
Keeps telling me I need to enable cookies which I have not sure how to proceed :(
Cant get in to sign in
I have bought a echo plus and it is very good I liked it to much as my life .
Can't connect my fire TV from alexa
Mostly improve at Indian regional languages
Spies on u don' download dis.
Can't login because of Cookies
Cant delete completed reminders
I need it for my phone
Where is the follow up mode
App not working again
It never answers any of my and and I get really annoyed
Alexa App gets better with every release. Keep the features coming.
Please add the ability to stop all music within a routine!
Drop In no longer works on Pixel XL2, downgraded
I can't uninstall
This is fine so far but I'm just starting
Buy a echo dot
How i sign in alexa
Very good, Alexa is a very good tool for the home
I love My echo dot it's Awesome
Laggy and broken....
Learning still, so far excellent.
In dvlpt stage..much more to do.
Great easy to use
Give me brief mode! Please!
After hearing this echo dot Alexa records and can, has sent recorded audio to others on contacts list without your knowledge was enough for me to unplug and now disconnect from even this app im just glad i did not pay for it and glad i never bought any to go with the one given to me i was considering getting other ones to connect to lights and ac etc. Well now i think im just going to stick to just turning things on the good ole fashion way screw this Technology if anyone else is considering getting this you should reconsider dont get it if you bought one or more of these echoes take it back save your money don't risk this thing recording you in your home and sending the audio to any of your contacts we have enough technology in our homes that invade on our privacy everyday dont add to it with this thing its not worth it
Nothing works and crashes 1000 times
Not sure
Very nice app Im enjoing with this app
Bloatware!
great app..gr8 device ...work awesome
Its stupid
It's really a good app
b'It is so awesome when you get it you will love it forever!!!!!!!!!!????????'
It's works so good
I really cool to use
I love the list feature
Easy to use for setup.
She is very good
It is a helpful app
Alex is really good
Very reliable app
Amazing simply Amazing!
Gooooooooooooooooooooodd
b'\xe0\xa6\x97\xe0\xa7\x81\xe0\xa6\xa1'
No
Love it!
Good app
I love it
Love alexa
Love this. .....
Amazin
Loved it
Love it
What Happened to the Fantastic app. I mean, in one app update the Echo dot is essentially useless. No longer reminders,, alarms or Timer.? As a single, senior citizen, I've these 3 post my dr apt, taking medications, remembering appointments. And what ever else I can cram into it. I love to say "Alexa" Set a reminder to pick up rheumatoid arthritis injectors from pharmacy on blank day, blank time. Then bam. There it is. Now, I'm going to pitch it the dumpster. Oh it has the other functions that I enjoy. But this function was a godsend.
I have used this for almost 2 years and I loved it. It worked great. Then within the last 2 updates, it stopped controlling my lights, and now it isn't responding at all after it finished with the latest update. Haven't you heard the old saying if it isn't broke don't fix it. Amazon, get your act together!!!
Connecting a device first time to Alexa is the worst experience of the 20th century. It is of paramount importcnce that Amazon resolves it. Pathetic app by someone who can make such a good segment of echo devices. I will never ever buy another Echo device just cos of this app. And this app has always remained like this.
Good for setting up an echo dot in my experience but needs a lot of work as a default assistant for Android. First, the app needs hands free voice activation. It should activate just by saying "Alexa". Holding how the button is fine when at home but in the car it makes it useless. Second, it should be able to interact with apps more effectively (i.e. saying "Alexa open Amazon Music" opens amazon music instead of notifying you about a not having that skill). Overall a good start but needs work.
Clearly not optimized for Android. Interface is slooooooow and sluggish, even on a high end phone, though response to home automation commands (Wink2) are quite fast, faster than the actual Wink app. Weird bug exists: although Alexa easily controls my heat with a verbal command (Stelpro thermostat VIA Wink) it will not allow me to do it VIA routine. For example, attempting to add it to a 'good night' routine (to turn down heat at night) results in a 'This device is not currently supported' error. It is supported as it works fine with voice control. Tech Support was less than helpful. Rep kept reiterating that it is not supported with Alexa. Clearly that makes zero sense. Please fix.
Features that were available before have been killed in the latest release. Features like being able to listen to your voice history have been disabled. Why? Either this is a stupid oversight by the Developers or there's a reason for it. I hate it when apps do this, take away functionality that is advertised as being part of the functionality of the app.
Useless for anything in Australia. I can't find any legit reason to use this other than to play music, and even that is difficult due to this device being USA centric. Got a few days out of it for the novelty factor, now it just sits in silence and spys on me.
Shockingly bad app for an ok product, very clunky and isn't optimised for Marshmallow so it still asks for permissions before you install the app. Update: Now doesn't let me sign in saying I need to enable cookies but how can I do that I don't even know what browser the app is using.
This all is clunky and slow at times. It's also very large and it does not allow me to move it to my SD card which means it's taking up a lot of space on my phone, mostly unnecessarily. It's hard to find where things should be located in the app as well.
Just this week on the app i could view reminders, alarms and timers. With the new update its no longer supported on my device along with other things no longer supported. I literally just bought this echo and i feel like returning it. I don't get the point of this app if i can't use the features in it. Looks like I'm not the only one either.
This is a 94mb download, what a joke for such a small application. I'm guessing it's definitely not a native Android app as it looks out of place and is very slow and clunky to use. Maybe you would have got better ratings if you'd thought long term and made a native app instead of an awful hybrid.
I am not getting Alexa button in navigation bar at bottom. Tried all possible way, also installed and uninstalled multiple times but no success. Very frustrating experience
Good but needs a widget like the Reverb one, having to open an app to use voice control is just silly, shouldn't need to rely on a third party for something so fundamental. UPDATE: Now has widget so increased to 5 stars!
I dont have smart home so i cant turn off the lights or anything but Alexa is really cool she plays music games and more. No im not a bot amozon hire to give a good review ;)
Does not work properly. The alarms are not working properly on the app so you cannot see what alarms are set for each device. Emailed the maker of the app and they are blaming me not knowing how to use it even though a week ago I knew how. Then they couldn't help because I email from a diffrent email than my account is attached to. They refuse to admit they messed up their app. I have 3 dots, 1 echo, and a spot in my household and this is a very important feature.
Not working at all. I downloaded the app and when I sign on my Amazon account, it says I have to enable cookies but it's already enabled. So I'm stuck at the sign in or create new account.
Useless in recent updates. Can't do anything without being asked to sign up for the calls feature which we don't want. Previously could always exit out and use app as normal. Disappointing as was great to have the option of control through the phone.
No change, Do not waste your money. I bought lights to work with Alexa and they hardly work. This app duplicates rooms, so many bugs. Going to Google
Just ok, or so-so, why? Because I can't use it from my laptop, and am on vacation 150 miles from home, useless to use. Was in such a hurry to leave that I forgot my lightning charge cord to my iPad 5th G., so limited in playing my favorite stations and oldies country music for my 84yr old Dad....bummer. YOU GET 5 STARS WHEN YOU FIX THIS AND NOT BEFORE.
This app continues to not meet expectations. I like to listen to audiobooks through alexa. While you can ask alexa to do so vocally, it routinely has problems understanding longer book names. The chapter controls are difficult to use in both the app and vocally.
I finally got it downloaded after it saying I need to turn on my browsers cookies that were already on. Now when I try to open app on my phone it won't load. I'm very disappointed more due to I ordered 2 echos tonight through Amazon and was excited which is why I tried to use this app in the first place. ={
"What's New * You can now tap the Alexa button and use your voice to ask Alexa to play music, answer questions, check weather, traffic, and sports scores, and more." WHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't get it? The update says I can tap the Alexa button and use the app basically as an Alexa device (like Echo), but there is no such functionality. The description needs to describe the capabilities on a country by country basis because in Australia, this app is completely useless except for listing the history on the home page of what I've asked Alexa Echo to do.....frustrating that I can't find the setting to use Alexa app as the default "assistant". Sigh,
Half baked. Not ready for prime time yet. I read good reviews and bought echo. Setting up is a pain in the you know where. Wish I had gone with Google. The app can't connect to echo, and won't update the screen as i proceed. Rinse and repeat, was able to set up after an hour. Changing the router? Good luck. Go through this pain again. Not many skills available for South Indian languages too.
I had High hopes when Alexa came to Android. After using it for Five minutes it's absolutely Rubbish. # You can't change Alexa Voice # Alexa is taking way too long to respond # Alexa, or Hey Alexa, Nothing works # 90MB? For what. Waste of Space and Data # The only thing i Found Working properly was Shuffle music. Which is already available in Amazon Prime Music app So far this is the worst assistant i have used. Cortana is better than this. Google Assistant Still leads.
This app needs some work, it's not user friendly. You can't easily add or change an account. The "household profile" tab doesn't even open. It seems to run kinda slow and things you enable don't seem to have been enabled when you talk to Alexa, such as the texting. I like that it shows what you have asked but overall this app is not great.
Ever since the new update I can't access the HOME screen it's just a blank screen. Please get this issue resolved. Cos if this didn't happen I would have given a 5 star! Sorry not today!
The Alexa app can do some useful things, but this is one of the SLOWEST and most unresponsive apps that I have ever used. Very frustrating. One of the useful things that we tried to do was keep a shopping list. My wife and I could both add to the list, and then when either of us went to the store, we could pull up the list and check things off as we bought them. Sounds good, but when I try to pull up the app at the store, it can take several minutes for Alexa to respond, and several more minutes working my way down through the layers of menus to display the list. The slow response is only slightly better if I leave the store, where I have a stronger 4G signal. At home with a fast wifi signal, response is much faster but still too slow to be usable. Asking Alexa to display the list is a lot faster, but it stupidly reads the list to me in addition to displaying it. I don't really want everyone around me to know what I'm shopping for. Some of this stuff is rather personal. We have two different phones, one older and slower, and one quite new and quick. Response is pokey with either. Amazon- you won't take over the world if you can't do better than this!
Connection times out when trying to open the app on Galaxy S8. Many have complained, Amazon has remained completely dumb to the problem. Terrible and frustrating.
I wish the app had a Home Skills button on the homescreen of the app. I turn on many things from the app and wish I didn't have to click through to get to the area I need. Other than that, I love the app!
Almost perfect , the only limitation is the spanish lenguage and some features that only works in the states... I live in Colombia and I would like to listen to my local news and more!
Just a very poorly optimized app that freezes crashes and is riddled with bugs. I would consider buying Google home just because this app is so painful to use
Have been using an echo for the past 2 months and I like the device. But this app gets on my nerves. It is so so slow. This is the slowest app that I have on my phone.
Useful, but terribly slow, hangs, restarts if I momentarily switch apps, and takes up 286 Mb of device memory. Voice calling is unusable on speaker.
I can't get anything to work on app. Not a good design. Nothing saves and it's glitchy
If I had known it doesn't work with Google apps, I wouldn't have bought the Echo Dot
I had installed the app when I am trying to Login with my Amazon account,app is asking to enable cookies in my web browser where they are already enabled
A beginning has been done. The new update is good. I wish to see Alexa teaching me new languages soon. Also it should be more human friendly. For example it should understand in one go. And not just wait for calling her out "Alexa" then next step. That would be more supportive and flexible. Also not enough updates are released in India than done in the USA. Please don't discriminate and release the update
Easier navigation from when the original app was installed to now, but many more features. There is still some disconnect from the voice activated apps and the use of this application.
I bought one of your devices and it wont make calls wont understand me properly and it doesnt even tell you numbers of business stores disappointed i thought amazon was better than google home but i think i was wrong
Very poor shopping experience.. Constantly tries to reload from the cloud. Offline mode is garbage
Kept saying cookies are disabled on my phone. They are not. Can't even use the stupid app
Nice app. But the UI is a bit sluggish compared to size of the application.
GETTING WORSE AND WORSE WITH EVERY UPDATE. ESPECIALLY IN CONJUNCTION WITH SONOS ONE
Still waiting for 'follow up mode' it's annoying to constantly say Alexa for every question...
Unable to log in. I installed this app and the first screen that comes up is to log in. When I tried to log in, it gives error as "enable cookies". I have cookies enabled in the default browser on Android. And there's no way to use this app without logging in. Phone - Motorola G5S plus.
I can't use it until I can change the same wake word to computer like all my echo dots. Using two different wake words is confusing and cumbersome
Not letting me log in. Tells me I need to enable cookies on my browser. Guys, you must be working on GDPR stuff but I can't get in!!!
If I ask Alexa to play music it constantly bombards me with requests to sign up and pay for Amazon unlimited music which is very, very annoying.
The constant demands for updates are irritating considering I don't use the bloody thing-it came installed on fire tablet and is impossible to remove. -.-
Can't do anything with the app as the screen after the login directs me to turn cookies on in my web browser. All of my browsers have cookies enabled. App won't proceed.
Not able to connect my Fire TV and philips hue with my Echo Plus though Amazon say it can be directly connected. Please Fix this ASAP. THANKS.
Whether it's the Alex update, whether it's Oreo or a combo of both, I can no longer even sign in. Keep getting a timeout error loop.
Nice app works just fine . I am facing a bug , whenever I command to play a music it say here's a sample of that music and plays nothing .
Would rate this app higher if I could actually use it. Crashes constantly, and is nearly impossible to connect an echo device to wifi.
I can't get on this app without putting my info in at least 3to 4times still no doing
Can't sign in: please enable cookies error.
When will the Samsung Galaxy s9 Plus be supported so that I can set reminders/alarms?
Forces you to connect your Amazon device for calls, which I really don't want to do
Won't even open on my Samsung galaxy 7. Just "...." over and over for 15 mins. Tried everything. Uninstalling
I updated the app last night now the home screen doesn't work.
Hate it can say Alexa call it won't do anything it's really a waste of time and energy to even try to use and it says it's not compatible with my phone but it came with my phone so how is it not compatible with my phone id rather use Google it's a whole lot better
Freezes constantly and doesn't seem to work at all
This app and my Alexa go great together....Love , love, love and we are learning so many new things we can do to make my life easier.
When playing a station it stops everyone after two songs. Back to Pandora it is.
Cuts itself off, says partial phrases
Not a fire TV remote. Was hoping that this app would replace the remote from the remote is misplaced.
This app is clunky and slow but it gets the job done... I guess.
I just enabled the experimental "breif mode" but now there is no way to disable it. States there should be an option in the settings under "Alexa voice responses" but this item dies not exist in my settings. Please help!
Sucks. You can find out more and better information by using Google It's really only good for weather reports and alarm clock
Amazon echo Alexa It's best voice search device than Google home mini & apple I used Google as well as apple speakers but the I experience best results on Amazon echo
The app is superb it will be good if more things are added in future and specially gaana app
It feels like it's from the 80s, in a bad way.
All this app does is load. I just got my echo and I can't set anything up because you have to use this frustrating app. That. Never. Finishes. Loading.
Updates constantly, but Amazon won't say what the updates are for. I don't trust them.
Cannot set up echo dot on Samsung s8 because the app instructions are for an old version (current update not supported).
Broke after newest update. Cannot use
Understanding needs work. Would like to be able to add and remove music throuth Alexa
very slow app alexa not connected
b'worst ..its sucked my internet data.????'
Broken after most recent update
Glitches and makes phone warm on my s7
Good app helps me keep up with news my device streams,adjust lights and adjust music with a touch of a button
I can't find Syska Smart Home skill in alexa app. Pls help.
b'Add option to use this from Ur home screen like flow button options??'
Can be fine tuned more. Give it a face lift
Very very nice app and. Any quition answer
Since the latest update, I can no longer control alarms and reminders from this app. FIX THIS!!!!!!
incompetent app compared to google
You literally can't setup your new Alexa device with this app
Great reminder app takes a little getting use to but it is intuitive and learns with you still learning
The in-app help instructions do not match my app. Seriously!?
It takes 40 to 60 seconds just to open settings. What the heck.
I thought we just need phone but it wasn't.
Since last update can't play music on my 'everywhere' group!
SLOW and takes too long to simply view the shopping list
Keeps crashing. Useless.
Why does the app no longer support timers, alarms, or reminders????
Great App to work your Echo devices with your phone and gives you full control!
i have one and this app helps me explore it
My dot is fine, the app is pretty crappy.
Won't update and its only amazon apps that won't.
Would be better if video feeds were supported as in the Echo Show or Spot.
ÅNOTHER "MUST HAVE" ÅPP FOR KINDLE FIRE 10 USERS!!!!
Droid turbo 2.
She is so SLOW!!!!
try to connect Alexa with google
she hears too much
Did not work
It's buggy at the moment
Why does the apple app have more, better features?
I can't connect it's rubbish is there another app I can use
Alexa performs beautifully!
Slow ASF!!
This app was amazing and it works rly well.
b'connection timed out\xef\xbc\x9f\xef\xbc\x9f\xef\xbc\x9f\xef\xbc\x9f'
I like it it's easy to use
Keeps crashing
b'App is so nice!??'
Should allow to search music
A good gadget to have
It's very nice
I think this is brilliant
Very good app
Too good to resist
Poop
Ta
It's great
Alex is the best
Great app
amazingly
Love it
Great
Love it
Good
Awesome
Awesome
Really love the ability to set Alexa as my default assistant on the phone. Really hate the fact that I can't ask her to play music from Spotify (Amazon Music only)... Fix Spotify control and this is a five star integration
It's decent. But.. THERE REALLY NEEDS TO BE A SHARE TO - ALEXA Button. The amount of times I wanted to play a certain song/album and she couldn't find it. But I could see it in the amazon store is EXTREMELY annoying.
My Alexa echo dot worked fine for a few days initially. Now it's not responding at all. Tried all possible troubleshooting, but failed. It's a wastage of your time, money and energy to buy Alexa product.
OH MY GOD, THIS APP IS SO STUPID! I change my address but it shows and tells me someplace else. Why cant i change my default weather app? Accuweather is retarded and not accurate at all. Home screen is nothing but various weather conditions of different places that mean nothing to me. Why cant i customize homepage? Or maybe you should make it user friendly and useful. Idiots.
Really like the app but REALLY wish we could organize what's in our lists. I have one for shopping & would be nice if I could go in, organize (drag/drop) all the items.
b"For some reason it always shuffles the unlimited tracks with no option to play the music in any other order, I would like to listen to my music in my order. There's no search function either. Lately it's been ignoring the 'Play my music' command and play last Tunein radio station instead and it's hard work to get it back working??"
App is overall good.. But Alexa follow up mode is missing from Alexa app settings.. And there should be a share to Alexa button.. Used when Alexa can't recognize a song
Every update makes alexa dumber. I dont want the damm thing to tell me jokes i just want it to turn the ruddy lights and telly on properly !
This is ridiculous. I get excited with every update hoping Vivint skill was added. How come the skill is available to the US market and not the Canadian?!
Can't login. App is telling me to enable cookies in my browser. Well, I'm not using a browser, as this is a stand alone app. So it won't do anything.
The application could not be opened after it was installed on an Android system as it is designed. I don't know if it's ecosystem Wars but I'm returning my echo. What a waste of time
Worked great but now the reminders and alarms just keep clocking. Very disappointed.
Alexa can never find my radio station on tunin ... Also lately getting delayed response plus she randomly speaks and frightened the bejaysus out if me .
Getting better all the time. Shame there is such a disaccord of features between the US and the rest of the world.
Latest update shows an error message when open Amazon Alexa app (Connection Time out) Samsung Galaxy S8+ and then the app closes
Alexa is awesome. She's the BEST semblance of a woman that I know. She drops everything she's doing to do whatever she can for you. Lmao Sex is out of the question though.
log in my account and pop up "connection timed out", can't use it to sign up with my echo. have to use alexa webpage instead.
My Alexa no longer responds to her voice commands. I can press the button and she will turn on, however at that point I can just use another app or source. Was good for the 1.5 years I had it, I guess
Decent. I want to be able to save my lists without needing a signal because service is spotty where I live and having to wait until my phone retrieves a signal to access my lists can take a long time.
If you press the button and ask the weather it only goes on your phone and not Alexa if you ask after pressing the button to play music it plays on your phone what's the sense of having it, unless you're using it on its own with the phone while you're out on the road or something but then I could just ask Google and it'll get my questions right 99% of the times
Alarm setting function doesn't work anymore on my s7. Use to work but was very glitchy. Needed it as my alarm clock
Why has it quit playing back the recordings in History in the app? Loved it before. Gave dine a force stop, made sure app was updated... what gives?
This is the slowest app on my phone. Pull it up in the grocery store for my shopping list and it ends up taking a minute or two if I have spotless service...heaven for bid I don't, then I'm waiting around like an idiot
I've got an echo show and love it, but can you maybe link YouTube, to watch videos? It would be the difference between 4 & 5 stars.
The worst app i have ever used.... can't even log in to my amazon account
Gives connection time out error and then shutting down on Galaxy S5. Currently doesn't work at all. Not even after reinstalling or restarting phone.
Geo lock. Why does Australia miss out on skills????? Come Amazon.. Google will fix that. Dont blame google for cutting utube from you
App is sluggish at times. Frustrating to do things within the Alexa app.
One thing that getting better is that they're always updating it to make it more easier to use maybe in five years this app will be Obsolete and then be new ones out there but I think you're doing a very good job in the updates
This app doesn't work. Talked to it didn't recognize my voice at all. What a waste!!!!
Worthless, couldn't even connect to my Echo dot with my Note 8. Says to connect to Echo xxx but network doesn't show
Extremely sluggish on both my S6 edge and iPad Mini.
Ratings do not justify the performance of this app. It deseves more than 4 rating point.
b"Can't even sign in as my Web browser does not allow me to accept cookies so I can't use this app plus I signed into my account on amazon anyway and still didn't work??"
When video calling on a galaxy S8/S9 the external speaker doesn't work. Please fix it Amazon
Cannot login. tells me "enable cookies in your browser" but there is no browser. B r o k e n
Awful. Couldn't connect the echo with the app. Had to use pc browser to do setup. Layout is horrendous
Stupid app, says I need to enable cookies when they are already enabled.
iam not able login amazon account iam prime member but iam not able to signin the app
New update has made alarms "not supported on my device" (Samsung S8) eithen though they worked fine before the update.
No support of reminders, alarms and timers since the new update. Not on Galaxy Tab S2 and not on Xperia Z2. How am I supposed to manage my alarms?
You learn a command for a device and then a couple months later they update their service and the commands no longer work
b'Since the latest update, I can no longer playback voice recordings from the history section. ??'
New update is worst. Not playing any music
After getting the latest update on my tablet it won't even open. I have uninstalled and re-installed it but no joy!
Love it only just set up alexa I think it is great already can't wait to start turning my home into a geek home
Sick of constantly having to reenter details.
Apps produced by a high school beginner coding class are better written than this. It's barely functional. Don't waste your time.
Disjointed and unreliable. Poor show Amazon
It was a good but latest update made it useless so I've deleted it.
Same changelog every time... Amazon doesn't even care about what they do
No reminders support. Also Alexa can't estimate time to travel.
Spent 3 hours trying to customize settings and app would not load settings screen
Having trouble with reminder and alarm
Alexa is great, but the app is just terrible
Stopped working with my harmony hub.
Great app, unless you have old android, then half of it doesn't work
Its for those who use alexa devices
Very limited, not worth the download
A must get !!
Can't even connect
Can't connect a dot.
Greatly improved from previous versions. Not as slow and buggy.
Bit improve ment needed in voice recognition
It could be little more user friendly
It is ok.
Best thing to have
Oh ya
Why you stop active "let's chat"?
Poor programming....
kill app
It's really Good App
Great app ..for echo devices
Very useful for advanced setup
Awsom
USELFUL & GREAT!
Excellent app.
Good
Terrible
Very good
I love it
Good app
It great
Waste
Nice
I expect a lot more from Amazon. This app feels clunky and slow. Want to search for a specific artist, have fun scrolling through a list of hundreds of artists that takes forever to load. Too much focus on advanced features, not enough focus on usability. Simple is better. Also find it funny, most of the 5 star review on here are reviewing the Eco or dot, not the app itself. Most of the app reviews are low, or for a version a yr+ old. The app keeps evolving yes, but they continue to add advanced features that make it more sluggish while ignoring the features that don't work.
This app was working great until recently. Possibly an update issue? For a couple days it kept saying my device was offline when the echo was online and running fine. Now I'm noticing that my echo is running on all of my personalized settings, but the app has defaulted settings and having issues "connecting."
The setup process, which I've done 3 times is terrible. The app always needs an Internet connection to show its interface. Which when your connected to the Echo Dot directly is not an option, so it goes round and round in an annoying orange ring of "Manually connect..." , "Can't see the the orange circle..." The app can even auto connect to the Echo Dot and in its voice,says "you're connected". Only the app despite auto connecting still doesn't know this. It's like the app can't even hear Alexa.
I can not set up my Echo as the app does not work. When I tap the Amazon Echo app on my Android phone it does not respond. I get a message 'certificate error. Update Google Chrome.' However my Google Chrome IS up to date. I have re-started my router, my phone, the Echo speaker and uninstalled and reinstalled the app. No luck. Surely Amazon can do better than this! I can't set up or use Alexa without this (cr) app. Please fix this, and soon
Man, this app used to suck so much. It was nearly unusable. The new update however is absolutely awesome. Super crisp, pulling up music is reliable and working with smart home appliances is much much faster. I feel way more comfortable recommended Echo's in general now that this is taken care of.
Took forever to setup my echo dot. Also the Alexa button doesn't seem to work. I'll select it hear the tone to speak, but Alexa never answers my question. It just times out and goes back to the home screen.
I gave it 3 stars instead of 5 for 1 reason. It has to be connected to the internet for EVERYTHING! I live in condos that provide free WiFi which goes down occasionally. When that happens, you can't even ask what time it is! No setting a timer, no alarm, no add to shopping list, nothing! All she can say is, "sorry, I'm having trouble connecting to the internet. Please visit the help section in your Alexa app." VERY FRUSTRATING and lame!
The latest update which enables the Alexa button in the app doesn't work properly. For example if I ask for Smmoth radio my app'sAlexa tells me that it is now playing but the Amazon echo does not respond. Ah well, all the other things work ok and I really like both the Echo and the app.
App is lately unresponsive. Sometimes intermittenly works. Alexa working fine. Now flash briefings are out dated. Internet and wifi working, though I sometimes see "internet not connected". Deleted app and download again. ...no change in responsiveness.
This app youse to be user friendly, now I can't even delete old z wave light.. It frustrating when trying to give command and there are old light on there.. They need to make easier to remove old light, like before it was very easy.
Alexa is a pretty rad chicken. Like, someone has to collect all my data, so if that's going to happen anyway, I'm glad Amazon wrapped it in a package that also plays Spotify and lets me automate my house.
b"This app is incredibly not user friendly. I can't figure out how to use this machine at all. Very diapointed. It's all connected but can't ever answer anything or play most anything. I have amazon prime but still useless. ??"
I have a Next tablet and installs but after login it just displays three blinking dots. Have tried several times and even reinstalled it. Does not seem to work on this device.
So annoying setting up devices. Fails constantly or in a continuous loop. Need a perfect internet connection for your lists to work. Why the heck can't it save a copy locally??? The app takes up considerable resources to run and often for things your not even trying to do
Most of the time, it tells me that my Echo Dot is offline. Also, the app is clunky - takes a long time to load. I think Amazon is good with hardware, but not so much on software.
Super slow and difficult to use for most everything. The shopping list idea is great, however, it takes way too long to call up your shopping list. There is also no way to export the list, If you are offline or have a slow connection the list can take 5+ minutes to access.
I find the app to be very user unfriendly. And the echo device has trouble understanding a good deal of my request, plus it's sound quality is only fair. My association with echo is looking it's luster.
I enjoy the app, what I would find really useful is a list widget so when I tell Alexa to add something to my list it goes to a widget list on my home screen. Might sound lazy but I forget to use the list feature sometimes because of this
As an app, a clunky, heavy and slow mess. Like something from 2012. As a means of setting up and controlling my Echo, works well.
Sometimes the App is not responsive. Unable to mark Events as completed. The skills are working fine. Dislike having to clear Alexa's responses one by one. Needed to hv a "Delete All" option.
App will not open. Crashes immediately. This is applicable to this version and the last. Phone is an essential ph-1 running Oreo 8.1 with all current updates.
Did your app developers know what response time is? I experienced lags while navigating beween pages/screens. Really the developers have to work on this concern.It takes more than 5 seconds to load the home page and any other screens as well. duh!
It's alright but some things are not available in my country and there are too many paid accounts needed to work it such as book apps, music apps, etc. Also, I don't have this Alexa button that people are talking about and the pictures show. (No updates available, so fully updated).
Lastest update killed the ability to change alarms. Can't change the times anymore as it's stuck trying to save. Copying Google's clock interface was a better choice compared to the old one.
I was well and truly convinced that this was the ideal App for my device but now I have lost that faith as since the last up date the ikea skill just does not want to work at all with the new software. This might have something to do with the Google software being integrated.
Disappointed! Amazon should be shamed. Such a wealthy company, not just in $$ but in technology, innovation and ability to hire the best in programmers yet the Alexa app sucks big time! The echo dot has incredible potential. I can tell by the responses I get when I ask certain questions. However, if it depends on the horrible app for its skills as an AI, it's getting no where slowly with each update. I really want to like the Echo and I'm hanging on Alexa but... I may have to find another girl. Come on Amazon, you can do better!
This is a great device but until Amazon can give me a filter to stop explicit lyrics it is incompatible with family life. I don't want my children to hear profanities and inappropriate content. Please sort this out.
Does not work with Philips Hue. Creates duplicates of devices then tells you that you have more than one device with the same name. If you try deleting duplicate, it makes another. Hue works great with Google Assistant.
Guys... It's SO difficult to connect to the internet it's not even funny. Sometimes I can't even set it up cause it won't connect:(
Every question I ask I get "hmm I don't know that one" Trying to send detailed feedback from the app doesn't work, press the link and nothing happens, I could go on about how useless it is
It wouldn't upgrade and returned a 505 error, so I uninstalled it and tried from new, same issue. Contacted support and was told to use Amazon Underground... No!
This app is not supported Voice Profile. YOUR VOICE menu is not displaying under settings. Please update on the same
Ever since the new update the app either gets stuck in a loading screen or just simply says the device is offline, though it isn't.
Works well only problem is that my daughters name is Alexa and there is no option to change the wake word
This app is very bad...it take almost 15 to 30 min to open setting option...sometimes even after 30 min it didn't open...
App does not do much, constant spinning wheel on home screen. Not impressed with it at all.
Doesnt work on my moto g5s plus. Keeps loading on the main view and the alexa voice symbol is never shown. Tried multiple times installing and clearing the data/cache but no luck. Please fix
More frustrating than helpful. Have Samsung phone. Cannot play music from Amazon prime or 'my music' unless I play online, not my downloaded list. Cannot choose Bynum lists, just the one primary. Cannot have Alexa skip, search etc UNLESS I push the Alexa icon every time than say a command. Difficult taking the phone out each time while using headphones-bose. Will NOT allow me to play music w/o headphones. So I thought I would delete Alexa. It won't delete! But if I try to search phone for Alexa app get message not installed. Perhaps this means something. The Alexa app is faded, muted, not as bright as normal apps.
7i uninstalled the last app b/c it failed to allow me to access all of my music. So I'm hoping deleting it and downloading it again will fix it.
It's a slow app. Needs Internet to even display saved lists.
Worst app it's not working properly every time I have to connect it again Nd again but it's keep saying I m having trouble to connect internet
Alexa thinks i live in Norristown, PA, when all my settings indicate Philadelphia. I've triple checked my settings. It's a problem on Amazon's end. Please fix your zip codes!!!
Things seem to be running smoothly with the new update, except the home screen. Nothing works under the home tab, dark screen.
Downloaded this app and it didn't do anything. Just stayed stuck on three dots.
Keeps asking for personal info.. not interested in sharing... app won't let me use it. Too bad, used it for about 6 months
Latest update crashes when pressing on details of installed skills.
Still doesn't work right like the rest of stuff that Amazon owns .
Alexa has been rendered useless by this useless app. Can't connect, won't let me connect it to wifi, can't do anything with it.
New update broke my link to Sirius XM radio!Thanks!
Your latest update will not allow me to open the Alexa app just a black screen
Keeps crashing. Extremely slow. Not very easy to use
Slow and useless. Can't even use it to update echo dot WiFi settings.
Not very intuitive. Finding things is a challenge.
Connection timeout issue after second login. Unable to set up.
It does not work with smart switch It even don't have option for smart switch. It dies. It does not discover it....
I think this app is just wonderful I could use my Alexa to play music me and my man Michael and dance the night away
Much better since recent update . All working well at the moment
Just connecting to Alexa is a head ache
The settings section won't load even on my 4g connection.
Great!!!! Needs to learn more and faster .
There's no option for ECHO show. Worse yet even after doing a search on the net for setting up the Echo Show. It says to download the ALEXA APP. THIS APP. So Amazon, you're trying to tell me that ALL the people who bought a Echo Show know how to setup their unit thru the app. But I am the ONE user that sees NO option to do what my old Echo used to do w the Orange Ring. There is no orange ring on a show. Come on guys. Really?
b'Having fun with echo. Very useful??'
Doesn't have the Alexa blue button on app. After I reinstalled the app, the button vanished.
App needs updating my skills she can never enable
Set up is very difficult
It's very slow
wish they would polish this app up some.
Device offline message when it's online and working
Missing a ton of options compared to the US.
doesn't work.
Alexa beats Siri all day. Very useful.
Great addition for quick local info and communicating via hands free phone!
Amaaazing. If you wanna play music, i suggest using PLEX
It is really nice because it's like a real person and this app helps
Cannot enter address.
I wish I could play YouTube music on it that would be great to me
IT REALLY WORKS!!!!!!
This really works I love it you should get this
i command you alexa
I like Alexa
Seems good I need to try it out somr
Doesn't even install keeps failing
Great app vast choice of skills
Grt app
Nice I like it. Alexa is better from google.....
Great, makes life easier
Setup is terrible
I love my Alexa!!!!
Hands free love.
Its a good app
Amazing Amazon
Absolutely brilliant
Love this app
Awesome
I liked it a lot when I first downloaded. I could see the song playing, manipulate the song and change the volume. That feature is gone. I have less ability to control Alexa now. I am some what frustrated
Buggy and slow. Half the buttons don't work half the time and have to kill and reopen. I expected much more from amazon.
Love this app. I can sync my echo's and watch my cats when I'm away. It's great. I love how I can control my echo's. I would like to suggest they have the Alexa widget. I think it would be useful to ask Alexa questions like to open the app or use it to drop in on other Alexa's without o0ening the app. Like if you're working on your phone and you just want to drop in real quick without closing out of your current app and have a window to see or hear what's going on. Or have a widget like a mini Alexa home screen. Just an idea.
Tell Alexa what to do and half the time it never works via the app
I cannot get household settings to load. Navigation takes a long time to load
This app runs well and is very useful. Alexa has become part of my everyday routine.
I'm glad that they finally fixed the WebView update popup glitch. This app is so great! If you are planning or considering an Alexa device, try this app out! You get most of the features of Alexa, but you can actually see what she can do. This is a great place to get comfortable with Alexa before going ahead and buying one. It's fun to ask Alexa if she is friends with the other voice assistants, like Siri, Google Assistant, or Cortana. The app and the product are both great! Thanks, Amazon! Having Alexa on Android is awesome.
Got it primarily for the smarthome function. Unfortunately, the smart home portion of the app is really poor. SUGGESTIONS: 1) Please make the interface such that you can see if devices are on or off just from the main smarthome page. At night, when i check to make see if lights have been left on i have to click on each device one by one to see if its on or off. 2) integrate some basic "if this then that" functionality so alexa can truly integrate the smart home. Ex: if main office light is turned on, lamps will turn on. 3) give the option for the user to set the default home page when the app is opened. I want my first page to be the smart home tab because thats primarily what i use Alexa for.
Getting there could be better. I like that I can remotely do things from my phone to my echo, however unless it's an action you recently done and is on the history tab I cannot find how you'd open it without. Also it'd be nice if I could rename the Bluetooth devices connected rather than need my app to change i.e. I have a audio bridge dongle for my amp called a technika BT1305 which requires me to ask for it by name to connect, it'd be easier to ask Alexa connect to amp or connect to bedroom speaker. Edit. I signed up to music unlimited but find it hard to loacte albums as not every artist appears on the a to z list.
Voice commands via the app really unreliable, would rather just talk to my Echo. Other functions I can do with my phone using apps I'm already familiar with. Really struggling to find a use for this app, but we are in a time where you can't buy a potato peeler without there being an accompanying app.
Great love my Alexa's, but why can't we have an alarm that wakes you up to radio still??? Come on and get this much sort after feature implemented please! Unable to use drop in via app or Echo to Echo! More info on what each update brings, you say the same thing for many updates!
Dodgy marketing. Don't be fooled by the claim of thousands of skills. No mention of the fact that the majority of them are only available in America. Here in Australia every single skill that made me choose Amazon alexa are not available. And I know of one case where one of the developers is still waiting for approval for their skill to be released here.
This app is so worthless that I hardly believe that it has anything to do with Amazon. The music control function lacks both normal search and repeat functions not to mention that keys can stick. Don't recommend to use this garbage but unfortunately one has no choice. Amazon please do something to bring this app to your own high standards.
Useless! For those who say you can use it without the echo. I don't know how you do it. But when I tried to open it it told me there was a certificate error and that I needed to update chrome and try again later. Doesn't make sense considering I don't have chrome on my phone set up. I'm uninstalling this app.
Restarts continually before I can even log in on my LG G4. Tried reinstalling but no improvement. Update: Installed Amazon shopping app to see if I could log into that and Alexa no longer restarts. Suggests to me there may be some shared component that Alexa is dependent on, or maybe it's a cunning plan...!
It's getting better. App is still very clunky and slow. The lists or anything requiring database access just takes forever. Its agonizing!! Too many clicks to get places and not a good hierarchy to work with. Please keep the updates coming. Thanks!
Would've given 5 stars until the music player within the app stopped working entirely. It no longer shows any music controls or song info. The only thing that shows up under the "player" tab are the instructions on how to phrase commands to get Alexa to play a song, playlist, or book. Customer support wasn't helpful and they don't appear to have any idea why this function of the app stopped working nor do they have any solutions to fix it.
b'Have not experience any issues with the echo dot nor the Amazon Alexa App. I like the fact that I can use the app to control things at my home besides speaking to the echo dot. For faster access thought, it\'d be nice if we can triggered alexa to respond on the app by saying "Alexa,...". Or, design a widget that we can single press and say the command. Then it\'d be really great. Edited - I like the follow-up feature. Really useful \xe2\x98\xba??'
The feedback option is grayed out so how do you give feedback? I've had it for a few days and the novelty is wearing off. *** edited *** I've been having problems again with alexa turning lights back on after I've asked for them to be turned off. It does this about 4 times then they stay off. I sometimes have to use the original app to turn devices off rather than the alexa app.
The apps text entry doesn't duck properly for the android keyboard. Of course one is also forced to use it if they have an Alexa device. Generally when Alex a forces me into the app I don't find what I want quickly. Also the app doesn't seem to cache any data, so the shopping list feature doesn't always work when I'm at the supermarket.
1. App is much too complicated. 2. Group play feature is moronic because each unit can only belong to one group. 3. Group play is cancelled by request to read notifications. 4. Group play cannot be resumed. 5. Alarms cannot be changed with voice commands, they must be cancelled and re-set. 6. If music is playing on one device, a different person cannot play different music in a different device...
All of sudden when I drop in on my echos I cannot hear them unless I mute my mic. I tried multiple echos and different phones and it only happens on my phone after update. I uninstalled Alexa app and all other recent apps and same issue. I have a Samsung gs7 edge.
AMAZON: Please do an update of this app which enables android users operating on 4.4.2 firmware to be allowed to access the conversation icon. After research, you have only allowed 5.0.1 or higher on android to be allowed these feature. Very disappointed after purchasing your product. Please rectify. Thank you
This app used to have the ability to pause songs or control the volume of the Echo device from the app. That has disappeared. Why? Sometimes I want to discreetly change the volume without having to shout at Alexa. Amazon, bring this function back!!
I downloaded the app and it worked for a day. The next day it won't load at all. I've Uninstalled multiple times with the same result. "Unfortunately amazon alexa has stopped" when I try to open the app. Good think I got it set up the first day. But now I guess I just have to wait for an update to see if it works.
I mainly use the app when I'm either too far away from one of our echos or if the rest of the household is sleeping. For that very reason I wish there would be an update that created a widget that directly opened the smart home section.
Amazon, being first and foremost a technology company, should be ashamed. Alexa is beyond useless where I live in France, despite the language being set to English. So I thought while I'm visiting the US, I would test Alexa on my phone, to see if the utility was better. But when I open the app, the language is set to Japanese... With no option to change it.
I would rate it higher but every time I want to use the app to start playing music on my Alexa echo dot it does not work! I want this feature so I can play music for my puppy at home to ease him and allow him to sleep at night while I'm upstairs or in another room
EDIT: Even worse now. How can such a great piece of hardware have such a terrible app? Non-responsive. Often can't find the Internet. Search function buried. No Favorites list. Very unintuitive design. And messaging? Really. Who cares? Wow, this app has really gone downhill. A full 90 seconds to sync to my Dot? No volume control? "Your Dot is disconnected" while it's playing music..... really? Really? Great product. Embarrassingly bad app. 2nd Edit: Wow. Really? Really? A full 5 minutes to effing turn the volume down on my Echo. Amazon...go to your room!
What's all this about Alexa? "To continue to use this skill free give it a 5 star rating." Bribery for a false 5 star rating? Oooo naughty naughty!! You only find this out AFTER you buy one of these. Not very impressed.
I can't even use this app, once downloaded it doesn't completely work. The home screen just had the loading dots going on and does nothing else
Got a replacement Google pixel 2 and I can't get the app to do anything past the log in screen. I just get the three flashing "loading" dots. Works fine with my husband's iPhone and with my previous pixel. Deleted the app and reinstalled it multiple times...how frustrating!!!
Did an update as it wouldn't let me update my WiFi details. Uninstalled it as still wouldn't work but now won't let me reinstall app. Have tried EVERYTHING to fix as thought it was my phone (Huawei p20 pro) but have came to the conclusion it is the app as I can download other apps! Now have an echo i can't use!!
Why are Amazon so poor at writing apps? Alexa app is very resource hungry, clunky and generally painful. So is the Amazon music app.... Surely they are big enough to start producing decent, intuitive apps? Seems not at the moment.
Such a horrible app. Why cant they just create a native app. This hangs , and is next to impossible to do anything on it. The only reason why it is given a high star is due to thr device, which is fantastic. But the app sucks
My echo dot would be alot better if I could use a specific song or playlist as my alarm clock. I also dislike having to say "play this song with Spotify" I'd like to set a certain music app as my default app so I don't have to specify the app I want to listen to. It makes the command over complicated. I believe it defaults to Amazon's music app if I don't say "... On Spotify" or "...on pandora"
This app was working beautifully until today, March 15th. I have tried twice to get into Alexa app and all I get is a blank screen. I've uninstalled, restarted my phone and it is still the same. Before today, I would have given this app 5 stars, even 3 stars which I rated it, isn't even what I should've rated it. This is terrible! Someone help me please.
Constantly get an error message saying the app cannot connect to the Internet, despite my phone having full WiFi signal. Have to restart my phone to get it to work. Samsung galaxy S6
The interface is extremely slow. The music section scrolling is garbage. I could go on but it's not worth my time. I can't believe Amazon wouldnt have a better app than this.
The now playing function stopped working after the update. Found this on Reddit and the fix worked for me. "It appears that having multiple echoes in a "group" for multi-room playback caused the issue. I removed all my echoes from the group and "Now Playing" returned. I was able to later create a "group", add my echoes to it, and the "Now Playing" screen remained."
Alexa app used to work just fine on my Android tablet till this morning. 3/15/18 Now it freezes and restarts as I am typing in my username. A couple of times I was able to type real fast but never could get through both username and password before the dreaded freeze/restart. Uninstall/reinstall no help. Several others have just commented the same problem. Good grief Amazon, Alexa is your million dollar baby! Why would you break it???
In the menu app of my Alexa it does not have Music, Video & Books. It only shows Music & Books. Please update this because this is extremely important thing for me. I need it so that I can see who is at the door using the video part of it. Please help and add this feature A.S.A.P. Thank you...Then it will deserve 5 stars. Blessings.
I have to press the screen before it accepts a voice command. I couldn't control Amazon music using ok Google. Alexa doesn't work either. Hours spent online looking for solutions none worked
Wanted a way to play specific songs on alexa instead of attempting to tell it. Of course this (cr)app doesnt offer that feature. Deleted it!
Worst app out there. Considering Amazon are a multi billion company this is useless. You cannot connect your devices, really frustrating
My app all of a sudden just quit working, on my Android, on my iPad, and on my computer. I've tried working with tech support for over 3 weeks now and continue to get the run around, repeatedly being told the "engineer is still evaluating the sitiation" App support is useless!
Re-installed this app and at every stage of inputting the required info it crashes and starts over again, but letting me get a little bit further each time. After about 10 attempts so far I have had 3 verification codes and still not got past that step. Very, very frustrating and I had the same issues at first installation.
I try setting up the Echo as instructed but it's super fincky. I haven't been able to get it to work yet. Often, after connecting to the Echo the setup screen gets stuck on the continue button and there's no way to move forward from the setup.
Decent app when it fully works. The Now playing feature has been broken for well over a month with no fix even after numerous updates. So really hoping you fix that real soon. Overall app is great just seems like certain features glitch and Amazon seems terribly slow at addressing issues. Would Appreciate an acknowledgement on this issue, thank you
can't even log in, app freezes every time I try. useless. Edit: managed to log in and now says 'connection error' every time i click on the app. still useless.
The language issue is a major problem. It keeps stopping me from using other accounts in different languages on my Sonos system. It keeps interacting with the amazon account. Somehow it smells like Cambridge Analytica! Give us some peace and freedom, at least to buy and choose the languages we want with the apps we use.
b'The addition of voice input is incredible, and currently exclusive to the Android version (not on Apple devices). With two taps, I have access to a "mobile Echo" wherever I am. Very useful for accessing my home automation when I\'m in a room where one of my existing Echos can\'t hear me, or even when out of the home. "Turn on the backyard floodlights" while in the yard is awesome ??. Oh, and it\'s really fast at accepting voice input on my Pixel 2. Virtually no lag between the time I press the button and when it is ready to listen. If I had any complaint, it would be to echo (no pun intended) what others have said about Lists not being available when network coverage is bad. I know companies like Amazon think we are "always connected", but even in the modern world, being in many mortar-and-steel grocery stores wrecks havoc on cell coverage. I get around this by syncing Lists to Todoist, but it would be nice if the app cached Lists.'
Was great until the recent update. Now the echo does not recognize my standard radio station anymore. Please revert back! Useless now.
We have multi-echos and appreciate the convenience of using voice to assemble a shopping list. This works well with minimal issues for accuracy. The Alexa App on Android, however, is pitfully slow and quirky. It takes way too long for each step (there are 3) to get to my shopping list (sometimes minutes on both Wi-Fi and Days). Each step often takes multiple pokes before it registers as selected. When the list finially displays, I have to wait for it to scroll and/or allow me to check items. I've actually had it shut down while shopping necessitating that I reload and then recheck the items I already got. Amazon ... I love you guys. Please fix! (5 stars for convenience ... 1 star for performance = 3 stars).
This is worse than useless. Every time i try and enter my user name and password it just keeps restarting and i don't get any further.
Could do with a widget to directly access the Alexa assistant, or voice control access like ok Google. Starting the app up and then clicking Alexa is slow.
Not working on galaxy note since 15th March when i last tried, useless until there's a fix. Locks on login screen, not sure why it goes there in the first place as i never signed out!
Support for Amazon music is beyond frustrating. Search is terrible. Songs mostly don't play first time, need multiple attempts. The UI is unintuitive and slow.
I cannot answer calls without difficulty. Pressing the answer button seems to be ignored till I've pressed it many times. Very frustrating.
I honestly think the echo doesn't understand my voice (ex. I tried to play Shinin by JONGHYUN but it didn't understand me
The app is poorly designed, with a clunky interface, and very slow response. The settings interface is appalling, with settings hidden behind menus, hidden behind other menus. Keep it simple, keep it flat.
Not really sure what happened. Was able to add songs to my playlist and now all of sudden my playlist can't be found. Alexa tells me to check my music app which I have and that says the app is unsupported!! Sort it out!!!!!
This app was working just fine. It appears you did an update and now my drop in feature isn't working. In order to hear anything I have to mute then un mute to talk. Before this update I used the app all the time!! Fix it please.
It will not let me log into my account that I already have and use all the time. Downloaded this because my fire tablet crashed. So I thought I could use my Android phone. Please advise.
Unable to many (if not most) albums directly on echo though available on amazon music store. Playing via Bluetooth from mobile is a stupid workaround though. I feel this is an deliberate attempt to restrict content. Have given feedback multiple times and there's no response. Now if an album is not played then app doesn't display what it heard (hears it alright)
Can't believe Amazon have created something so poor. Can't log in. Sends the code to my email address. If I leave the app to check email code and reopen Alexa app it restarts. FFS!
Terrible app. Feels incredibly outdated. Can't get multiple settings to load. You'd think a multibillion dollar company could make a halfway decent app
This is the worst experience I've ever had with customer support. And that's in regard to anything having to do with any of the apps provided by Amazon
The app doesn't work. Certain things do but many functions don't work properly. It also needs more functions. I'm tempted to try Google Home and see if theirs works better.
Wont even let me log in before freezing and resetting back to the login screen then does that all over again. Ill change my review if it ever starts working for me.
The app does everything is expect it to flawlessly except ... I've experienced issues with it not opening in two different grocery stores. It just loads to a white screen. I discovered that, if I turn off the Wi-Fi on my Android phone, it will then open the app. This also happened today to a friend of mine with an iPhone. Hers eventually opened but it was extremely slow. Sort of defeats the purpose of a grocery list.
I use it mainly to play music and sometimes it works great and sometimes it plays one song from a playlist.and I have to keep telling her to play more songs. Sometimes she just stops completely and doesn't always sync with the app and I can't use the app to see what's playing. When it works it's great. I uninstall and reinstall.
Doesn't recognize my voice commands 9 times out of 10. No built in alarm. Basic stuff missing.
The app is completely unusable offline, which makes absolutely no sense. What's the point of using Alexa to make things like shopping lists, if I can't even access the list when wifi isn't available
Spent well over two hours of my life trying to setup my echo dot for a different wifi. Still won't connect. Not worth anymore of my time. Slow af too.
I have an oldish tablet. Now I can write this review on here (my phone) there's no problem with Alexa, however with my tablet keyboard the Alexa app hates it, really laggy. Patience has run out now so I've uninstalled.
SHOPPING LIST DOESNT WORK - KEEPS DELETING EVERTYING I ADD AFTER TWO SECONDS.. BACK TO THE POSTIT NOTES I GUESS. DEVELOPER SAYS THEY CANT FIX YET. BEEN A WEEK.
Alexa didn't understand anything I tried to search for. I expected something more like the voice button on the Fire stick remote. Nothing that succeeded there produced anything useful from this app.
hot garbage. not having simple google search is deal breaker. cant even change timer sound. alexa is very stupid ai. wish ids got google home mini
A year plus after my first Echo and the app is equally bad. Upon startup it just keeps spinning. Hard to setup a new Echo device. When you can't even load help, you know the app is bad. It can't find the device. Does it say that? Nope, just spins and spins.
App is slow and sometimes just hangs, even when connected to a good Wi-Fi connection and other internet apps work just fine. It would be cool to be able to favorite most used features, since it takes several sub menus to get to common uses. The biggest complaint I have is regarding the asymmetry between what can be done via the Echo and what requires the app. For instance, you can do many common tasks with the Echo that then requires you to use the app to resolve or undo, like sending and deleting messages, or creating and changing lists. The point of voice control is so that you don't have to go hunt for your phone and then wait for the Alexa app to hopefully connect and not sit there with a spinner when connected with a perfectly good Wi-Fi access point. I find it annoying enough that I don't use those features, and find the overall solution to be only so-so. I've had the Echo for 2 years, and a lot of frivolous stuff has been added without fixing the core design issues.
I have been using the Amazon Alexa app and devices in my home since day one of their release. Recently, perhaps since the latest app update, the app has been freezing /locking. Today I attempted to fix by deleting the app from my LG V20 phone and then reloading it from the Google App Store. What a mistake. Now all I get is 3 flashing dots on my screen as the app attempts to open. I removed it from my phone a second time and reloaded it. Still, only three flashing dots. I shut my phone off and turned it back on. Still only three flashing dots. I went into my settings on my phone and did a forced stop on the app. Still only 3 flashing dots. Amazon Technical Services please fix this!! I have five echoes in my home. My app on my phone is a must have element of my system. I am very dissatisfied now. I was a five-star satisfied customer.
Does not work on 2 diff LG phones. Freezes before signing in before I can get details typed in and reboots the app. Tried multiple internet fixes but useless. Can't control smartbulb through Echo as a result. Not happy!
Still lags a little and supper annoying if you have slow internet. Won't stop using it, still really helpful for my Amazon Echo.
can not sign in on app before it freezes up and stalls, something must be broken on the app. So I have a alexa dot that i am unable to use, thanks Amazon for a broken app.
I like the features of this app, unfortunately none of the features work properly except the music section. The home section does have some option to check the response of Alexa, however if the AI makes a mistake then the feedback link does not work. While filling forms the UI does not scroll up so I'm not sure how to fill content which are behind the keyboard. Similarly there are lot of issues that makes this app not usable. The team needs to do a better job here as they have an intelligent AI with poorly backed up App.
Having to restart this to connect to WiFi 3 times when I don't even use the app. 1 function for me and hardly works. Also, no I do not want to put my messages and calls up for everyone to see
Latest update prevents me from logging on. Just freezes while you are typing your password. Also takes a long time to show you your shopping list when it does work. Amazon should be ashamed of this app
This app has a long way to go. We barely use Alexa since we find her pretty useless except for music. (We end up using our Google phones for almost everything) We hoped the app would control the music the same way the Amazon music app does (which is also lacking) and it doesn't even do that. It works for sending messages, voice or text, and getting reminders. Overall, everything about Alexa and especially this app, makes me want to switch to google.
b"I asked to play Laung Laachi by Gurmeet Singh, it played Baba black sheep ?? I asked to repeat the word Laung Lachi, (just to check if Alexa understands my pronunciation) it did nothing. May be in future Alexa will improve, it's still evolving, but sorry to rate it least stars."
Verification was an absolute pain, it should not take 20 minutes to get an app set up. I had to resend codes far too many times. Now that i did, it works well, ui isn't super intuitive, but it's functional
This app is indeed fun, and handy; however, I downloaded it to control my music hands-free, and music is not supported on my phone. I would give it five stars if the music wirked and if I didn't need a third-party software to make it completely hands-free.
If you have music equalizer - booster, much clarity is achieved. I would like to have ability to change character names,such as "Jarvis " or any generic name. More personalized. I love my "Echo",,when placing phone calls., friends are amazed even from say 10-20 feet, clear as a bell. Best AI ever thought of. Bought carrying case attachmnt, power base for outdoor use.
Every time I try to put my email and password it stops working, then comes back on before I could finish, and have to start again. 5 time its happened, so l gave up!!!
Being a single man now... Alexa is nothing short of being your best friend who you can talk to and get your replies... Plays songs as I want it... It's the best friend I have at home...
Very awful, terrible method to setup a new device and not able to setup right away. That's not smart. Had to be sent a replacement but not until the new one will work flawlessly, this app and device is just disappointing.
It doesn't work independently needs amazon echo devices. Total waste of space
After update on 3-15-18 Samsung Galaxy S5 drop in no longer works on many devices. It now echoes your own voice thru echo dot when doing drop in. Never had this issue before till this update. Please fix... happening on several devices.
I spent half an hour trying to login to my amazon account. I think it might have been having an argument with lasttpass, but I'll never know because I am putting it in next Christmas white elephant. .
Horrible voice responses. Claims to not be able to find artists to play on Amazon music when you can manually search for them just fine.
I can't even sign in. Not good right now. I can use it on my tablet but not here. Why? I have AT&T Alcatel One Touch.
Since the last update the app duplicates my hue lamps so they dont work as they should. It was fine before the update and deserved five stars it is such a shame the update has caused these problems. Please fix.
This app was working great until I reset my phone and reinstalled the updated version of the App. Now it keeps crashing and restarting right as I am about to enter the login security number from Amazon so I an unable to log into the app at all.
Freezes on every attemt to logginn. I dont know if this app is any good. But I am told I need it to operate the EchoSpot.
Echo plus stopped working with my light out of the blue. Spent 2 hours with Amazon the phone. They are clueless. Told me to uninstall my app which I did. Reinstalled with the update and can not get into it. Won't let me log on. Can not even complete my password. Keeps crashing. Had to install an earlier version without some features which enabled me to use my Philips hub to reconnect all if my lights. I'm afraid to try and install the newer version again until I hear that it has been fixed.
Doesn't let me sign in. Crashes repeatedly on the sign in screen on tablet. Works on phone but it's slow and doesn't cache the shopping list for easy offline access
Well, I installed it, but it when I try to log in, it just freezes and restarts. I guess I'll be uninstalling it now. I had it for about 5 minutes, good job guys.
It was overall both this app and my Echo & Echo Dot but the functionality has gone down the drain since recent updates. I've tried resetting both echos up but no luck... It's more of a inconvience at this point...
Slow app. Very buggy. Most of the time I am unable to control the echo with this app. The is an ongoing issue... please fix. Google home is looking more and more attractive.
Really needs to have the same exact features as the US Alexa in the UK... Follow up us missing and so is the training for different voices... It's not like it's two different languages....
The app is incredibly unresponsive. I have to keep closing and reopening it just to make it work. It is a slog to use
This app takes a really long time to load. Slow and clunky. You would think the tech would be better coming from Amazon.
I love my echo Dot but this app functions terribly on Android, specifically talking to Alexa. It rarely registers anything I say, worked great the first day but that's it.
App is freezing on two step verification screen on phone and tablet as well. I am giving up for now. Will wait for updated version.
Aaaargh!!! What on EARTH made Amazon pick BING as the *only* search engine this app will use. I have literally ZERO trust in bing and use the world's leading search engine every time, not that noddy piece of nonsense. Please at least LET ME CHOOSE Google!!! So search is 100% useless until Amazon and Google make it up and behave like adults again. Also, since some aspects are built-in, such as shopping lists, why not have a widget or app to let me add to it and tick items off - look at Google Keep if you're not sure. The app does not seem to be very keyboard-friendly. When i type in a review for a skill i can see what I'm typing only if i hide the keyboard, but then i can't type. It needs to scroll the screen up to show the input section above the keyboard.
Amazon Alexa is very useful. The app feels a bit clunky, but does what it needs to.
It app is very slow. It freezes periodically. Also I can't search Amazon unlimited music. I can search Amazon my music, but it is incredibly slow.
I just DL this app to set up my Dot and it has frozen up 7 times within 5 minutes while prompting me to change my Amazon password. Eff this app and eff Alexa.
This app is all over the place. It needs to be streamlined and made more intuitive. Using it has been very frustrating.
This used to be a useful app. Recent update now won't allow me to enter login info. Absolutely ZERO support from Amazon. Bezos more interested in buying grocery stores, newspapers and building giant clocks than supporting existing products.
Stuck on screen that keeps showing the three dots appearing and disappearing after logging in. What an atrocious product! What a joke! Amazon should go back to selling books.
After installing this app my phone started freezing. It stops all functions of my phone. Power button also stops working. It is getting back to normal after 10 to 12 hours. Device shows issue in this app.
I mean...it works okay. From time to time I want to throw the Alexa device against the wall. One HUGE issue is that you can't have Alexa connected to a Bluetooth speaker and then have it play on the "everywhere" network. Meaning, you can't have multiple Alexa devices playing though speaker in different rooms unless they are connected via Aux. Seems like a missed opportunity. Also, Alexa gets confused when you ask her to connect to device and then play on the network. She simple freezes and you have to unplug to restart. Come one Amazon, git r done.
Constantly freezes, just hangs before you can log in. Such a poor app from a huge company like Amazon. Useless.
Can't change the language, makes understanding my voice harder because of it. but it works when I does recognize it.
The app regularly does not open fully, especially when trying to recover my Alexa device. Happens on my Motorola but not on partners one plus phone.
DOESN'T WORK. just got a dot and it freezes on login. so i have an 80 dollar paper weight
It keeps saying ' I'm having trouble understanding right now'. Very irritating. Also, not playing music.
Terrible. How on earth can Amazon put their name to such a badly thought through app.
Disappointing app for a great device. I, like many others, use my Alexa for internet radio. This app is needed for controlling, as Alexa will often play the wrong radio station with a similar name (e.g. I'm in the UK but it always plays a US Jack FM). The app is slow. Favourites are not intuitive. Play history is often wrong. The radio function is spread over two sections of the app. Right now the app is offline, apparently. My phone, however, is not.
Glitchiest app I've ever used. No search feature for music unlimited is unforgivable. Locks up constantly on galaxy s8.
User interface for managing reminders and alarms is useless. Cannot set monthly reminders cannot set alarms at all period app is slow cannot give Alexa commands from the app
Be great if I'd stop confirming what I said and just beep or something. Maybe call it brief mode or something. Some sound that isn't a voice to wake up my two year old.
App crashes as soon as I try to log in on my android phone, even after reinstalling. Rubbish product
Not able to find vedio option only music and book displayed. I have an fire stick configured to my TV but not able to connect from Alexa over voice
App no longer works. Just sits with blank screen once you log in and it took 20 minutes and 5 attempts to log in.
App doesn't allow email address to be entered. It freezes up and u have to restart your phone.
Not intuitive. If you have a problem it is useless. Good product, horrible app.
The app seems to be broken. It's extremely slow and I can't even get to the setup screen.
Won't show music in now playing or queue. Only history. No way of controlling music suddenly with app, including the Apple version which I also tried with no success. No help was given except use the submit additional feedback where app tells you what you have asked. This button says click to submit but you cant click it, so no way of actually doing it.
Crushes every single time. Not able to get Alexa setup. It looks I have to return it. Thank you!!!
Spotify/music control doesn't work well at all... keeps switching from smart speaker to build in one, inconsistent command recognition, doesn't recognize playlists...
It does not work on my Samsung s9+ at all. Logged in and it just go blink screen.
Unusable on my phone, always hangs before I've managed to enter my Amazon account password.
I will go 5 stars as soon as Amazon adds the ability to have the Alexa app listen for the wake word even when the app isn't in the foreground.
Super buggy. Hard to link accounts to the system because the pages won't load. Many settings within the app just would not load for me. For context, I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S8 plus
I didn't like this app at all i mean i have many reasons for that also .pls donot install this trash app . 1 it doesnot understand most of the time what i speak 2. When i opened it next day the icon by which we can talk to alexa was not there and i actually reinstalled it to make sure that it always happen like this and bingo it happend again there are many more reasons but i am not going to waste my time for this stupid app so guys a piece of advice is that don't install it it is useless
This app is really good since the update where it completely changed it fidnt tell me that it could update or even came up that was one untill i reinstalled it to get it one thing i would reccomend is being able to add music from spoyify or any of yhe music players to your routine would be really useful
The app needs a major revamp. Most skill services are patchy and do not work well. For example fitbit skill doens't work at all.
Login screen resets itself every a few seconds, not possible to login neither create account.
Seemingly impossible to remove devices, notably that it stops running Alexa on my phone (I want to check the devices not receive calls etc on my phone through it). Attempting an uninstall and reinstall to fix
Good app but would be improved if you could use the hands free speaker on the phone app when you 'drop in' on your echo spot, the sound only comes out the ear piece on my phone which makes it difficult to hear
Doesn't work properly with Lenovo tab 2 running Android 5.1 and struggled to connect to wifi to work with LG G4. It wouldn't let me log into Amazon on the Lenovo so turned WiFi off, entered user name and password, turned WiFi on and hey presto, it logged in. Wasted nearly 2 hours what should have taken 2 minutes with a WPS feature. Ok so it works now but a major pain in getting there.
Not functional. I use a long password, and the app would reset before I finished entering it. I was unable to get in
Had everything in the house already automated. Alexa adds voice control, the cherry on the parfait! She can do a lot on her own, but when you can lower the patio shades, start playing music everywhere and turn on the spa jets... while sitting in it... Sweet!
I can't get past the damn sign in, it keeps freezing, I'm so frustrated with this.
The alarm feature on the app does not function well. It lags and sometimes does not even work. At first I thought it may have been the phone itself, but the same thing would happen with the new one.
Alarm setting - I can't pick few specific days for the same time. It only allows to pick every Monday, Tue ..etc. it is annoying. The repeated setting is not good.
The queue function no longer works. It only shows the current song that is playing. You are now unable to see what songs are on afterwards so can't skip to them if you wish to do so.
I've had the app for thirty minutes and the whole time I've been trying to log in. It crashes if I submit anything. Won't let me create a new account without crashing, went on my computer to create one and went to log in and it still crashed.
It's a bad app. One bit that is excruciatingly slow is the alarms page. To go from the home page to the alarms page takes upto a minute sometimes on my oneplus 3t. That is insane. Get your act together Amazon :|
I would rate this app a lot higher if it had widgets for the lists users create. I find it really frustrating to have to weave through the app to get to my shopping list when I'm in the store.
Cannot access the app. I need to leave the app login screen to access an email sent verification code but on re-entering the app it sends me back to the beginning meaning requesting new code, leave the app, back to the beginning etc.... Circles of frustration with no way out.
This app is very disorganized. Setting everything up feels like wading through a maze of folders. Even worse, it keeps glitching. Buttons are not clickable, certain folders cause the app the freeze, sometimes it just doesn't respond. Also, the household function does not work. Many issues to be fixed. Disappointing, coming from how established Alexa and Amazon are.
It used to let me control and see what's playing on pandora through the Alexa app. That has stopped working. I can't control the volume or thumbs up or thumbs down on the app anymore either.
Its hard to find what i neeed. They sayo to connect a new bluetooth device i should go to settings->bluetooth but auch a path does not exist. Its not very user friendly
What a waist of money.dont bother waisting your time. Wont even connect. Tryed different phones and different wifi. NOTHING. DOSE NOT WORK.
If you like loading screens, this is your app. ITS MOSTLY LOADING SCREENS.
Poorly developed app: - the app does not connect/or hangs up loading at various stages of the process of setting up WiFi, - somwhat annoying at trying to force you to go through the configuration of some new (and potentially unwanted) features, - the UI is not as the one shown on the photos.
This app feels like an attempt for Amazon to collect more information on you and just get their daily users on rise.. this Alexa can't even play music from my laptop via aux cord without complicated and unnecessary setup. This app and this amazon product are not worth the time and money spent.
I got a new phone so had to redownload the Amazon Alexa app It keeps crashing everytime I try to log in and it's starting to piss me off
Cannot see my custom skills that are in development. Frequent crashes
Please fix the Alarm UI and thinking. It often freezes when adding an alarm via App. And then you can't add another alarm unless you force stop the app.
Works ok to control Alexa devices but Alexa button no longer works in app. Have tried logging in and out but still not working. Makes the app not really useful without that.
Somehow the newer versions of this app does not work in China (tried w & w/o VPN), so need to deinstall and use older version (from January) - please have a look at this.
When click skills nav link, It's talking too much time in load. I am using Samsung galaxy j7 prime.
It doesn't listen to Anything you when you ask any commands, it always says "I'm sorry i don't know how to help with that". Even when I ask it to "stop music" or say "turn" off it does Not listen & will continue to play until You turn it off. Sorry "Alexa" but Google is WAY ahead of you!!
Every time I try to enter my credentials, the app restarts. It is unusable
Android users: If the app doesn't work, I found a help guide - go to Settings &gt; Apps & Notifications &gt; Amazon Alexa &gt; Storage &gt; Clear Data (and I also did Clear Cache). I then force quit the app and restarted, it finally opened.
The app just sucks! Its showing japanese letters? Also saying my echo is not connected to the wifi all though im using it...Please fix this!
The app is forcing me to set up calling. That matches Alexa who is constantly waking up to tell us to set up calling when we haven't said anything to her
It keeps freezing on the log in screen for both me and my brother and then it resets itself and we have to type the details in. Fix this please
It does not allow to sign in anymore. The worst app I have ever tried to use. Looks like it wants to copy all phone contest.
It's an OK app... Slow and clunky... Nothing to do with Alexa, just the actual app.
It should have an option to search songs by typing in the app. Alexa mostly don't understand and bring the songs that I ask for. Having a real bad experience with app and Alexa.
Wouldn't open, caused my screen to go black and left phone unusable
Don't change your WiFi password! I've tried resetting, connecting WiFi direct, everything, it won't allow you to do it, so NEVER CHANGE YOUR ROUTER EITHER! Update. Just changed my router, finding it impossible to move alexa to it. Will keep trying.
Works fine with my nvidia shield tablet, but does not work at all with my Samsung galaxy s8 I log in and it gets stuck on a white screen I've uninstalled and installed 3 times and nothing fixes it.
For a major player like Amazon this is a bug ridden embarrassment. Total junk.
It was slow. Now it crashes every time I try to enter the stupid verification code. The app is the worst part about using Alexa.
I can't get past the continue button after it's set up. I don't know if it's my echo, the app or my cell. So frustrating
It does nothing, do we have to connect real Alexa to this app?
Crashes everytime u try to get verified. Total garbage
Need an in-app equalizer for the Echo 2. The audio quality of the Echo is amazing when I'm streaming songs on Bluetooth cause my device equalizer is set well. However it will be nice if we could control Echo's sound quality with an equalizer.
It's a very complicated app I hate it. I gotta to download stuff before u can ask it to do anything
Its was working great for a long time then it wouldn't pair up with my phone so I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and now hi can't even sign in because it freezes up
It doesn't let me make a Amazon acount and it doesn't let me. type good and it will keep signing off hate thi2
Extremely slow app, many bugs needed to be fixed but I think nobody cares, they already sold Alexa, right?
Fails to connect constantly way too much work to deal with
Couldn't even get past the login it would hang and stall. Uninstalled and reinstalled twice restarted phone to no avail. Uninstalled permanently
Keeps crashing right away. I can only get as far as the sign in before it restarts and it's asking me to sign in again.
It did no work what so ever it kept having me put my email in over and over therefor it was horrible
Supposed to have voice features but after 45m with customer service they couldn't help make it work.
This app was working awesome until 14 February 2018 update arrived it becomes unstable like the visual effects on player and queue list wont work anymore until i get in one's in settings option after that it will start again thats why i revert back to version 13 February 2018 hope they will fix this issue soon so i can use the latest version of this app.
Works but I would love to be able to use Alexa on the long press of home button just like Google Assistant works.
Since the 13th of March can no longer log in freezers and goes back to login page please sort
Crashy - can't even login to try it out. If it's not supposed to be compatible with the Moto Z2 Play, it shouldn't even install.
Need help. Alexa will. Not grant me kid permission just keeps sending me to the same page over and over
Within the first few minutes of uding this app it has crashed more timed than I can count
Takes forever to open and load. Shopping lists are hard to edit. A real pain and waste of my time!
It makes no sense that it takes 3 to 5 minutes to enter the time to set reminders... it's so glitchy!
Pathetic app. Keeps hanging immediately after login!
Another Multi National rapes you of your personal information but doesn't deliver on quality or service
Very bad experience. Not working in my Android device. It's a Marshmallow. Waste of time. Doesn't pick up voice commands.
Can't install into my new p20. Error code 505 and everything I've tried does not work.
I couldnt even create an account!! The app kept crashing and freezing and i couldnt fix it no matter what i tried! Terrible
Stinks, horrible performance & won't connect 9 out of 10 times. Going to smash it & get Google mini.
Love my Alexa device when it works. Lately it won't connect to my firetv and it drives me crazy when I can't find the remote and I ask Alexa to pause it and it just ignores me. Like I said, great product when it works
It just keeps crashing can even login!
When I try to sign in it goes off and then back on
This app keeps getting better but still runs slow when accessing some menus. I also wish it offered widgets for the shopping list or shortcuts.
Well all of a sudden the ap won't install or update on my phone. Error code 505
Doesn't get past the login screen my Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo without crashing.
It is not compatible with many devices and too busy trying to compete and forgetting what customers want.
Login screen is broken. App, and therefore the echo is useless.
It cant connect to any devices of use, no hubs or anything, thanks amazon for the waste of 180.00
So buggy ! Can't even write a review properly, "Submit review" is not getting highlighted, so irritating
It's kind of a clunky app. I really do not like the volume control on the app for my echo's.
Amazon, post change logs. Its not hard. ** Update, this is the kind of app you get when you out source it to another country that doesn't care about the company and just a paycheck.
On LG K350 just freezes during login attempts and eventually loops back to login screen
I am unable to see the option "Your Voice" under settings, to add voice profiles
Frustrating that most of the time the app won't open. I'm constantly uninstalling and reinstalling. Plz fix it.
Everytime i go to sign up it restarts or freezes. And wont let me type anything.
Worst app ever. Can't even sign in without it freezing.
Ever since I upgraded my phone to an s9 the app does not work at all. Just sits and loads. Please fix I love my dot and want to be able to continue to use it.
Doesn't work with two factor authentication... app just crashes back to login screen.
It will not work on my galaxy s8+. I have tried everything.
Its Amazon's Amazing AI example. Using it for Music l Reminders l Kids Learning l Entertainment l Other General Knowledge l Sports l Meditation l Religious Music & Smart Home System by Pert Home Automation. Overall Its a great experience
In the lists, it would be nice to have the option to move an item from one list to another. Otherwise, I love the lists!
The 3 dots are just floating on screen from past half an hour. IRRITATING
Bad app not able to setup echo dot
Why doesn't the UK have the same features as the US like follow up and SMS messaging ?
Not being able to add play music to routines is a pretty big downside
When I open the app and I put my email then it just white screen please reply......
My app keeps lag locking when I press settings app don't understand why
The echo dot connects to my phone but then won't connect to the internet have rung Amazon to see what the problem might be and they can't help waste of money the echo dot
The Alexa Moto Mod isn't even compatible with the app, very displeased.
Is sitting there wanting to update but just fails to do so
The "Provide More Feedback" option for submitting comments on incorrect Alexa responses is not working. (I have a Samsumg 8+).
There is a need for quick widget shortcuts to lists. I have to go through several screens to get to my specific list. It would be great to have a shortcut button/widget to get there.
Rubbish quality, stops as soon as you try logging in
it's not customizable in many situations and echo doesn't understand Indian accent well
Well I couldn't log in as it froze alot also it just didn't work but it could work but I'll try to get it to work
Latest update a disaster on Huawei P20 pro, will not install.
Very lag-y software... Takes a lot of time using the mobile app.
JUST LIKE ALEXA IRL OML THANK YOU GUYS SOOO MUCH I SAID GIMME SKINS IN FORTNITE AND IT WHAT ACCOUNT IS IT? AND I GOT THE SKELETON
Can't get through the log in. Stops working and restarts the app.
This app has failed multiple times no where to put the code
Crashes. I cannot even log into my Amazon account.
Alexa won't play my music from Pandora when asked or using app with newest updates.
A shockingly poor app and interface considering the technology and resources that went into the development of Alexa. A very poor effort Amazon!!!!
Stops working all the time seems very unstable
Terrible not every one has a Amazon account
App crashes on startup, reinstalled multiple times and it still happens
Stop trying to make me configure the stupid calling functions.
Over all not bad. But it would be 5 starts if it worked with Deezer... Please fix this!!
App will not work it just continues to try and load.
Doesn't work on my Lenovo android tab can't even log in
Displays blank white screen on Gslaxy S6, nothing works
Appalling. Won't accept voice commands.despite several rounds of voice training
Really worst app, crushing on login, now the Echo it's useless.
Won't connect during setup. Never ending yellow spinning light. Powered off, no go.
Works okay. Cannot setup Google Play Music unfortunately and the Amazon music app doesn't always work. It's not finding my music. Needs a little updating
I am buy another echo speaker the app is alexa not connected i am buy the product in Flipkart my echo speaker is connected the app Amazon Alexa give the answer
Rubbish app!! Can't even open it now!! Uninstalled it can't even sign in. Now
Worse app ever, impossible to manage your contacts .
it cannot undestand commands n it works erratically. it cannot play old hindi, english and telugu songs and it cannot understand the names of old telugu, english n hindi movies and it needs to be improved lakhs of times.
Didn't work at all, blank screen after logging in
I have done everthing and it wont download. Very disappointing.
So slugish it kept crashing everytime I sighed in.
The app is great, so if your cooking and your hands are grubby just say hey Alexa what's the next step for making sushi?
Froze crashed didn't sign in or create new account
Please make Alexa compatible with iota / reos lite (smart led bulb) in India
b"Can't create account , freezes . Uninstalled . Ridiculous You would offer this with bugs JUST TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT !!????"
Alexa skills menu item takes forever to load. Not expected such shi work from Amazon
This app is b******* it doesn't work it freezes all the f****** time can't get it to work developers need to do a better job and trying to get this s*** together piece
Glitchy not android friendly makes alexa second rate
This app sucks it won't let me sign in or anything I would not tell anyone to download this app
Worked fine but now when I video call from my cell phone i can't hear the person on the other line . They hear me just fine.
Hi great app but on my phone I have android Oreo and the allow to send SMS button isn't there, please fix
I love my news, spotify, weather, drop ins, phone calls, jokes, they are always adding no. Patience is a thing, good things are coming.
The app is okay but I can't add a household profile to the account all it does is keep loading and loading and loading. Please fix!
Will you guys make Alexa widget for the home screen. Would like to ask her without opening the app every time
Spotify on multiroom doesn't work all the time...
I tried this app several times on several different devices would not do anything all it would do was freeze up my f****** devices
Added music to routines in US but not in the UK. Would have a higher rating if it had done.
b"Why the what's new section is never updated when we get updates. ??"
I said hi and it a for recipe for chicken with egg
crashes every time i enter my username
Yet another terrible buggy app from Amazon
It takes 4 seconds for me to open the settings page. 4 whole seconds. And I'm on company WiFi. Fix your app Amazon
Alexa's skills rarely work. Pretty much can tell the time and play music if you are very precise in what you ask
Love it. Just talk and your tssk appears on the to do list. Easy peasy.
Would rate higher if it works all I get is the 3 dot load screen and it stay on that nothing more.
This app incoherent. Unable to connect
All I have is a blank screen
Could not log in with my account, it kept going back to the log in page whenever I wanted to enter the code sent to my email account or to my phone
Echo and alexa best thing since sliced bread
Its amazing my brother uses to prank me by turning on songs while I'm sleeping. Its amazing
Its a nice way to have all your devices under one controller but the music streaming isint very good
Rubbish can't even log on
Locked up on LG 22C Power
Never would come up was too slow and I have an s7 edge
Why it is not connected with mobile hotspot
This app has a virus you can't even sign into it.
Excellent product, so much so that I have now paying for the subscription to many services to enhance my experience.
Sucks! Waste of time and money
Alexa app does not work on my Samsung nook anymore.I would give it 0%.
Voice ordering is available for Prime members. Okay Amazon I guess I just won't order what I was going to.
Still a few bugs to work out, but not bad.
The UK app is 6 months or more behind the US one.
Wish we could add reminders & set alarm through the app pressing the Alexa button!
Can't get the app to work
How do I connect to another speaker so when i ask it to play music it will play it through the music
I already have an echo. So why you don't want to let me get in
Just brought Amazon echo and can't use because app not working on phone and tablet
Alexa is the best thing since sliced bread!
Why there is no option to control Amazon Fire TV with Alexa devices in India?
cannot connect after 50 tries on multiple occasions
Does not let you log in therefore can't use alexa
This app is not working lrolerly in TECHO CAMON I why
This is not working properly
Love the love Alexa but it will be better if you can connect Alexa thru the hotspot from your phone
Still can't voice call from an echo spot to another device without a screen
Tried to setup new echo spot. Was not even an option. Please help
It's heavy app. 90mb.
It's very good app and the alexa device is amazing but it would be nice if it would work with soundcloud
Still unable to install on my Huawei P9 Smart...
App keeps crashing when singing in
To complicated to install features
I can't register for an account, it crashes everytime
Amazing programming. Restarts continually at the login screen.
Dont open or work at all
Please add an Alexa widget so we can quickly activate via a home screen button
Love the features A little in easy to navigate... Wish they had widgets for smart home and other features
Hardly ever does what I ask and often turn itself off while performing a task!!
I love amazon alexa but it would be better if it supported google play music.
This app COULD be great but right now it SUCKS
Samsung 9+ text doesn't display right. App was fantastic on my note 4.
Comically unresponsive GUI.
I can't even log in to my Amazon account with this app
I like it a lot. Hands free tool. Works out good. Just like tell in someone what to do for you.
This app has improved so much! Can't wait to see what else is in store
I love Alexa but the app is too unresponsive
Can not use app on new samsung s9
Needed to restart phone to get Alexa app to install
I have to update Google chrome like EFF
Can't handle location that doesn't use daylight savings time.
Blank app. Not loading at all on my Galaxy s8plus.
App is buggy. Please fix since it's needed to run Echo.
Can't even sign in to my account.
Cannot play new Spotify playlists
This device is ok for curiosity...But it's not very useful.
Icons missing and can't adjust the light percent
I can't even use this app, please fix
Can not log in on android phone
I love my Alexa. The longer I have her the more ways I learn to use her.
Buggy. Can be frustrating.
So far, so good. I wish it would update with "brief mode", though.
We rely on Alexa every day... love how easy it is to set up and use!
Alexa app is on and poppin. I'm very glad I installed it. Need to learn more about app
I think it's awesome i just got it too though but as of now... I love it!!
Won't open on android 6
Won't install on Hauwei P20 Pro.
I WANT TO START WITH MY OWN MOBILE WIFI HOTSPOT
Can't connect to echo show
Can't even log in it crashes
Th3 loading took an hour
No follow up mode
Please make it an assistant on android
Make it like Google assistant
Sign up issue
SHE KNOW NOTHING
Keeps locking up
Alexa is still dumb
Doesnt work
Not good with mobile
Impossible to sign in.
I don't like it
The detailed feedback option wouldn't open anything.
Needs update for reminders
Works better now.
Can't even set up an account keeps freezing
Would be way better if you could use with youtube...
Good but sometimes does not work well
I love my Alexa. Plays wherever I go
Good app but needs more control for alexa
Cant open it
It's the future
I love the app so much i think the best app
It does require to many informations to work.
It's awesoms
First time useing it's a easy app to use
b'I love my Alexa Show!??'
Alexa is a champ. I adore her songs.
It's like our good friend
Daughter gave me hers it nice
google assistance is better then this app
Alex is fab
Keeps crsshing
Not sure
Thank you
Alexa app
I love my Alexa!!
I hate it
Useless app
Garbage app
Was annoying
Love this app and the games that come with it
I love alexa and this app
Love it so far!
Can't open,crash,is it tested?!!
It's an amazing app.
Awesome App and device.
It is an awesome app .
It is a awesome app.
b'Bad ??'
Really good!
Loving Amazon Alexa
Love Alexa a lot
Google assistant is better
Very fine aap
Very useful
Love my alexa
Like it
Spot on
Oooooo
Just brilliant.
Meh
Canned
It's interesting...
Could be better...
Awesome!
Stink
Yuck
I love it
I love it
Its great
Amazing app
enjoying Alecia
Nice app
Its awesome
It is Awesome
It is the best
Great help
Bad
Rubbish
Perfect ...
Good
Greatest
it is helpful
Good
Love
Great
Cool
Besides setting up my Echo devices, this app continues to be useful for so many reasons: music, alarms, lists, shopping, calling, texting, etc. The interface is easy to use and it's never been buggy. I love the new update and being able to have Alexa assist me wherever I go. Now I can get my flash briefing during my morning commute.
My dot starts talking at random when no one says anything, i try to do the feedback thing but it only let me do it once, and now it won't let me submit feedback. I give it 2 stars. This thing is creepy and i wish i could return it but it was a gift so that would be rude.
I was really excited when i received my amazon echo, but i cant even conmect the speaker to my phone. Once i log into the app, ut just stays on a blank screen not letting me do anything.
it's a decent app but it has small issues that can be frustrating. some of these include, the alarms section of the app freezes after setting 1 alarm and only sometimes allows you to set another. also in the music section with Amazon music, when you click on a certain band to play, it will often play 1 song by them and then change to a completely different band. other than that it's ok but not really used after set-up.
Recently when I check the app at bedtime to see what alarms are set it brings me to a bon-dismissible screen asking if it's really me. Not cool. It takes 4 or 5 restarts just to see my own alarm info.
Don't rely on it to tell you the correct time an event starts in Arizona on the day clocks spring forward or back. Missing some, what I thought would be, obvious commands. Much better though from day one with the device.
b'Great app to control all my gadgets and love the voice calling. For 5 stars, please make a widget especially for smart home devices to allow me to turn on/off without having to open the whole app. Thanks and keep up the good work ??????'
It's not enough to simply disable it. I want to bd able to completely uninstall this useless spyware/bloatware annoying voiced robot thing from Kindle.
Stuck on white screen after login. Reinstall, clear cache and data no effect.
The only issue I have is I cannot pair devices to play at the same time. Which to me is a big issue and is one of the reasons I bought Alexa devices. I have tried all the troubleshooting tips that Amazon suggests to no avail.
Serious lagging, wouldn't let me log in and kept freezing and crashing and making me restart over only for it to keep happening.
Got the update, but already had all that with the previous update, where's tge Follow Up addition some have where you can ask Alexa a second question follow up without saying Alexa. No Widget
App is forcing me to complete personal info for Alexa texting and calling purposes, which I don't use. I have to keep force-closing it in order to exit the app.
App will not load. My internet is great, I have reinstalled this several times. It just sits on a loading screen whenever I open it.
I got amazon echo plus and i love it. The only issue is that it doesnt recognize some of the commands though
It keeps crashing each time I sign in or try to. It will restart the app and proceed to have me sign in AGAIN
Doesn't open on Android 8. Installed and waited for over 1 hr. Stuck on 1st screen.
Doesn't even f*****g work...cuts out before I even finish typing in my details everytime...very poor.
Love my Echo Plus! Setting up the device using the Alexa app is mostly straightforward. However, this app has already frozen twice in the 2 days I've used it. The potential is there, but it could use some love.
Alexa app not a patch on Amazon music app, cannot search easily, really have to know or checked on Amazon before you ask for any prime music then it's hit or miss if Alexa can find it.
The damned thing keeps crashing when I try to sign in.
Just keeps telling me it's lost connection. Pretty useless.
Slooooow heavy application for what it does. Not intuitive or user friendly. It is time to spend some time and effort to enhance this app.
Not polished app. Very slow response and navigation. hate the design.
Alexa won't connect to wifi correctly in setup mode
Device is good, but bluetooth does not connect for calls made from the phone. All kinds of Music and videos work perfectly. Kids definitely love it. It's really fast and understands better.
The update has greatly improved the Alexa UI. It now runs great, looks fantastic and is more useful. I have been using the app much more lately.
Great app but still needs a home screen widget to interact with alexa without having to use the app then it'll be a 5*
I used to love this app to drop in on the kids at home from my phone, but it's now acting up and I can see them but cannot hear them. It's not the Echo device as when we drop in between devices in the house it's perfectly fine. Please fix. This is THE REASON I invested in these devices from Amazon... to drop in on the kids when they get home from school, make sure they're home, doing homework, etc. I want to see and talk to them again via the app. (Note: cleared cache, reinstalled app... your turn for the fix, Amazon, and my rating is 5 stars). We use the app to control Philips Hue bulbs in 8 lamps in 5 rooms, 1 TP-LINK smart switch outlet; our family grocery shopping list (which the kids love adding to themselves); daily recurring reminders set on devices for the kids to take out the dog, recharge school chromebooks, etc.; family calendar set up to sync via a family Gmail account we cc for all Dr appts and kid stuff; echo dot in kids room hooked up to old subwoofer + desk speakers and set so kids can wake up to their favorite music in the morning; before bed we have them set a timer so they know when it's "lights out" and no more reading; we have an echo device in their game room where their xbox is set up and house rules are that they set the timer for 1 hour when they walk in the room (we don't allow hours on video games + allows brothers to easily take turns by checking timer status); I wake up to NPR in the morning for my alarm; we have a dot in the bathroom and devices linked for their room, game room and bathroom so they can play their favorite music while getting ready for school in the morning; my favorite thing: no more yelling up- and downstairs... we just drop in between devices on the two floors to let kids know dinner is ready, etc. We've used them during homework also (I need a quick refresher about what an obtuse angle is vs. an acute angle).
Downloaded it... entered info - nothing happened. Worthless
My name is Matthew yet the app spells it as "Mathhew" for some reason... Very annoying
I think it's very good but it would be nice if they could add more radios
App doesnt work. Blank screen
It wont let me make an account it keep freezing and making me start over
Garbage. Can't login at all. Crashes over and over.
Opened it just got three dots, doesn't seem to work.
I love this app. It makes setting up Alexa so easy. Amazon Alexa is the best gadget I have ever boght. Would not be without it now.
Needs an Alexa button widget instead of having to open the app
b"Sucks doesn't work for ??"
Doesn't work, can't even get past I'd/password freezes and restarts
Slow and painful. No widget.
Why echo spot is not available in this app?
Can't get app to change zip code.
I can't get into app screen always black
Please add music control in routines! Also alarm with music.
Just got my Eco
Won't connect to Wi-Fi now.
ALEXA TO THE RESCUE!!
Wy is elexa laughing
Cannot down load
The app seems to be quicker than previous versions, keep it up
Love her!! Thankfully no creepy laugh. Fingers crossed lol
Google home is better because it can cast chrome cast devices
I wanted to enable the sms on my profile but my profile is blank
Alexa SUCKS ...... GOOGLE ASSISTANT ROCKS !!!
It is very useful.
Seems very handy
Love everything about Alexa
No
Horrible
I really love both our Echo Plus and the 2 dots we purchased, and the Alexa app was a big help in navigating what we can all do. I loved to hr able to play and control music in my son's room and being able to adjust the volume and see what was playing on the app, however that had stopped working recently! Everything else on the app seems to function normally, but the little sound bars that jumped around to tell you something is playing have stopped, like it's not syncing up. Overall I'm very happy with our purchase, buy I loved this feature and I hope it gets debugged soon!
Still can't control Fire TV like America can, it can't be that hard come on. Can't control fire tv like US can. Not fair the Americans get all the good features. Bring this to the uk please. I got a fire but want to get 3 more for my other tvs in the house to control with my echos but I won't get more until this option is available. Please bring it here. Plus allow us to to replace Google assistant with Alexa in Android.
Why did you take away the history of what songs were listened to in the app? It was there yesterday before the app updated. It now says to ask Alexa. I looked back at that when I was not home near Alexa, now I can't do that. Went to show a friend and it says it is not supported, ask Alexa, hard to do when you are not near it. Newest issue, when I go to music, TuneIn in the app, it shows I'm in a different city and state and Alexa can't find a station I have listened to since I got the Dot.
It's ok, works alot better now that i've changed settings to u.s. english rather than u.k. many more functions i.e. tunein radio now works. They were supposed to make both versions consistent so maybe they've done that now. The app is a bit clunky and takes a little time to figure it out. Not intuitive at 1st glance
Unable to delete devices from the app so I have about 5 duplicate hue bulbs in this thing. Voice commands are stupid at best. I have bedroom fan light as a group and only that. If I'm waking up in the morning and say bedroom fan lights the system is too stupid to know that there is no device called lightS and to just go with light. This is the difference between AI and simply a trigger word which is what Amazon uses. There's no intelligence behind the system.
Has anyone else had problems with a "certificate error" upon opening the app? Google couldn't help me and Amazon isn't responding to my emails. Can anyone suggest a fix to this? I have repeatedly uninstalled and reinstalled both Alexa and WebView many times. Please help!!!
So slow. I cleared everything off my phone, killed all other apps, and I can't update settings for any of my devices. I'm using a Galaxy. It shouldn't be this hard. Just terrible. The echo device is fine except when she tells me to use the app. Which is a lot more frequently than I would expect.
The instructions do not match the menu. It is so frustrating. So promising and so useless. I bought it to control my AV system, to listen to music etc the system stated that stated it is Alexa compatible. Yes it is, it can turn it on and off. Useless!
This app is helpful when setting up the Alexa, but I keep trying to ask her about hours on local businesses and she tells me to put in my postal code and all that I keep trying and it doesent work. Is there something I'm doing wrong? Also I wanted to make it so alexa plays my spotify playlist in my routine and there is no option to add that.
Please fix. I tryed to get on it. It just went all white. I waited about 15 minutes but it still did not pop up. I waited a little while longer and then the app just shut down and I went back to my home screen. I will rate it 5 stars if you will fix it.please.
Useless! Connection issues and set up doesn't work. Slow and poorly designed app. Once set up the Echo is mostly a paper weight. It barely does anything and is about 10 years behind competitors. Music does not censor: call the FCC! It doesn't recognize my name. It only responds correctly a fraction of the time. No support available. Waste of money!
Garbage app. Spent an hour failing to link a second app, the instructions online for which were outdated to the point where they lead to nothing. No Google Play Music integration, and a clean UI that is plagued by long loading times and an overall lack of functionality.
Great app I use it with my Echo Show. Issue I have is when calling using Alexa app to my Show I must wear headphones. Whatever permissions reinstalls I do sound comes through mobile earpiece not loudspeaker, makes a video call without headphones impossible.
Better with the latest update but still so many things wrong with it! A simple example : every Alexa call generates a card. You can use the card to play music for example. But the cards are scattered so good luck finding it. So let's clean it up... You would have thought swipe to dismiss is the obvious way to get rid of them but no! Why do it the easy way? The app needs total redesign and the AI needs augmenting quickly because Google Home will kill this very quickly!
There is starting to be a lot of competition in the smart speaker market. I hope echo and the alexa program evolves quickly to meet market demands. I currently use it mainly for music which is hit or miss. Controlling my lights is also a handy feature
App is extremely slow. It looks like it's just a wrapper for the web app. Doing anything on the app takes ages because it loads everything after each and every single action.
The Echo is great, but the app is glitchy up. For instance, each time I try to put in my address, I can only type a couple characters, and then it goes back to the previous screen. Very annoying.
I bought a smart device, an Emerson thermostat, to work with Alexa. It did at first but now it won't work at all. I can ask Alexa what the temperature is and she can see that but when I ask her to adjust the temp, she says she can't see it. The Sensi app works great and runs controls just fine. I've tried on several occasions to get help from Amazon but on this one thing they completely fail. I've written and never get an answer. Very disappointed.
Confused! Alexa says I have to go to the conversions tab to make a call but I can't find it, so asked Alexa where it is and she said she didn't know! Brilliant! Maybe Google isn't so bad after all.
Worst app on my phone. Very slow to open, frequently crashes, seems to require me to sign in on a weekly basis at present, really let's down the Amazon ecosystem. The shopping list would be really useful if the Android app worked reliably
Alexa app for Android blows!! When playing music from Alexa app..it always freezes and you can not pause or control volume. However all the other features still work but you can't change music..sucks. Go with Google
App was working fine until I tried to open it today. I now see on the site that there was an update. App keeps telling me there is no network available yet I'm on my own Wi-Fi in my home. This is very fustrating.
Just a really badly designed app. For example you can only call people who have Alexa but to see who has Alexa as well, you have to scroll your entire address book. The product team working on this app aren't doing a great job.
Phone is connected to both Wi-Fi and cellular netowrk and the app says "no network available" and then crashes. No clue why. Perhaps the last update broke something.
Need the ability to add skill commands into routines. I want to say Alexa, goodnight, and have it turn off the lights (which it does) and play white noise. Also, I should be able to set different volumes for Alexa, skills, and music.
Disappointed in limitations I trialed app before buying any Alexa products & it cannot even give me my local weather, despite inputting my address in settings & giving it full access on my phone. After a couple other things trialed, it's an entertaining product but not ready for use yet.
Was all good until control of music via the phone was taken away. Would be nice to be able to turn off baby's lullaby without speaking to Alexa. Stupid.
Instead of new features, I would love to see the bugs worked out. Half the time it "can't connect to Alexa app," when I'm at the grocery store trying to load the shopping list it takes five minutes to load. Great concept, but poor execution.
Amazon consistently releases the worst apps imaginable and this is no different. Hot on the heels of their bafflingly unfriendly and counterintuitive Amazon Music and Amazon Video apps is this egregiously necessary companion to the Echo suite. Either intentionally designed to be frustratingly obtuse, or (more disturbingly, considering the resources Amazon has at their disposal) unintentionally so, the Amazon Alexa app is 90% wasted space and 10% required functionality to connect my Echoes to WiFi. Every time I open this app, I gird my loins for the inevitable knee to the groin that will follow. I won't say you should change smart home ecosystems based on this app, but I will say that Amazon knows their money is in devices and services and doesn't seem to care how awful you experience the software they deem necessary for those devices and services.
Installed to connect echo dot but when following instructions it knocks the wife off and you cant reconnect and carry on without having trouble then sat in limbo. Frustrating is not the word
It's not the best on android Huawei p9. Very clunky; takes a number of taps in a certain place access modes of function (setting reminders/times/alarms). The basics are there, but massive room for improvement
Installed the latest update and now all my smart devices are gone and the device discovery is failing consistently. So in effect all of the echo are pretty much useless. Aaaarrrg! Fix it Bezos!
This app was a 3.5 out of 5 until recently. I've always found it frustrating that there isn't a search bar within Amazon Music unlimited to find the specific track or artist I want quickly and then the last day or so the app has been 'sticky' to say the least. This morning it just plain crashed. Won't log in properly and when it does it crashes again. Seriously, Amazon are going to have to keep up with the competition and make this a seamless experience with a friendlier user interface if they want to keep the success of these devices. Love my Alexa but the support app needs significant development.
Compared to google, Alexa is pathetic. Biased to Amazon content. I use a fire tablet and each time I use Alexa i shake my head. I may disable Alexa since it really isn't worth the space or cup cycles.
This app would very good if it could control Amazon firestick, like for example tell echo to change channel volume etc. Would Amazon make these changes?
You blocked out locations in Canada. It now thinks I live in the USA and my Canadian content doesn't work. Well done.
I've been updating, uninstalling and reinstalling this app and haven't been able to get past the loading screen when the app first starts up. Please Fix it.
Alexa app has been helpful EXCEPT when my Wi-Fi cut out and my echo was disconnected, all of my many reminders in the app disappeared. I have no idea what they were and some were very important.
b"Got 4 echo and 4 firesticks they still don't control tv but in America they do!! C'mon Amazon whats happening? We buy all your stuff and you don't give us the software!!!!!!!! Update: it now works ??"
The 3 blinking dots won't go away. What's the point of having an alexa product if the app doesn't work properly.
Unfortunately, it keeps disconnecting from the Wi-Fi, and I have to reconfigure it every day. I gave up after a few days of hassle!
Tried this app on 5 different android 7 devices and it will not run on any. Well done Amazon for introducing yet another Alexa product that only partially works.
A great start, a work in progress but massive potential. I find the app very reliable, if a bit slow occasionally.
This is a terrible app, it refuses to load even though ive had it loading for well over half an hour and when it finally does load it doesn't connect.
The update notes say that the "Talk to Alexa" button should be on the app. But it's not. The app does not enable the Alexa button on the app like it says it does in the US. Amazon customer care is clueless about this too. Didn't expect this from Amazon.
b"This app will not work with my Note 8. Install but nothing appears on the app screen so I can't sink phone to Alexa,??"
Really buggy and slow. Needs a lot of work.
Much better than most voice recognition programs but still many problems. Fun and does minimal things, most times.
Not very useful in Australia at the moment but they are adding new skills every day. Voice purchasing might come with Prime hopefully.
Alexa needs to be able to control cable/sat/tv to be cool. How about "Alexa turn tv to 330. Or Alexa turn tv on". Also "Alexa set light light to turn off in 10" It needs to integrate timers with simple function like above. to turn light off in 10 minutes
b"It won't stop loading. I can't even get Alexa to connect to the internet bc I can't open the app. FIX IT!??"
THIS APP IS AMAZING EVEN IF U DON'T HAVE AN ALEXA IT IS STILL AMAZING AS U CAN KEEP IN TOUCH WITH THOSE WHO DO FREE OF CHARGE I AM AN ALEXA/AMAZON ECHO USER AND I LOVE IT
I love the update to press the Alexa button and say a command. There should be a widget/shortcut so I can put the Alexa button on my home screen!
The now playing tab no longer shows what's playing. Amazon support is useless, I wasted an hour with him telling me to recycle my router and reboot my phone and reinstall the app, nothing worked of course
When Alexa doesn't hear me correctly and I want to help give Amazon feedback to improve her, I can never find the card to do that. The music feature doesn't allow you to search for your artist, you have to scroll and scroll and scroll till you find them. That is really sad that you can't simply type in what you are looking for and bam!
I had to uninstall /reinstall the app before the FireTV showed up in the list...at least it works now but I wonder how many frustrated people there are out there, that can't get Alex to control their FireTV because of this?
Music page doesn't update when u tell a device to play music. Playing music on one device and saying"next" goes back to playing music everywhere. Apps says it been playing a 5 minute song for 50 mins. Also just randomly stops playing without action, should be able to play 24/7.
This app works fine though nearly all the functions only work in the USA according to Amazon. I want to link my account and other functions but was told this is only for the USA. Nice to know Europe is keeping up. It is possible to echo is a nice radio
Doesn't connect with Wi-Fi despite strong signal and other apps able to use Wi-Fi. Also take too long to work as opposed Google.
I bought 5 devices, so we could have multi room music. Although its advertised everywhere it is not in the app and cannot be invoked! Buyer beware!!! I have spent nearly 800 euros on a system that doesnt work!
Why can't I play my amazing music with Alexa? Makes no sense. Both same company, but I ask Alexa to play music I have on Amazon prime music app and she doesn't recognize the bands.
Would be nice if you could make a widget on Samsung so I can go directly to alexa at the push of a button. Then I could ask her instead of Google.
Can't log in; endlessly flashing black bar, graphics not loading. Really poorly designed app; I will try it again in another few years
It is connected to the internet but doesn't play stations from tunein from time to time. and Alexa is kind of stupid, doesn't know much...
Clunky and buggy playback control!! No real integration for Audible or Amazon Music apps.
I can't even get to run on Samsung S8 Active. Just three dots on the screen. Let it run for 20 minutes that way. Rebooted phone. Let it run for 20 more minutes. Nada. Brand new phone. Latest OS. Oh, well.
So the player and queue and history no longer work. I am set to the right Alexa but I can't pause or see the queue. Very disappointed.
Update stinks. Can't acces or link any music stations. Only option is tune in. Spotify and pandora gone. Will not allow defaults to change.
Cant take 2 commands at once. For example; Alexa, play Dangerous and increase the volume. Lot and lot to improve
I was having trouble getting Cortana to complete a location-based reminder that Google could do in a snap even though Cortana could do it fine on PC so I thought I'd try out another competing app and it turns out Alexa does not currently support reminders does not support reminders the simplest of things on this device in Android phone that is a high level of incompetence
Constantly have to force stop this app and restart it to get it to do anything on my Nexus 6 too hard to use
Why can't I use Alexa through my phone via this app? Seems like a wasted opportunity.
Alexa ecodot 2 is a trendy gadget but unfortunately it's always difficult to connect to the spotify account or maybe they just wanna promot amazon music ,that's why it takes forever to connect to sptotify.
Horrible app. Takes ages to connect. Sometimes doesn't connect at all. This app has rendered my echo device all but useless.
Only down side is I wish I could place phone calls.
My Alexa keeps shutting down...it's not my internet connection. I don't know what's wrong. Tried everything.
I it is very good although I wish amazon show and spot could search for photos on the Internet like "alexa show me a photo of bee" and it will show it to you and if it could use silk browser to search for studd
It's has unlinked my accounts and is no longer letting me use the spotify
So slow. Buttons that don't work. Really surprised how bad it is considering the publisher is Amazon.
WATCH OUT PEOPLE PLEASE!! Echo Dot was hacked and our families security has been threatened. The hackers used the Echo as a gateway into ALL of our devices!! AMAZON WILL NOT HELP, BUT DID EXTEND THEIR APOLOGIES AND TOLD US THATS A RISK WE TAKE WITH INTERNET AND TOLD US TO DISCONNECT THE ECHO. What happened to customer service!! The credit bureau gets hacked and we at least get 2 years of free identity protection and other benefits.
Why is there no widget to use the Alexa command??? Other than that, it works great for adding skills, setting up smart home devices. Get that widget for my home screen!
Didn't work at all. Installed it thrice but not getting the blue icon at the bottom.
It need more room for improve access finding itemizing and also connection was kinda difficult it confusing both phone and echo dot function I like Alex very entertaining
Laggy, poor search capabilities, just not that helpful
Can no longer search your music on the app. You can type the first letter of your search but no others after that. You can no longer access the player on the app to pause, play, loop or change volume. Everything has to be done by voice command.
This app is okay because I can talk to the Alexa when I want
Purchased 2 Amazon echo dot's both worked flawlessly and till the last update none of my philips hue lights work tried everything
I can't link pandora. Get to the "link account" page, 2 options: "create account" or "I already have pandora" - can't click on either. Linked my dish boxes, can't control either of them. I may send this dot back if all it can do is tell me the weather.
This app does nothing but say im unable
It just keeps spinning... Doesn't work.
I absolutely love Amazon Alexa. So awesome and everything is in one place!! Also really like how you can add features to your Amazon Echo.
Useless app. time waste. I have Los money and time
Harmony volume control on TV stopped working recently. Forced to change Alexa to English US instead of English Canada to get it working again.
App stop working won't let me log in
Buggy. App constantly out of sync with now playing.
bad always blank page, never connected
Sucks, app not synchronizing with Echo dot, just get blue wheel of death
I really like this app and think it's great, there is some improvements needed though or I would have have gave five stars.
Mostly no problems. However, when I click on check a timer it no longer takes me straight to the timer. Also, the play music section could be better.
b"I love it I don't have to manually set anything I just talk saves me Time answer my questions thank you ??"
It say there's an error when I try to hook up with my internet and I have great internet. I need help!
ITS A AMAZING PRODUCT BY AMAZON.I LOVE IT.IT CAN DO ANYTHING YOU WANT.SMART HOME BEST PRODUCT..THANK U AMAZON....
Very helpful, easy to check weather, control lighting and music. Love the call feature! We use our echo as our home phone that my child can easily use.
Won't even load on my phone. Cleared data. Uninstalled, reinstalled. All my other apps work fine just this one
Even finishing task, it should wait for accept thanks. it is a lesson for human respect.
Can I use the app on my Samsung Galaxy S5 to set up Conversations on my new Echo Dot?
Great app but latest version still not working with firestick in UK. Disappointing update.
My phone isn't loading the app. I have the pixel XL
Poorly designed interface, so so so sloooow
It is getting better all the time and I'm just trying to keep up and using more of the available tools.
WHOOP WHOOP THAT'S WHAT'S UP BING BING
Poor app. Not user friendly at all and is in consistent with commands, obtaining info etc
Come on bro. I just got my new dot and this app won't even load!!
straight up doesn't work
The Alexa app respond me n Japanese and there is no way to change it !
App won't start up all it does is stay on the loading screen with the 3 dots
Amazing app and works perfectly, can't understand what all the bad reviews are about.
This app has great potential. Would like it to always listen and have option to set as default assistant.
It won't download Sooooo ya I am holly and I am 5 years old
Please add control of FireTV in India version. Add more music services
Can't get it connected.
Won't load up on my new Huawei , tried every troubleshoot but still won't work
Dose not let me stream music or audible from my phone yet
Connection to my account for the update and for chorme setting drive and JavaScript and retrieve my s
Does nothing when I open it...
I love everything about this accept it is very unresponsive when turning on and off the alarms.
It just sits and thinks, none of the buttons respond, it does nothing.. good going Amazon!
When i put my phone number in it kept on sa6ing that it didn't exist -_-
Please add support for setting music sleep timer from within the app.
SUCKS CRASHED MY TABLET
It works on my tablet but not on my Samsung Galaxy phone.
It will not let my samsung play music
It works as it is, but it would honestly be nice to be able to organise your recent searches.
Can't find Echo Show and Echo Spot in the app for set up
Why can't we talk to Alexa without purchasing an echo device
App does not work with galaxy active
The calling feature has been introduced in India since today. Totally love it.
Learn my voice is still not available in English India. Please make it available asap.
Can't change language within app
Takes up my storage!
Thinks I'm in Seattle...im in Toronto..wont sign into Spotify..
Keeps mixing everything up. Only right when it comes to simple math :-(
When will heos skill be added in Australia? 5 stars for sure then
The nsa is trash
Nice to control all my lights by voice while lying in the bed.
Not working on my 7.1.2 Pixel
Like the trivia games.
Good and specific for control of AI based Amazon Echo device.
woo-hoo go for it
Alexa is my bestfriend
can not login
It helps me
Won't connect
Wake word customise ??? Why can't we name the " Alexa " what we want ????
I like listening to Pandora on my alexa
b"This is really an awesome product, and I'm loving it...????????????"
It's ok. Could be a lot better
I love it does everything for me
More Skills Required For Alexa
I like that
It works
Its amazing I love it!!
Getting better all the time.
Horrible UX
Useless app
Connection error
Good one very useful
Not cool
Best for music lovers.
Rubbish
We like alexa
I love it
Great technology
XD
Meh
It's awesome
Just awsome
Love Alexa
Good job
I love it
So good
Love it
goooooood
Excellent
great
Love the mod for my force z, couple things. it could and should be used to make calls an send MSG's,has a skill in prod but costs money. With apples sirus it should just work the same. Also a microphone equaliser to better recognize speech to the Alexa and or amped Alexa self recognition. Also it randomly has its own intelligence an does... THINGS.. you must own one to know what I'm saying. Keeping that in mind I REALLY love it.
SUPER CONFUSING App, it calls for redesign, I never know where I am and what to do is Alexa on my phone or somewhere else, never know Also you can not upload anymore your own songs, Alexa is useless now! If you could play songs from my phone at least via Dot device but that does not work either. I do not know what to do with this device w/o ability to play your own songs.
I really love my Alexa. One problem though is I can't find a way to update the app. The description and the pictures show 5 buttons at the bottom, but the app for me only has 3. It might be because I reside in Canada. One idea is to make the same features available in the United States available everywhere.
Sadly, very slow and janky, even on a Nexus 6p. For example, when I use this app for funding radio stations or podcasts when Alexa on my Echo Dots cannot find them (even though you can find the requested episodes by searching TuneIn). As the search is a predictive search, it behaves erratic when searching, often yielding incorrect results and requiring multiple attempts. Not smart. Other instances if lag and slowdowns exist. Needs further speed improvements before I could recommend to friends or family.
For some reason when i open this app to update the alarm it always asks me to set up a feature to talk to another echo and theres no way to exit or bypass... even when i close the app and reopen it will ask again. Im not interested in talking to someone else that has a dot and if i did let me look for it. Also way cant i disable my echo to my phone feature. I would be talking randomly (not to echo) or listen to the tv and echo will say "calling blah" there should be a diable option for features in the app.
The Alexa devices are great. Able to play music thruout home using setup of group. Very cool. Friends for dinner went home and bought an Echo. One device at a time until comfortable speaking to an inanimate person, Alexa. Saying thank you n such! Hahaha!
Very slow app, it takes ages to respond. When ever you are trying with different wi-fi connection it's horrible to get deducted, sometime we need to relaunch the app xouple of times to configure new wi-fi. No option of adding own playlist and own songs.
Great app. Though, I tried to create a "Goodnight" routine for my Phillips Hue bulbs. Didn't work and process was wonky. To dim, do I "turn off" or "turn on" bulbs to 1% brightness? I don't know...Didn't make sense to me. Anyway, it wouldn't dim the bulbs properly. But I'm enjoying this echo dot device/app.
If you have unlimited music through amazon it's great except you have no way to search the music. So every artist ever in one list, so as you can imagine it is crazy slow and you will never see the artists that start with a Z. Only real con to the app.
This app is useless. I have to talk to it now? F' that. I used to be able to turn music on and off of Alexa but it looks like you've removed that.. you want me to let you listen on my phone?? Oh, hell no..
SLOOOOW. SO SLOW. Takes waaay too long to load.. Sometimes it doesn't even load at at. It's also really slow to navigate. Please make this app faster and more stable. Also, I find it really lame and ridiculous that I have to use your mega slow app just to pause a timer. I should be able to command Alexa to do it. Seriously, that should be basic.
I would give more stars if Alexa operated on ecobee3 just as well as it does with other Alexa devices. Ecobee3 is so limited for Alexa functions I dissatisfied. Amazon shouldnt market Alexa for ecobee if it isnt going to function like the other devices Alexa comes with. Not a fan of Alexa on ecobee3
Amazon is improving this app with every update, and I don't mean just bug fixes. Almost every upgrade includes either new features, or improvements to current features. This last update improved the features and functionality of the music player, and I couldn't be happier now with this app. I'm curious why the app has just a 3.5 score, but not enough to read all the reviews to find out why. The app is a 5.0 as far as I'm concerned.
I do Love my 'Dot'... But the only thing I am disappointed with is the fact I cannot ask Alexa to play Music I have already bought & play it from my phone's Sd card...
App is unstable and not very responsive. Usability is stuck in 1998. Using multiple 'echo dots' is awfully to handle. Actually, I shouldn't expect too much from a company like Amazon in terms of software development. Better try next time. Aaand, you might think of putting all your "spread-around-the-table" apps in one app. Good luck.
Will only allow me to access home screen and nothing else. A waste of time. Update app now froze so deleted and reinstalled now won't even load it just gets worse Come on amazon sort it out or Google might be an option.
The pits. No longer controls with keyboard input thereby making it impossible for me to control my living room echo from my bedroom without having my bedroom echo respond to commands. Really, a dumbass thing for Amazon to do. You know, sometimes voice activation is not the most desired, appropriate, or even the most convenient way to control an Echo device! Duh!
Its not that it's broken, but for Amazon I'd think there wouldn't be so many issues. The app is very laggy when navigating, especially in the alarms section. I've experienced freezing as well. Overall does what it needs to but it has a ways to go.
Lists are broken, Alexa is unable to do simple Google searches, like really guys, come on. Not sure what an echo is actually good for except as a speaker. Google assistant on my phone is much more knowledgeable and less buggy.
I just wanted to make a suggestion. I personally think that the app and echo are great. But I was bothered by the fact that you can't answer phone calls from friends and family who are using their mobile phone. I just wanted you to please consider this. Thanks-Felix
The Alexa app no longer loads. I am not sure if with all the updates to the Alexa software to account for the Look and Show but my app never loads. I can't go in and update wireless. I have had consistently more and more issues with the Alexa software. Which is a shame, I love my Alexa and if these problems arent fixed I'll have to get rid of it. I'm tired of being frustrated with something that doesn't work like it supposed to.
The last update is a step back. The volume slider is a pain. The old one was really easy and quick to use. And what's wrong with the player whenever you open the app and press the player icon it goes to inactive mode 'amazon apps'?!
Too many features restricted to the US only. Amazon needs to cater to the international market. The US is only a small part of the world. Would not have bought device if I had known about the restrictions beforehand. Currently it is just an expensive bluetooth speaker/music player, timer and light switch.
For some reason my dot disconnected from my WiFi and is telling me to look for an "Amazon-nk6" network, there is nothing like that for my WiFi. What happened to her using MY WiFi? This is getting annoying. It worked fine a few hours ago.
Loving my echo dot so far. But there are a few areas where it has a few... Dumb ommisions. Like the daily routine. Why can't I add my calendar to it? And the support for non amazon things. I play for play music. Why should I have to pay for amazon as well, but I can only use amazon.
Such super poor country support. NZ is there but I can't add US skills or NZ skills! Can't create a new AU account because my phone number is linked to my Amazon account. I give up.
Alexa became dumb all of a sudden! She can't play the next song or stop the music anymore! (Spotify /Sonos combo used to work fine)
So slow, super annoying. Latest version doesn't play from History anymore. Is it so hard to remember last selected device instead of defaulting to This Device all the time?
b"App is clunky and has a terrible design. It really needs to be rebuilt from the ground up. Voice searching on the echo device for an album I know I have through prime music failed dismally so tired to use the app to search. Wow completely terrible. Just putting a single letter (any letter) into the search box in the music area of the map to search through my music returns no results at all. Let me be clear here, the search function does not work in any way whatsoever. It also fails to sync with some albums I have added so I cannot even manually trawl the hundreds of albums to find the one I'm looking for. Amazon this is most definitely a failure from you (everything else is awesome though ??)"
Useless. Can't even make Drop In work between multiple dots. Pretty much only a time & temp machine.
updating fail big time for kindle fire 7 (5gen 2015) will not update this item at all -really there no way to disable it ether love to do that! what a waste
Smart home function not working since update. I have the smartlife app and a bunch of bulbs. Since the alexa app update the connection between the apps is intermittent at best. Sometimes IFTTT works but for some reason Alexa says she has actioned voice commands but nothing happens. Please sort this out Amazon - everything worked brilliantly until you updated.
Dog slow, cannot setup Spotify stations as the default. Cannot play music on my speakers has to come out the echo
Sort out the history!! Make it possible for the history to clear itself after maybe 12 or 24 hours I don't need to know what I asked Alexa for yesterday, last week, a month ago or last year. Come on sort it please.
What have you done to this! Every time the volume is lowered by voice the radio stops playing. It worked fine. Now it's knackered. Good job!
The volume control in app only works when music is playing. When you play skills, games, or ask general questions, it will not change the volume unless you physically push the Echo volume buttons or tell Alexa verbally. (I am not buying the Bluetooth remote.) But if the volume is too high, she (it) won't hear you like a teenager. Good luck. This needs a major fix, make volume an option at the bottom of the app, so it's always available. There is no equalizer to change the amount of bass or trouble, which my cassette tape player had in 1985... perhaps that needs some attention too Amazon?
Honestly amazon - wth. Horrible app, terribly slow (dot dot dot!) for no reason; never sure if it froze or what. No words (well no more).
Sonos issues. Works OK to control radio and Spotify via the echo dot. Via the sonos one, it doesn't. It keeps saying enable skills in Alexa app. It is already enabled and reinstalling doesn't help.
The latest update ruined this app. Nothing will play from history. I cannot select a default device, it defaults to a device I almost never use. I am extremely frustrated.
First let me say, I think that the Amazon Echo is one of the most awesome gadgets I could imagine. That said, it's hard to understand how Amazon could get the app so wrong. It does what it should, but is slow, disorganized & unbelievably annoying. Why is there no option to set smart home, skills, shopping list or anything else for that matter as the opening screen? Why is it that in order to add a smart bulb or switch as I add to my system that I need to discover ALL devices & then have to delete many Roku channels or Hue presets that I never use? Why is it not possible to set the device list to alphabetical and for it to remain that way? Why are there no widgets for, example, shopping or to-do lists. And finally, my laptop boots up faster than this app takes to open. Bottom line is I would think some Amazon braniac would be able to improve this. Please Amazon, I beg you, make your software as brilliant as your hardware
Disappointing. Limited. Buggy. I wish it would let me control my Alexa better. Managing my assistant is incredibly hard using this app.
Was working fine but now all of a sudden when I get notifications and ask alexa to read them she tells me I have a notification and never actually reads what the notification is. Eventually I have to open the app on my phone and she starts reading the notifications again.
A lot left desired the app n the speaker is half baked in India, most smart skills are not available for India. Alexa has trouble understand most of the times.
It is getting better but it takes too long to get anywhere, the home screen needs an update away from menus to icons. IMHO...
After signing in to my account, it's take me to a blank page with only two tabs at the bottom. Not sure what to do now.
Worst app from Amazon. The app is not at all responsive and it horribly it lags
The volume control needs to be more user friendly. You cannot change the level from the app now. Also very slow to recognize the change of music.
New update means it can't see some items through voice commands that I can plainly see and control through the app. Get it together.
I love my echo. Could use more useful apps. To many non useful apps. I rather the app has a few helpful apps ,then 1,000 non helpful apps.
I love my echo, but this app sucks. Very slow, and the to-do list is less than basic.
Awful app. It's slow and glitchy. The music part is really terrible with it's difficult search function. Not used friendly at all!!
Mostly ok. Can't leave reviews for skills in the mobile app as the text entry field cannot be viewed when typing!
I changing my rating to a 1 star. The new update no longer allows me to have any control of my Alexa. What's the point.
I already signed it a problem to sign over again some one on my back tabs could steal info or pass word
I've been trying to train Alexa to my strong Yorkshire accent was told its in settings on app but no options and no update not helpful at all Alexa doesn't recognise anything I say it's so annoying
crashes wifi then have reset...andriod 6 ..not think this official one?
Horrible program, way too glitchie. I expect better from Amazon.
Annoying coz cannot control my fire tv with it and that's only for India every where else it can be why this bias
Slow, unresponsive and often crashing crappy app. Totally screws up the Alexa experience
No alexa voice control through the app on canada? What were you thinking. I pay for prime like everyone else update ASAP
The app is good when it works properly which isn't very often, it doesn't always first time, I'm trying to update the app but it's not happening
I just activated this out of my tablet because it's not working well and I understand why. I have other items and I have also delete it out other things I don't know what's going on with with this appAlexa
It langs many time plus user interface is not so good
Freezes my phone up every time I use it. Very annoying.
Couldn't see the option to give voice commands from my phone. US only, like those other features I was looking for?
Love Alexa...hate this app. More than ever it fails to load up.
App will not load after install on my galaxy s8 active
The echo is an awesome product. This app in the other hand truly sucks. It's really slow
Setting up a dot...connect to the dot launch and crash as it say no network connect... wow must be nobody testing anything.
Great app. Love how it keeps track of of my lists. One suggestion would be to make it so I can reorder my shopping list items so I can sort them before shopping? Thanks!
I cannot link my Pandora or anything else for that matter. Been trying since I got my dot months ago.
The Wi-Fi tutorial worked once or twice but now it's useless
What would be good would be if the smart switch and timer were joined... 'Alexa, turn on light for 10 mins'.
Horrible app to such a great device. Never lets me edit alarms or timers on my pixel XL 2. It just sits and spins forever.
Great device, app a bit clunky. Default launch screen has no value.
Everything is working quite well. Well done Amazon! The future looks bright for this product. Getting better all the time! Still ahead of Google home in most areas!
The Alexa computer cuts off the end of every sentence in-app.
This is wonderful! So easy to install and has step by step instructions and I am stupid when it comes to this stuff! Easy!
Still no way to control your FireTV here in Germany? Lame..
No Sonos skill for Australia sucks! Not Apple music compatible sucks!
Quit working. It gets stuck loading. I think Google is jealous.
Seems like the player for music doesn't work any more
App keeps spinning for 5 min and then finally let's me enter setup. Need some kind of an indicator of what it's doing and not just three spinning dots for 5 min.
Why do you have to pay for spotify premium when I can just use my phone or just buy a speaker I just should because for 1 year I can buy my own wow amzon
The app is supposed to have music, video and books under settings but I only have music and books, no video. I want to link my echo dot to my fire TV stick.
Amazing! All those haterz are talking cr@p!!! Bcuz dey to poor to afford Alexa
Nothing work in India.. We dont see thia update in india..
Cannot use device with other blue tooth speakers. Spent an hour on the phone with support because it will not read sms messages. Amazon said to return device.
It says buying not supported in your location
I like the app but wish there was a widget to add the Alexa really button to the home screen to you don't have to open the app.
Alexa is very useful! I love my dot. The app works great, just could use a little fine tuning.
b'No Sonos skill in the Australian version of the app ??'
It's always listening always trying to call somebody or play a song even in my pocket with the phone screen turned off
I can't even get in to connect my echo to the Wi-Fi. Extremely frustrating with the quality of "such an amazing app"
App needs a cleaner look. Also add a widget for Android for Alexa so I can keep it on my home screen to press.
I can't find my conversation icon anymore on update it's very frustrating * update * I had to uninstall and reinstall the app to get it back
Just needs a widget to get to Alexa without having to open the app.
Back to 5 start now all home automation hardware is back working as it should do
Awesome, great job team! Only suggestion would be Android Wear integration or stand alone Wear 2.0 support.
I love my Alexa app . wouldn't take nothing for it
Alexa button doesn't work
Okay update is good but alexa stop short and never finish the sentence at the end.
Many apps are not available to India. Didn't expect this . Hope they will soon improve this. Especially no castbox support which I thought it has . And many other apps.
Playback control not supported..
Would like to be able to control my firestick from my echo, apparently it's not available in the UK yet!
Still no Alexa button on OnePlus 5 here in Australia, what's the deal Amazon?
I like it, but Didn't help when adding someone else to your Alexa
Maybe ok when one lives in the USA.
Why there is no support for amazon fire tvstick?
Echo spot does not appear on the list in the app so can't connect.
Very Good, although would benefit from a widget
Ideal to keep in contact with my uncle who has an alexa too
Can you please add support for voice profiles in the UK
Please add location function to control the lights and functions when wifi get connected PLEASE!
Can no longer control Pandora with last update.
Lacks parental control for explicit music content!
App does not want to load on my tablet.
Sucks. Never could finish set up even
In India Alexa is only speaker,
(Connection timeout S9+) please fix ASAP.
After login it just spins forever
Does not work with oneplus 6 properly. Can't change my echos wifi.
I like it,I can link different apps like my iHeartRadio and my All Recipes
I like chicken nurgets
Need Alexa calling in India
Sometimes is really slow
It begins to be a good app, keep it up, missing a widget yet
Don't work
Incomplete app.
It sucks
Not working on Android Oreo...
Didn't work
Alexa is so smart and far field voice recognition is awesome
It needs a widget
Barely functional. Edit alarm functionality doesn't work.
Can't even set up Alexa...
Google Assistant wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better than Amazon Alexa. Fact!
Love It!
Works great!
Love talking to Alexa
I love my tap,it is amazing
Good app I like Alexander
This is made right from Amazon and is the best
Oh yeah
So so
Works great for me on a Note 5.
Good however missing widget
Works gret with the echo dot
Love the skills
Good so far
Very neat device
Fun to play with.
Cool Thanks
Best app
Garbage
b'Really Good \xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86'
Great
Love it
Love
App required with use of Echo devices. The recent update makes using the Echo Dot more convenient. Echo Dot listens for the action word to respond to requests, but ambient noise often prevents Echo from hearing spoken requests. Strangely enough, until recently, the one thing missing from the Amazon Alexa app was...Alexa. With the addition of Alexa, Echo users no longer need to shout or quiet their environment. We can now issue voice commands to Echo via cellphone when necessary.
I downloaded the app on my brand new Galaxy Note 8. Once the app is opened it takes forever to load anything in it, if it even loads. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app 4 times now with no improvement to the functionality of the app. Very frustrating. I'm currently using an older version of the app on my Amazon Fire tablet and I'm hesitant to update that device with the new version for fear I won't be as to do anything in the app. Currently the old app still works but many skills won't work without the new version. I'm beyond disappointed. What's the use of having the Echo if the app doesn't even work properly?
App is ok but I wouldn't say user friendly. Layout is confusing. Considering how much you can do via the app, it is difficult to find what you're looking for. Please improve as this is an important app.
There are many problems with this app. It's frustrating and clunky, it takes an age to load. My echo is great for playing music and it should sync seamlessly with this app, but it doesn't, some things work others are absent, like I can't search for a song or album. I know they're on amazon music because I can find them in that app, but not in this! Try asking Alexa to play The The for example, it's very tricky, or ultravox, she struggles! If I could search on this app and send it to Alexa I'd be happy. This app, my echo and the amazon music app should all work together seamlessly. Get it fixed!
No play button? I was hoping to use this to get my Echo to play albums that it refuses to play via voice command, but when I get to the album, I can only shuffle or play individual tracks. If there's a way to make it play an entire album in order, could someone please enlighten me.
cant play from history most of the times... cant browse amazon music so cant select songs... totally on mercy of what LADY ALEXA hears and understands... frustrating at times... still conversation mode not available in India... amazon team needs to roll out all features before people turn to other options of ApplePod etc
One frustrating thing with this app is that when I go to submit feedback on skills, it does not let the text box scroll up into view, so what you're writing is hidden behind the keyboard, which is a huge pain when you have to edit your review and can't see what you're typing or backspacing. It also does not save your review in a draft, so you lose it if you accidentally hit the back button.
This is the most unresponsive and frustrating app I have come across. Great job developers!
Unable to send messages. I went into settings and gave the app permission to do so but still tells me to enable permission when I try to send a message. I can't understand why this app still has such along way to go when considering this company's amount of resources it's CRAZY.
Can't control alarms. Frustrating and pointless app. This horrible app is responsible for waking up my 5 year old in the middle of the night on a weekend and making him cry. Can I give it zero stars? Did Amazon fire the whole staff working on this POS and now nobody works on it? Nothing but expletives for this app.
Don't need it, don't use it, don't want it. The Fire has enough memory shortages without it. But THANK YOU for adding the ability to uninstall. Seriously, thank you.
Alexa gets confused. And who can remember all the applications names. Needs lots of work.
Very poorly engineered the app works when it feels like it during voice training Alexa tells you to hit the next button which does not work you cannot get the next button and if you hit it it does absolutely nothing at all. Alexa really understands what I say I have replaced her with Google home
I realize my expectations were way too high. It is essentially a voice recognition connected to a few features that seem selected and tuned for building revenue stream. Unless you like the cool toy aspect, Id wait another year at least and I'm not sure Amazon is necessarily the company that will be bringing it. They seem good at using technology to build POS revenue stream, not developing technology.
The app is really slow and it takes ages to open the device information under setting menu. Also I have connected my echo device at the very first time but after few minutes it started showing connection error, now the problem is that the app is not working properly and device response is getting failed..seriously fed up with the app and device
Was amazing but now for some reason my smart bulb and smart plug has stopped working with Alexa sins the new update please sort it out I spend allot of money on these for them to not work as soon as u do an update
Alexa need updates. Quite often it faces problems of not been able to recognize command. Sometimes even the command it has recognized earlier doesn't work.
Playback of commands heard by Alexa is broken. Often plays two or three times at once with the sound clip overlaid. Otherwise great app
I download this because i have amazon music and Android does not allow Amazon music to be the, "default music provider". I had hoped to replace, "ok Google play bla bla bla" with, "Alexa play song x!" In stead I must push a blue button which really defeats the idea of hands free. So my options are to by some ridiculous thing I have no need for or switch to an android supported default provider. Basically the app is useless unless you get echo or whatever... at that point the device just leaches function from your phone... maybe I'm wrong but looking at the horrid ratings on this app tells me Amazon is taking a wrong turn here, too bad, I actually liked their services.
This app now weighs in at nearly 250Mb. I wish they offered a Alexa Light version to configure devices and not much else for my phone... I have (1) Echo, (3) Echo Dots, (3) Amazon tablets of 7", 8", and 10", (1) 2016 AWD Ford Taurus which works in conjunction with the Ford+Alexa app on my phone - I don't think my phone needs to be a full blown Alexa device...
I have at home 2 users 2 phones with alexa 2 firetv sticks phillips hue and everything is working lightyears ahead of competitors. New version allow to call echo dot for free on wifi. Dot is amazing and the new tvstick come with alexa embedded ... all for much less money than google
Player no longer showing books or music currently playing, even when initiated from the app. Means I can't control volume or pause what is playing from the app or control multiple Echo devices without being in the room.
The app is useful to pair your Alexa to smart features in your home and to figure out cool things your Alexa can do. But I've had quite a few issues with connectivity to my Alexa.
I realize that information has to travel through space & Wi-Fi and all of that takes time. However, the "list" feature seems to take longer than it should. Especially when I'm grocery shopping and trying to quickly pull up the list to make sure I'm not forgetting anything. If Amazon could simplify the amount of clicks to the lists, it would be 5 stars!
Terrible recent update. It used to be that only your contacts who have registered for Alexa calling and messaging will appear as contacts in your Alexa App. Now you just get the whole long list of your contacts imported into the app and you have to search through the list for them.
Spent hours trying to link my Echo Dot to my Fire TV Stick, Amazon help pages don't tell you it doesn't work in the UK. Absolute rubbish, feel created and conned
This app is getting worse and worse all the time. wanted to do the things I asked.
Apparently it does not work on a brand new Motorola E4. Just get the 3 blue dots rolling on the home screen. App never loads cards or controls. Works on every other device in the house. Sucks.
The new update makes it impossible to access my reminders via the app?? Every time you try to open reminders it takes you back to the home screen on the app.... Please fix as I use this daily. It won't even open the reminders from the recent 'cards' please fix..!!!
Great app. Shows you in-depth information related to your Alexa requests, all very well formatted. Lets you review requests and report when Alexa misunderstood you.
It no longer automatically shows the now playing screen, I have to continually switch to the echo instead of the "this device" option. Must be a bug?
This app is seriously the most abysmal app I've ever used on Android!! It freezes, shuts down, and takes so long to react to input it mine as well be useless. I don't understand how it has 3.5 stars since it's utterly useless. It was useless on my Google pixel XL last year and it's useless on my Galaxy Note 8 this year!
Can't even set up the echo dot. The app gets stuck on the "attempting to connect to echo dot" screen. Tried several times for at least half an hour. Terrible.
Great been using dot for a year now with Alexa apk app. But now available in Ireland can access proper official app. Works great....well done Amazon my dot feels brand new....like it's been jazzed up
I can't get the Facebook link to work to log into my heart radio :( The app is not always easy to navigate :(
All of a sudden I can't access my reminders and alarms on "this device"??? What's up with that? This was a feature I used everyday. Can I roll back to an older version of the app?
I agree with many of the comments it would be nice if Alexa could be added rather than Google. As you have to open the app wait till it loads press the Alexa button for it to do something. Replacing ok Google with Alexa would be a nice alternative.
Why do I need Spotify premium account to play music on Amazon Echo? I can play music from Spotify on my Google Home and I have free account only.
Won't connect to my spotify by voice. Waste of time
Thanks for adding Alexa into the app. Would it please be possible to make it into a widget or even better still allow Alexa to be always listening. So I can ask questions from any screen including the lock screen. Thanks for the continued updates.
I could have given five star, if you at all us features in USA to Indian version and for if performance is improved.
Won't let me use any skills, because of my language settings, prompts me to tap "continue" to change language settings (within the app) but just takes me to the main settings screen, where there are NO LANGUAGE SETTINGS ANYWHERE. I have my Amazon account set to English, my phone set to English and it still tells me, it's set to German. At this point this is utter garbage, not to mention the absolutely massive amount of other bugs and general issues. Fix this to get a chance at a second Star.
Alexa would rather not answer that. Why is Alexa being censored?
Please bring back playback controls (app states it's no longer supported)
Doesn't seem to work on your phone only. Apparently you have to already have it on another device. I guess I won't be trying it out after all. OK Google!
Would like a large button and, or voice activation for my phone when in my car to enable alexa to play my amazon music. Instead off trying to press little one at the bottom.
Life Changing Functionality With The New Alexa Button...Make A Widget!
I can't even get the app to load. All I get is a black screen.
I don't like to sign in to an acount But i love the app
Left off 2 stars as you can't control the fire tv with echo devices in the UK, don't know what they've got against the British
Extends Alexa functionality to where you are. Is evolving quickly. Very useful.
Please add the option for the echo show to change the accent (BRITISH). Its available only with the dot! That would make it perfect
New update makes it useless. Waste of money!
Crash a lot, no response when speak with Alexa.
Since last update, freezes and closes. Useless.
When will the Alexa video skills be enabled for Echo Plus? I am waiting to connect my Firestick to the echo plus.
Can't seem to remove routine actions. Nor adjust my Nest temperature from routines.
Doesn't understand a word anyone says
This app has become more functional with Ask Alexa added. A shortcut or widget would make it even better.
Would love to have a widget on my home screen please. So can speak to echo without having to go in to a app.
Interface is clunky & doesn't flow.
Is there a way to change the alarm sound to one in your phone? Other than that, a great app!
Why does it choose the language by default? Does the user have no control over the language they want to set??
All the good features are available on US .Why I have also purchased with money ,they have not provided free of cost in India .I want full features in India .
Apps gd bar most of the stuff is for the USA why are most of the skills I find for USA why show for UK if only available in us
This app is so incredibly slow. It takes way to long to do anything.
It works great, sometimes it has issues when I want to type in the app, otherwise I love it and I love Alexa
2 stars untill muilti room audio synchronization is added to the tap!
drained 10% battery trying to open settings just endlessly spins
need a alexa button on my home screen outside of the app
Bomb dizzle wizzle.
Features are missing on tablet version (calling, SMS), but overall still useful.
This is very cool helps if ur lazy
I wish I got the echo spot with the screen
Alexa didn't answer most questions asked.
WHY can't you use my location on my phone to set the location of my Alexa???
Video needs adding so I can use echo dot on my firestick
Alexa is my best friend she's amazing and this app helps is communicate (:
It is very slow...Even when network and data speed is good
This is the best companion ever! get it guya you won't regret ;)
Love all the features on it like the question of the day etc! It's awesome
Their was no option for Amazon spot?
This app is going bbackwards! Some of the functions that use to work are now disabled!
It can do nothing useful on mobile...
A+ luv it
Have uninstall and reinstall every time just to make it work
Amazon echo dot
Hands down the BEST in its category, Amazon rocks!!
It is very helpful for easy day life
Pls fix it !!!#!##
Is 100 percent real! Loved it!
Still learning after 6 months
Playback fail
Where's the button?????? No button
Great app!
Lame
Its Simply Amazing
1st trimmer love it
F this
Wheeee
Needs work.
I love
Great app
I love it
Works great
Fantastic
Amazing
Great
Great app, but no app is perfect. I know the folks at Amazon are working overtime to make this better and that is much appreciated. The only flaw that I have noticed isn't really a flaw, but it could use some work. Making the Integrations to other apps to control other devices smoother would be the focus of why I only gave it 4 stars. Everything else is superb.
I do love my Alexa. But it seemed like this app is constantly being updated with the same things that it says it's fixing or updating the last 3 or 4 updates I've gotten. All state that it's fixing smart home features but its exact Same fix as its reporting reporting come on Amazon. Get with the picture
Alexa enabled groups don't work, there is no access to voice functions in the app and devices that are deleted return even if the account is disabled. I also find having only one fixed location for traffic updates and travel times poor, at the very least allow multiple preset trips. The worst issue is the way that the we keep being told about Alexa enabled groups and not having to specify device names but when you call support because it doesn't work they nothing about it.
I am surprised this app is developed by Amazon. The app needs some major UI redesign. I find features more by accident than because it's logic. And it always takes so long to load things... Personally I would use a different app if I could. But I would not trust anyone else with it. so I am stuck with a not so convincing app. No matter what :-/
Hardware gets 5* but app is stuck in 2010. The app is really poor and even basic stuff like searching for local radio can be painful as typeahead gets in a way. Also setting my Geo location didn't help with local suggestion. Not sure what is the point of setting it up. Surely you can do better Amazon. As I yes. I love the headwear, but hate using the app. Luckily that's not too often.
The best feature in my eyes is the grocery list. The worst feature is the grocery list. I can add items with my voice easy, very convenient, but can't remove items that way. Then when I'm at the store it takes forever to load the list and then if my screen locks it doesn't bring me back to the list so it has to load again. Stuck in the ailes. Come on.
Every question I ask Alexa or skills on my echo dot she can't do. The app always says it's offline. It's not. I try to reconnect or do a new setup and it just won't. The app sucks. And Alexa doesn't do what I need done. I had her set alarms and they were going off at 3am waking me 5hrs before I was supposed to hear alarm. Just updated app and still can't get Alexa to sync with any apps so I can use my dot efficiently.
The device itself is good. The is horrible. App design (looks) are too simplified (politely saying childish). The names of functions is not intuitive but worse is the nested options. You need to know what THEY call it and WHERE it is burried. No support to speak to. You can not even ask the device to help you
UX is awful. Screens take forever to load even on a OnePlus 3. Bad UX. Why does it need to take 5+ seconds for the settings page to load? Doesn't import Philips Hue rooms as Groups, but rather lights which can't be changed to Groups. Doesn't know Hue scenes that are by default installed on Hue, such as Savannah Sunset or Artic Aurora. Expected much better from Amazon.
It's a great app however if you share a household. You should be able to choose which items you want to share or not share. I can't say anything about it is really user friendly. If I add something to my list I should be able to move it up or down to organize it. Such as a grocery list. The other problem is that when you are in a shared household and I add something to my list it shouldn't go on the other person's list as well. And vise versa.
I love using Alexa but the app is so slow and crashes constantly. It's hard to use it for your shopping lists as intended. When you want to do anything in the app give yourself a 5-10 second delay every thing you click on. I hope the Amazon team reads this and fixes this terrible app experience
Alexa is pretty cool, even though she doesn't understand many things. This app stinks! It's the slowest app I've ever used on my very fast phone, and when I try to give feedback half the time the popups are locked out and I can't even provide feedback about what's not working
Having serious connectivity issues. We set it up last night and everything was working fine and then this morning it says it's not connected to WiFi. Have tried resetting the app and the dot itself and nothing has changed. App itself is not very user friendly and takes forever to load. Seems like there are still some bugs for them to fix.
Still really not well thought out UX and non Amazon device integration is lousy experience. Still long way to go before decently mature product
Work area is very small. it cant ordr pizza, cnt change booking, cant cancell booking, cant play folk song punjabi song cant play bhakti sangeet. Data at its server is not updated till now. Thumbs up to team need to expand area,
I can't change my language back to English Canada, so now I can't access Skills, or use many Skills I'd enabled before. I contacted support about this issue Dec 12 2017. It's now Jan 18 2018, just over a month. I want to use my Echo properly again.
The alarm section of this app is horrible. Sometimes I wake up early for work ok my own and want to silently disable my alarm as to not wake my girlfriend up. Most of the time I'm not successful and inadvertently set an earlier alarm. There is no joke a 60-90 second delay. Another thing that might be related: Only the last 10 alarms should be kept. I used to work shift work so I have quite a few alarms (possibly 100+). If this is fixed I would give this app 5 stars.
Sloooooow! I'm a big fan of Amazon and the echo devices but this app is ridiculously slow. Everything waits as it tries to connect and synch. Meanwhile you wait 5 minutes in the grocery store to pull up your shopping list of all the things you added through your echo. Nice features but all pointless if it takes forever to get things like lists to load.
I couldn't be more pleased. I only have two suggestions. Number one would be to allow me to have a different phone number on my echo than on my Amazon account. Number two would be for the alexa button on the app, if that could be a widget it would be amazing. Absolutely brilliant!
Alexa won't play my playlists properly anymore she plays about 5 songs then just stops! Also she no longer shuffles when asked.
I did the mistake of speaking to my echo this morning without checking out the volume.. It's answer was too loud for the smooth wake-up I wanted to have! Can you introduce a feature that adapt volume according to time of the day?
Clunky and slow. Frustrating to use. Sick of seeing the three little blue dots blinking. A lot of great features that take far to long to use.
I love using Alexa in general but this app is not loading in my phone (Sony ultra AXI) the 1st time downloaded it it worked great n paired with my echo show. I then started having problems it wouldn't load properly so deleted app. Tried several times since to redownload app but nothing works at all. Very disappointed was hoping to have this app on my phine do family can contact me thro echo show to mobile at times... Pls fix problem then I will re review
Skills not working..it says to changed the language even after changing it. Still same error shown
When I can get it to play MY music (not Amazon Prime) and do most of the things I ask I'll let you know. Everytime my.internet drops out I have to set it up again! I am IT literate but can't understand how unhelpful this App is.
Used to work. Android 6 on Galaxy tab S. App crashes at login screen. Can't get past it.
Not really a problem with the app but more my alexa and it playing music with Spotify, I will ask it to play a certain album in Spotify that I have and it will play something different, and also one of my radio stations on tunein radio it won't play so have given up on it a bit now.
"Play new age radio on Pandora." "Getting your ambient station--" Uh...no. There are clearly two stations on there, Ambient and New Age. To play the new age I have to go through this app, so it doesn't work properly.
Alexa worked fine until I upgraded the Wi-Fi, now she can't access music anymore even though she says she is linked to the web. She directed me to the app for help, but no one has responded to my feedback. Grrr.
Even after am update I can't see "your voice" on the settings on this Canada Amazon Alexa app. Can you please make it available. Thanks.
The hardware is good but the app just looks like it's a thrown together work in progress. Doesn't work consistently. Makes me wish I had bought Google home devices..
The app is garbage! It just sits there with three dots on the screen and I can't connect to the echo. I have deleted the app and reinstalled it 3 times and still nothing. I have an S7, not some ancient phone.
I can't edit the contacts! I do not want these people contacting me and i don't want to see their names lingering around either but there's no way to get the names off the drop in section. All my alexa does is turn on one light and play music so otherwise worthless and not being able to remove contacts is extremely stressful!
I love my echo dot but the app to go with it is the literal worst. Almost every.single.time I use the app, it freezes and I have to restart it. Or if I'm trying to start white noise on my playlist for my daughter at night, it will tell me that it either can't begin playback or can't refresh the history. Then it'll freeze and need to be restarted. Literally the only thing I like about this app is that I can turn on music or the white noise from my phone while my daughter is sleeping so that I don't wake her up. Other than that, this app literally makes me want to throw my pho he across the room.
Changed my review as there's no excuse for Alexa not being able to control fire tv this long after it was released in the US
Every update brings back my disabled smart home devices! If you give us the option to disable & enable when we choose, let our settings remain through an update.
This app is horrible. Just got the dot for Christmas and can't use half the functionality because the app is so poorly designed and crashes often.
Works well for music. But audible books stop and error out often like on every book. No way to do playlist of books or repeat a book or playlist automatically.
I have installed this app 3 times and it still does not work. It won't load anything, so I can't even set the dot up! Very upset!
Upon attempting to set up my Amazon echo dot on my oneplus 5, the app encounters a white blank screen and I'm unable to continue further with setting up. This has really frustrated me as I have tried every fix in the book and it still hasn't worked.
Had to sign in 5 times before app would open. App doesn't even open, only has a home button that goes no where. Waste of my time and money.
I hate this app. It's glitchy when I trying to find artist to play on Amazon unlimited. If shuts down and freezes.
Finally, Amazon added control from the app to use like an Echo device. Guess they got tired of Google Home being more advanced quicker smh
Doesn't work with Spotify unless you have a Premium Account. Pretty much useless, unless you connect to via Bluetooth.
This app is an absolute PoS. App makes it impossible to install Amazon Tap - get's stuck on the "Connect to Tap" screen, even after the cell successful connects to the Tap.
My smart home lights quit working after this update. Horrible
Unbelievably frustrating trying to set this up! I eventually just wanted to throw it out the window!
Dumbest assistant ever... I pay for Spotify and have to pay premium with amazon to link it... Laughable to be honest.
Doesn't show everyday repeat reminder after some time. That is really disgusting Have contacted CS but their troubleshooting steps were not good enough to fix this.
Still we Indians have not got the Alexa calling features and many more... This is unfair we are paying all as other countries do than why we are not getting same features like them?
I love my echo, but please take away the laughing thing. It's creepy. I don't want my radio to laugh.
Amazon dropping personal library playback. The reason was to play my uploaded files :( Google Home looks like my only Choice.
Until Amazon addresses the ridiculous geographic restrictions for skills outside of the US this is as high a rating as it deserves.
Would be great if you could add multiple items at a time to the shopping list or to do list. Also have the ability to send that list to people in your contacts
Love Alexa and her capabilities however... I am frustrated at the limits. Everything with an "i" in front of it is extremely limited in the sense that there is no open source. "Turn guest WiFi on..." Are you serious?! Is that all this netgear "skill" can do? Seriously? And why can't I talk to Alexa through this app? Not real impressed. Oh and it won't send texts or make calls UNLESS THE OTHER PERSON HAS ALEXA. AGAIN, SERIOUSLY?!! Team up with Google AND GIVE THE PEOPLE A REAL PRODUCT! Messenger (insert name here) or Text (insert name here). It's not that hard. Apple, you have a huge head. You are not as great as you think!
Alexa has so many skills. I am just tapping into them. She is a very important part of our family's Smart Home technology, and a big part of our daily routine. Great app and piece of equipment.
This app worked great until i did a factory reset on my phone. Now all i get is a loading screen after signing in.
App will not load, and you can't use the echo without the app. Very disappointed
There are occasions that Alexa can't understand half of our requests, otherwise it's spot on! Smartthings - you bet!
b'Worst app worst speaker i do not recomend amazon products i wasted 100$ and my time i regret buying the echo 2 next gen.??????????????????'
Doesn't work on my Pixel 2xl...just has 3 dots that pop up and do nothing. So disappointed.
Alexa and all her skills are awesome! I just wish I could remember all the different wake commands.
App keeps looking up when it's open for now than a minute...
Not as good as I thought but will we look at this question later on in the year
If your just looking for a simple task this may not be yo thang but if ur gonna put in the work it's da bomb
The app is useful during set up. Could use some tweeking here and there.
Stopped working My phone number is linked to another account? BYE!
It fails to connect to the servers. I always get "try again later"
I cannot find the voice training in the settings section.
To slow and just feels like you don't need it .
Still cannot see any contents after upgrading.
App doesn't even work, doesn't even open. Please fix asap!
Alexa does an excellent job recognizing commands. The iot folks should add more features.
The app and my dot aren't connecting, app is just sitting and spinning the 3 dots. Re installed 3 times, can't get any kind of set up done with my dot
Won't do anything at all. I want sports updates, but literally everything I press or say goes back to asking for my mobile number so people can call me via Alexa. I don't want this, but the skip option just results in being asked again in 30 seconds. Total doorstop.
THIS IS A EXCELLENT APP EVERYONE SHOULD GET Amazon echo of your choice.
Nearly every feature is "unsupported" on my device.
Won't stay open reinstalled several times I'm giving up
Waste, it don't connect to any Amazon service
Doesn't load music player, makes it difficult to control the dot from app including volume
Nothing worked. The sms filled failed.
Useless in my phone for now...hope they fix it.
I live in canada and everything in my house that is Smart alexa does not have a skill for example sonos, neato robotics, b-hyve and much more.
The app keeps on showing the language is not selected English India even I press continue. Nothing is working
Can't get it to work on my phone...
Not too shabby. Works perfectly with Samsung SmartThings.
i just sign in and nothing else happened, i installed 3 times and now I just wait till I have any response
It's ok but I can't connect my firestick to it in my version it's only movies and books not video fix it
This is a perfact app for none techy people, like me.
Love playing song quiz. Hopefully they add new songs soon.
Lacks drop in funtionality for tablet devices
Requires a sign up... Lame
It will NOT read my Kindle Books. The biggest reason I got it!
Won't let me connect firestick to my dot, not showing any video devices on app
Trash don't get ir
can't get Canadian apps! whata heck.
Fast should get one for every room
Pretty sweet I wish I could trigger the app via the squeeze edges on my pixel 2
Most features are us only. Recommended not to buy/download. Your siri or Bixby voice is better
None of the content available on my Samsung galaxy! Uninstalled as can't do anything!
When are we getting video skills like the us. Come on now pull you finger out :-)
Amazon music portion needs to be updated, I'd like to be able to select music from Amazon's music library and play it.
Wish I could get my echo to only reconize my voice
Won't accept SiriusXM streaming login. I had to go through the website to enable the skill.
Doesn't work with Dish as advertised. Have to be too careful how you give commands.
Slow and painful to use.
This is an amazing app by Amazon but why do you have to have Spotify premium to play music
Great tool and setup menu for Alexa.
It's an amazing app
Alexa at home AND on my phone? Yes, please.
Can you customise the wake word
This app just sucks
Needs an explicit filter for music!
Love this app it makes life easier
I love it. She so smart.
now is still blank white
No android to alexa calling
New & still learning. Confusiming skill home set up automatically
Pretty cool app and gives you more detail than Google app
It's really really really cool
Wont connect spotify
Good app if you don't mind waiting an eternity for it to load
Alexa loves me and i love her.....nothing else matters x
I really enjoy it. Must try for free
LOVE IT useful works well is the best
I have an Alexa and it's a good app
Love my alexa
Cant conenct
It good but Google as the edge
Works perfectly.
App is CR@P. Dot is great.
It's gud And useful
I love my echo
This is the best app on the web
Its AMAZING recommended to everyone
Always growing great App
My favorite app.
Works fine
WOW, and Amazing
Yay
It's awesome
It's. Cool
It's great
Its lit
Good
Love it
Excellent
Love it
Difficult to set up to use with third party apps. Trying to use my Google account to connect IHeartRadio and it won't connect. It's also limited in what it can do aside from telling me good morning and ordering toilet paper. Would be nice if it was further integrated with android so it can interact more seamlessly with my smart phone rather than as a stand alone device.
Interface is spartan but it works. Seems as of late it has been locking out some of my smart home devices which has bee frustrating to say the least. Needs more sparkle or something. The drop-in feature is ok but is in a strange spot at the top of the screen to me. It works but they did not drop a whole lot of money on the UI design I am guessing.
Took a while to figure out how to link with my sonos system. After linking the accounts it was not clear you still have to discover the sonos speakers. Once I did that I was able to instruct alexa to play music on my kitchen speaker. If you have pandora or sirius you must also link those accounts to alexa to play then through your sonos speaker with alexa
Switched internet companies and can't update my Wi-Fi on the device because the app continues to crash each time I try. This has made my dot unusable and pisses me off! Bet Google home doesn't have this problem!
I know there are skilled developers at Amazon but this app is not a reflection of that. Love all the technology that went into the echo dot but using this app is such a chore. The setup is unintuitive, finicky, and I feel lucky if I can even get it to work. Put a couple quality devs on making this app great so people can enjoy their dots even more.
Needs work. You can't change basic language settings. The app is in English as is my phone, Alexa speaks German as I am in Germany but I can't change the voice to English, temperature units can't be changed between Celsius and Fahrenheit and so on. Expected more
It's a convenient device to have in the apartment and the quality of sound is pretty good. App freezes far too often, which I don't have this issue with any other apps I have on my phone. For music, the app does not display the full title of a song, such as classical music and movie scores.
I like the question of the day, although when I pause too long to think about the answer, and then finally say it, she cuts me off and often tells me I'm wrong. She still has a lot to learn, but so do I. She's a recent purchase.
The echo was a gift and if I purchased this myself I would get my money back. I have used my computer, iPhone, and HTC. The Echo says it is connected to WiFi and when I attempt to return to the app it does not connect. With all of the negative reviews you'd think that it is not user error. I'll give it another go in a few days and if it still does not work it will make a great paper weight.
The App works. Just want to state that out front. However, I was somewhat disappointed with the Alexa app. I expected so much more from Amazon. Perhaps this app is in its infancy, and Amazon will hear what is being said about the App and Alexa. I recently read an article that was called things Alexa should do but does not (I am paraphrasing the title). I found it was spot on. My opinion after just about a week of use is how unpolished the app is. Amazon whats up with that?
Will not install on my LG phone running Marshmallow, error code 505 with no viable resolution when I follow the link for help. Edit: Conversation with Amazon was fruitless, the guy with the thick accent had no clue. Took my phone to my provider, and they couldn't get it to work either. As it stands, the only things I can do with Alexa is annoy the dog and tease the cat. I'd take back the one star and give it zero if I could.
Pretty good app but there are some areas that could use improvement. Device groups should be an option when creating routines. Orientation doesn't change. Reviews for skills are difficult to complete because text is covered by keyboard and doesn't scroll to see what you're typing on Note8.
I think Alexa App in India has a limited functionality, can't find rating option for any skill, also Amazon Music within the Alexa doesn't show any album or collection details, even can't download Amazon Music app in Google store in India, Amazon USA app/webpage show all the Alexa Skills, however Amazon India app and website doesn't have this option so overall experience is limited and would expect that the app become more relevant for Indian Market. However Sound quality is good.
What happened to voice training? I have a particularly broad Scots accent and while some of my voice requests are met with some pretty funny mis heard responses its very frustrating shouting "alexa ALEXA ALEXA STOP!!" over " a pizza hut a pizza hut kentucky fried chicken and a pizza hut" when all i wanted to hear was some pj harvey.
Disappointed. It does not give me the correct weather even after updating my location. Alexa says I am in Gardendale Texas but gives me Corpus Christi, Texas weather and my app says I am where I actually am... near SPI. Grumble.
App works well and manages my Alexa as intended. I still find getting to some areas a little cumbersome, but I find it. Hey Alexa/Cortana compatibility was supposed to happen by the end of 2017. It's 2018, still not here. Can we get an updated timeframe?
Still will not give you the option to bypass the unwanted messaging service and use the app anyway. Useless unless you wanna give them a your phone info. Not everyone wants to call people from your device. Phones have speaker phone service already. Don't want or need this! Haven't used app since October is last year. I can't be the only one irritated by this.
Messes with my phone's Bluetooth: 1) can no longer hear Wayz. Used to hear it via phone spkr now since installing alexa I hear it now and then thru the car spkr, if at all. 2) sometimes my phone calls don't go to the car spkr, just through the phone spkr evn though car indicates it's connected. Terrible. Has to uninstall it. Too Bad: loved being able to drop in on my fam.
I use the Alexa app to control internet radio via TuneIn because Echo is unable to recognize most stations by voice command. The interface is terrible. Searching stations through the built in TuneIn app is maddening because as you type, the focus shifts away and you end up accidentally clicking a station where the keyboard used to be. The app is slow to respond to keypresses. And you'd think you could click the image of the last station you visited on the main Alexa app screen, but instead it just takes you to TuneIn to again search for the station.
Terrible response and loading times. Buggy as hell when trying to use different elements - often gets stuck on the last one until app close and restart. Calls, inc video, often use earpiece not speaker meaning calls are difficult at best, if not impossible
I hate this so much, I got Alexa as a gift and I've tried multiple times to get it to connect to the WiFi and the app keeps shutting down. I've contacted my WiFi provider who have said the signal is fine and is working properly. I've tried other people's WiFi and have reset my phone and modem multiple times. Nothing is working. Amazon customer service is also saying nothing is wrong... Clearly something is. This was an honest waste of my time and my friends money.
Gets stuck and not even playing which i've told it to.Dont know whats the reason but I'm not getting the job done.Started seeds for hating alexa I'm sure i wont stick with this scrap for sure. Google home is much more better than alexa no matter what for sure. Guys get alexa and do the same mistake which I've done. Tc
Junk. Can't make register my phone to the Echo. I have been talking to the support team and they have no clue. So I can't make a phone call though thge Echo Show
b'Installed the Echo hoping its the right one suitable for the Show screen unit. However, it has been 15 mins till now and its still trying to pair (perhaps???) with the Echo Show but that too is running its blue balls... hence, I stopped the App on my Samsung S7 and came here to echo my unimpressed feedback. ?????? Am giving just the OK - Stars.'
Slow to start the app on all versions so far. Wish it could identify the user by their voice in Canada. Biggest annoyance is no Music Unlimited in Canada from Amazon.
I thought this would be easy to use but unfortunately it took me multiple failed attempts to set up Alexa. I had to go to the website instead and now when I choose spotify as my default music library it wouldnt work. This app needs a lot of work.
I got this to go with my Alexa and it's always glitching. It won't let you turn off your timers/alarms more often than it does, and freezes when you try, causing to have to shut down and open multiple times. Then it has delays sometimes when it actually does "work". That said, synching your phone to it via Bluetooth for audio does work easily to play music aloud.
I have had the echo dot for one year. App worked fine, then Echo went to Orange ring then solid blue. I can no.longer get the app to work. Will not connect to WiFi. Echo is now useless. Wouldn't buy another one.
It's more helpful than having Alexa on it's own.... the device never seems to understand me and talks over me at every given chance.... I have this smart device that I mostly use just to play music, but I rely on this app to communicate with it. Sad really. And when the device messes up big time it never seems to show up on this app. Convenient.
Sucks. I connected it. Asked for the odds on the Georgia/Alabama game and she gives me Golden Globes and 3 minutes of Oprah fluff. Not impressed
Application installed easily, enables functions but cannot shut them off! Enabled Russian bells, they kept ringing. Disabled on app, still rang. Asked Alexa to disable , she said disabled, but still rang. Had to disconnect power to shut bells off. Very disappointing!
After the update everything went wrong. My app doesn't load. I have to delete the app then it only works once. ****Update: The app works great now. Sometimes it has some loading issues but I am not sure that isn't just the internet connection.
Alexa was a 4 star but now a 3 star because this week my Wemo plugs stopped working through Alexa. They work fine through Wemo app and manually. They are connected to internet and Alexa Does see them, she just can't turn them on. Please fix!
It no longer connects to my other smart home devices. When I go into the app I see that it is linked with iRobot and my Fire TV but when I ask Alexa to do something she says she's not connected to anything. I can basically only use it for weather and a timer at this point and is pretty useless. It's amazing Amazon Echo can't even connect to another Amazon product like the Fire TV (I know it's supposed to but it doesn't work).
The app quiet slow and after the update alexa is turning less responsive and incorrect processing is now more often. After the last update it has even hangs while speaking.
The app is inconsistent. My friend has Conversation icon and is able to place calls/drop-in to other Echo devices. But my version of the app does not have the Conversation icon. Both of our accounts are Indian and both of us are on Android OS 4.4+ It's is frustrating to not know what issue is causing this difference. I have to only assume the app is poorly designed. Without the Conversation icon, I am missing some of the best features of Echo.
Hi. I am using smart home skills feature. Its a plug of a particular company. I have 2 devices in the company's app named light, lamp. I am happy to on/off using alexa app. But problem comes when I connect my other devices to same plug. I renamed light, lamp to mixer,washer in their app. I ran "Discover my devices" in alexa app. Alexa also found new ones - mixer, washer. But the problem is - it still retains the old light, lamp entries in alexa app. Thats actually a bad experience. Is there any plans in your update that, you will show only the current devices list after discovery is complete?
If you have a Samsung note.. Get something else to set it up.... Not compatible..... But you can use the note o CE its installed..... Amazon. Fix it
Amazon Alexa gets 4 stars. This app is not very user friendly. Poor interface design. Would be nice to have some list widgets or coordinate more with the phone.
Honestly terrible app, super glitchy with developers not giving any though about the users. Login page was so slow it took 15 min to log in, I tried it on my apple and android device. Did not make a difference.
As they were going to create an unbearable experience for using the app they have got it spot on , got my echo dot 3 days ago , still cant connect my echo to the alexa app
My Alexa stopped responding to my voice. My Alexa is also not connected to the app. I tried everything. I tried resetting both Alexa and the app. It has become increasingly annoying to try and stop alarms. Had to unplug the Echo just to make it stop.
Just a way for lazy people to buy things from Amazon without getting out of bed or off the toilet. And why do I need to pay to listen to music when I already have 200gb of mp3's that the Echo refuses to play because they were not purchased on Amazon?
I don't have a problem with Alexa, but the app was designed by an absolute moron. What kind of mobile app isn't compatible with the phone's native "back/return" button? Every time I try to go back a page on the app, it exits the app entirely. Makes setting anything up a massive pain in the neck. Ugh.
For some reason this app is connecting me with Amazon Japan, so I can't set skills and everything written is in Japanese even though I set the language to English. Amazon customer service's answer is to not use the app and log in with my computer, how convenient, thanks Amazon. Should have bought a Google home.
SELDOM READY, DISCONNECTED, SLOW. Unable to connect to our echo devices for a couple of months now. Even when it did, performance was spotty, would have to restart numerous times to get working. A monopoly like Amazon is making a fortune off its customers, so a junk app like this is completely unacceptable.
I can't connect Spotify Premium. The option is there but it's not able to be clicked! Searched the web and no solutions offered. A real shame as Alexa works really well with Amazon music BUT I want to use spotify as that is what I pay for!! Please HELP
The picture is real grainy, can't really see the person your talking to. Otherwise it is very nice.
Cant use games and it dont turn on without the charger and it hasn't worked since I got it without the charger it only works if you have a wire plugged into it it's been on charge for the time it needs and it still don't work and you have to have any help for doing it it don't help you with some new games
I have just received my Echo dot and I'm finding it very difficult to set up. I've given up for the time being. The instructions for set up aren't helpful at all. It was a present so i can't send it back. If I had bought it I would of sent it back already.
I like certain things, Spotify, calender, but Audible is horrible. You push on the chapter you want and it always plays the one above it. Does it to all our phones. That is very frustrating, also it should tell us the title of the chapter in Queue.
Alexa sucks. She almost always responds, I don't know that, the sound quality is terrible and you have to pump money into it to get any of the featured apps and functions. Junk.
THE APP IS VERY SLOW. CAN'T IT WORK WITH VOICE TRIGGER IN NON AMAZON SMARTPHONES WITH ALEXA DOT AND ALL LIKE GOOGLE ASSISTANT ?
The Echo Dot is amazingly a little but handy gadget! This app is kind of a companion for the Echo Dot. Although the app is great, but still Amazon should add the Call feature for the Echo Dot as this feature is available in USA and US only.
Ever since the app upgrade, my echo lost my internet connection and it won't connect any longer. Ugh !
It is forcing me to set up my phone number for messaging, I can't use the app because it shows a prompt and I don't want to give you my phone number
Have had only positive experiences. Have come to rely on Alexa as well as be entertained and educated. My family and I have enjoyed it since day one ... that's been over a year now.
Echo set up is terrible, and the Alexa assistant isn't very good, would much rather use Google home.
Far from intuitive and many of the skills and things to try don't work. My life is in no way better or simplified by having this in my home.
It needs the voice training in the app which for some reason is missing apart from that it is great ignore low star reviews by people who do not understand how to use technology at all.
This app is slow, clunky, and not very user friendly. It runs so slow on my s7 It is practically unusable.
Constantly crashing or "unavailable" when I try to use it. Keeps trying to force app permissions on me that I do not want it to have.
Built in Tune in doesn't have 30 secs forward and back for podcast. Makes it useless to listen to podcast
After opening the app you can't even browse amazon music , it just exists after clicking on that , I expected a good service from these guys , but I regret after buying this , and it doesn't even have unlimited music's alexa always tell I can't find the song which u said
Slow app, won't update current song playing, incredibly slow to browse Amazon Music
Fire everyone involved with working on this app! It has not worked for me for over 6 months. I have tried everything. I have downloaded older versions and I have tried the most up-to-date versions. All end up doing the same thing in the long run, which is work for one day then the next day all I get is a white screen with the home button and music button on the bottom but I cannot do anything with it. It's strange that it works for one day after he eats update. But that tells me it more than likely has nothing to do with my phone which is the latest Samsung Galaxy 8. There is also nothing wrong with my network I have reset everything I have problems with nothing but this app. I'm going to try the Google mini. If that works will I will not be turning back to this product ever again. I have an echo dot which by itself is a fine piece of equipment, it's the app that needs to be thrown out. It's 3.5 rating reflects this.
This device and the app are absolutely garbage, all I have now is a paper weight!!,.. DO NOT PURCHASE, TRUST ME,.. WASTE OF MONEY!
Can't even connect dot to the Internet, no clear instructions on the app, totally rubbish
The WiFi router got unplugged when we tool the Christmas lights down, tried talking to Alexa thinking it would have connected again but it didn't. Tried to setup again but it wasn't working so I've had to delete and reinstall the app and hope that it works
I sign in and then it just sits at the three blue ball loading screen. Technology is flawed
I cant make a routine my alex dot is messed up no way to reset to factory default can't connect to smart smart home devices horrible app for such a big company
I can not get the app to download on my Lg Xpower...keep getting an error code 505.
the app stored my ex boyfriend's number which i now cant remove. if i ask Alexa to call my mom, it's his mom that gets called and customer service can't fix it!
Enabling Smart Home skills on Samsung Galaxy S7 doesn't work. You need to do so via a webpage instead.
The app doesn't have OSRAM Lightify to select as a skill, even though it say it should
I'm a amazon person and love everything they do, but this app was one of the hardest set ups I've ever had to do. Im no techie and pad my patients pushed to the limit on setting this up. Come on Amazon, your better than this.
This app will not work for me. I updated my phone, I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, and it still won't open. I was super excited to use my Alexa and I can't. This sucks
During setup is not able to send a verification code. Doesn't change address, even though it looks like it did. Can't connect to some bluetooth equipped apparatus. Frustrating exercise so far.
I like it but the WiFi does not work can someone please help me
App is good, does the job without a fuss however it gets a 1 star from me because there's no option to control Fire TV devices however this has been available in America since last year.
Alexa's functions are always improving (after all, she's only a few years old) and I absolutely love the convenience she's added to my life; however, I'm surprised to see that this app is still struggling with some basic functionality issues (for example: the inability to see the text I'm entering whenever I provide feedback or give a review for a given skill, unless the text window I'm typing in is completely within the top portion of the screen--while all other apps adjust the window, as needed, to accommodate the keyboard pop-up, this app doesn't even allow you to scroll it up manually while the keyboard is present). All in all, even though the app looks fine and accomplished it's overall functions without too many problems, it simply lacks the functional polish that I would expect from from an international giant like Amazon.
music browsing is so incredibly slow and frustrating. the only app that is slow on my phone.
When I load it up it is just a blank screen on my samsung J3 6
Poor connection with Alexa and we can't add multiple accounts on our device
The whole product/app combination sucks. Works half the time. Awful product
Prior to the recent app, it was great. There is a bug with the current app. Keeps taking me to the Settings page and I can't exit out unless I close the app.
No, it's not laggy, it's frozen. Restart app to freeze again. Very frustrating. But you can keep restarting if you wish to continue.
Doesn't work on my tablet or note 8. Just keep loading
Missing features in Canadian app Can't connect multiple accounts to one device and no options for video :(
Slow, unusable while out and about. Renders shopping list feature useless.
Not happy. None of my smart light or plugs are connecting to alexa. Last fix didn't do anything
Horrible app, keeps resetting after I try to connect to echo and cant finish the set up
Really slow and buggy. Dissapointing for a paid service. Very difficult yo search and use amazon music
Good app for Echo Dot. Can be iffy after having to restart Wi-Fi but still good.
Non-existent search feature for Amazon unlimited music. Also, lack of dedicated podcast section .
No voice calling feature. Do not know how to get it as well.
This app is a website that's slow and crappy. Looks like Amazon can only make websites.
Falls short of everything... Expected more from a company like Amazon.
The app does not function at all! All I see is a blank screen.
I can't even sign in. I type in my username and password and press the sign in button, but nothing happens.
It will not let me connect. It automatically drops amazon-xxx wifi connect before I can connect it to the my wifi
Think this app might be great but I am not sure since it give me an error "App Support Unavailable" when ever I try to use it.
This brighten up my day but you have to buy smart bulbs in order to tell Alexa to turn on your lights ice and buy smart plugs to tell Alexa to turn on your stuff too much money
b'Failed to link to my Hue bridge and now just crashing with a white screen constantly. ??????'
The hardware is great but Amazon has the worst contact management system which kills an otherwise good app.
Had no problem with this app or the dot one thing I would ask for is some sort of EQ as playing through the eco is muffled and would like to fine tune the sound in different rooms.
Pretty cool but you cant change he voice it world be pretty cool if you could be like alexa talk in a english accent for now on.
So far so good. Just learning the ropes. Wish there was more of a podcast selection like Google home....
I think the app needs to be updated again it keeps on crashing on me
I think it is amazing though they should allow more stuff like how to speak in a different language or understand more stuff and be able to answer more stuff
Dear DEVELOPERS. I cant change the language to English (India). This is an alexa device purchased in USA. Please fix asap.
Give up your privacy, and not be able to turn lights on.
Won't respond to anything, just shows things to try...that don't work
Dot can't do things at times very basic functionality only, most skills are poorly built
I have spotify premium but when ever i go too the spotify bar it says i have to upgrade to premium please help
I can't get Amazon dot to connect to my wifi in in initial setup. I'm using a galaxy s7.
Google calendar is no longer working. App takes too long to open. App and device needs improvements.
Not able to setup echo dot with oneplus3
Its a amazing app! I Recremended it to anyone who happens to hace an alexa
She's weird....sometime out of the blue she comes on,,,, FREAKS ME OUT
No matter which section I click on the app takes me to the conversations/drop in page. Can't look at my alarms/timers/music etc
Stops responding uninstall and reinstall won't work
Won't recognise any voice commands at all on my S8+only good for setting my echo up
Won't work on galaxy tab pro
Sirius XM, account has to be linked everyday. Why did this change. Please fix!!!
The app foes not start
b'I love this app only thing I would like is a little more simple like hey Alexa find my phone but other than that great app????????????'
Will not stay connected.
Frustrating, limited, and poorly implemented.
IT DOESN'T WORK WITH ANDROID 6.0.1
Doesn't work with Android 7.1.1
Our family loves the Echo and the Alexa app that works with it. Keeps me organized and is so easy to use.
The best app more easy to do everything
I love the alexa app , you can customise your own alexa
In future can um Spotify be play Thur alexa without having a premium subscription.
b"Used to work fine now it won't play nothing so terrible update, ??"
I think that everyone can benefit from having this app. This app is great.
Love the unity of this app and my Alexa's.
I can't even get my app to load so I can set up the Echo
It was OK. I like it and my echo dot is amazing.
You need more music opinion like YouTube music added
No audio equalization option with the Echo Plus makes this combination very inadequate when using the Echo as a music speaker.
Can one of the wake words be "Jarvis"? Pls thanks XD
They need to put 'what was heard' back in the shopping list.
It impossible to change the wifi
Doesn't work with jiofi
I tried to create an account but it is not working
Useless on Android OS.
Great app, looking forward to future updates.
I like Alexa, but what enhancement now makes me re link daily??##
Please add the ability to play music from routines!
Does not do anything as promised. Returning device.
Amazon needs to add a parental control feature.
Doesn't play specific song most of the time
I need to know more on its capabilities.
New version no longer works. Hope to fix soon
When it works it's cool. It does not work for long though.
Won't even let me into this app
Please put this on my cell phone please
Please add google play music app for free
It's really slow
Amazing! Its very easy to install and very easy to use!!
How to I make calls..??
Cannot open"Settings" menu.
I LIKE MUSIC NO SAMPLES
Really need to improve this app!
Wouldn't link to my amazon account
Much quicker than it was
Too slow app
Not as intuitive as it should be
Not optimised for Honor 7x
Not a stable app
Never works right
Not What I Expected
It makes Alexa work. Really all I get from it honestly.
So far we love it
It is a life changer. Everything I need just ask.
Fix the app!!!!!!
Good if you had amazon speaker also
Does everything I want it to, and quite well.
Circle of death....
It work's better then Obama care
This is amazing for my echo I love it
I love alexa. I have an echo dot
Plays music so easy just ask ....easy setup
Will not open, super annoying
is this free or it cost
It ok
Bad slow
Not loading
Like it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!better than normal Alexa
Very good at night sounds.
Does nothing
Very complicated
It'z gucci
Short and sweet nice device
Amazon Echo is amazing
Nsen
VERY VERY GOOD.
I love it.
good!
Still exploring
Think it helpful
Stupid
Awesome :)
Amazing
Love it
Awesome
Great
Love it
Great
Great
I got the Echo show, it's OK. But very disappointed that it can't play you tube videos through it, also no other music streaming site other Amazon music. Also needs more skills.
No where near as easy to use as Google Assistant / Home apps... No material design for Android... No native option to open Alexa, whereas Google Assistant just hold the home button... Big thing is I don't need to buy hardware with Google for it to work (just use your phone if you want, don't buy any speakers), Amazon are really trying to push you spending money on Echo devices. Also Google Assistant is far far more natural in understanding what you are saying, Alexa requires very precise commands and doesn't always get them right, and I hate the excuse people are saying that "you have to make your own 'skills'", no I really shouldn't need too! This should have machine learning and just understand me however I say it! Google does that perfectly by comparison... And one final thing, I can access, control and delete all my user data with Google, Amazon on the other hand - nothing, and yet Google is apparently the "bad boy" for user data mining!... Bottom line Google is simply the cheapest and highest performing option, and I've now tested both. Sorry Amazon.
Won't install on Huawei p20 and developers have never responded to any feed back ever!!! Looks like I'm off to Google's hardware
Awesome app and I don't know what I would do without this, Specific app and I'm really Satisfied with the apps I've been installing on my new phone and I use most all of them on a weekly basis, thanks for everything and I will continue to use most of my installed apps!!!!!
It wont install on my lg xpower really annoyed have to use my old phone to set stuff up on my echo dot.
Alexa is stupid Ty
Needs microphone integration.
My whol e family loves our dots
I have Echo Dot and love it
Very easy to use!
Love it
Awesome
I down loaded once thinking I could hook up to Alexa too. I couldn't because my husband had already hooked up only one person can hook up to Alexa I uninstalled it. Now the app reinstalls by itself every time I use. Any other Amazon apps. It hogs much needed space on my device and I can't use it no way to delete it for good.
The device is in learning mode. The app looks dumb though. Scopes of improvements.
I love how my Alexa is small and that you can ask it almost everything
I still don't install or want this heavy handed app. Adding two stars because it's not needed to enable intercom. Don't need to sign up for anything to benefit from multiple Alexa's and being able to drop in on them in your home. Finally Amazon listened to feedback.
This app is pathetic and there's no way to disable the Alexa button in the notification panel. Everyone, just get a Google home, they are SO MUCH BETTER.
Infuriating. My wife bought 4 of these for our house, and while it can do some cool things, 75% of the time it doesn't understand you and is just maddening. For some reason, you can't search music in the Alexa app, so if she won't understand what you're asking for there's no way to do it. Especially annoying when your 2 year old is asking for something you know is on Amazon Unlimited and is about to have a meltdown
not able to login at all sht app
Keeps installing itself...every day
Easy to figure out
Awesome app
Freeze
Awesome.
My Wife is named
It is just a plastic with a LED light took me 1 hour to just make it to connect . app is extremely slow. Voice command I said took 2 min + to get a response even I have 2mbps wifi some times voice drops only blue light shows. PATHETIC PRODUCT FROM AMAZON
For some asinine reason, you can't move this to SD card. I needed the space on my phone so I will be selling my echo dots since they've just been getting more and more user unfriendly. Tip: there is no way to disable the *new* extended prompts where everything 'can be found in the alexa app'. It can't. Will miss the shopping lists tho. Might reconsider if they allow port to SD before sale of echos.
Not good compare to Google home. Alexa can handle only one account at a time... Many times not recognise latest song meaning
Used to love it until my phone died on me twice in 3 days. When I checked, without opening it, this app used 30% of my battery. I can't have that
I can put things on my.alexa now that i have the app
The app literally doesn't open.
b'Super helpful to help me do more with my amazon alexa??'
It's a great app for my Amazon echo dot. Love it
Too hard to connect
Awesome
Cool
I used to love this app for use with my Echoes, but since I have a Pixel 2xl and I received the Android Pie update, it has become useless. Not only that I discovered why my Pixel 2xl kept freezing on me was because of this app. I did everything to try and find the problem and then I deleted this app and voila, no more freezing! Amazon please get it together and do an update so that us Pixel users can use this app!
The app and Amazon Echo is only useful for music, weather and traffic. Much of the rest of your necessities will not be meet. I have over 20 smart home devices from TP Link and Arlo. Alexa only recognizes 2 of them. No security cabras, neither the smart power outlets that heavily advertises as Alexa compatible.
A little bit laggy app, but cool, love the echo, great job amazon
Absolutely brilliant. Great for the family.
Doesn't work at all on Android P beta 3, which I admit is a beta release... But still, I can't imagine that Amazon is short on developers.
Samsung S7 Edge - updated to the latest version today (june 26 2018), using it at home now the 4g icon is visible as well as the WiFi icon so am uninstalling (have tried reinstalling but still get the 4g icon). Don't want to use unnecessary mobile data. Will try app again in the future in the hope the bug is fixed (unless it's intentional?)
I have tried installing and uninstalling this app many times and can't get it to work now.
Did not try yet,but Im sure its gonna lovely,thank you.
Great app if you want to stare at a spinning circle all afternoon
It's a great app
"Alexa.. Review your app"
Great appj
Love it
Great
Very slow three blue dots most of the time. Very hard to remotely control an echo using this rubbish app. Update: uninstalled and disposed of my echo dots. They couldn't stream Amazon music. (Good WiFi and broadband). They could stream TuneIn. I recommend Google home mini - they work really well.
It won't let me even download it. So far I'm disappointed with this app.
Does not work with Samsung S7 Product Line. Useless for me
The reason I do not like app is even though the info button tells me the app is okay for my Tablet the alexa app installed for my tablet will not show contacts that I know are on my tablet and echo show but it wont show me messages or the buttons for contacts or messages. I have spoken to Amazon about this and after three installs of the same software and checking that I have the right Android version running on my device it just will not show me what I want it to. Works fine on my iphone without a problem. Apparently the contacts are sent to the alexa device from the mobile I first signed in on so as far as I understand it now the alexa device will only store contacts from the original mobile I think that is how it must work only contacts from the original alexa app will show and other alexa app installs will not show contacts Hmm very confusing. So to cap it off I will not be able to call my original contacts for other mobile phones that I have installed the alexa app on only the original one I signed up for contacts and messaging.
Just bought the echo plus, trying it out for 30 days. I really like it...but, my app does not show the conversation icon to register my phone for the voice to txt feature. Also wasn't aware of the $79 + tax a year fee to access Amazon prime. Is a reasonable price just no mention of the fee until after you buy the device. In Canada buy it at The Source and try it out for 30 days. If you no like, return for full refund within 30 days.
I wish I could give 0. Doesn't know the answer to 7 of 10, or more questions asked it. Of the 3, 1.75 are not even close to addressing the subject, let alone relevant, correct or complete. Google tech works when it rolls out. Amazon take note.
This app would be great if like google you could access "SPOTIFY" without the need for a premium account. Its worth buying google and selling my limited use Alexa on eBay. Amazon need to wake up to its customers needs.
I have had my dot sometime now it works fine however every now and again i keep having to re sign bk into amazon music... why..... its becoming more than annoying...
I think this app is neat, a little sneaky how it records your every command. (But that comes in handy) I just dont appreciate not being able to have the conversation icon. I would like to be able to communicate through my alexa to others. (I have a dot)
Hi, have the echo dot, it works great for us, the app ties in and controls the functions we use great.. New to this intrusive type device, using with control and caution !.. We use as a fun device on the breakfast counter at the house...
The echo device is really awesome so far but the app for it has bugs, can't find "Your Voice" option in the settings (yes im in the US) and app slows down sometimes. If these bug/issues were fixed it would be perfect 10/10
I give this rating, due to the fact, I will add items to my lists, talking to Alexa, go to the store and they have not been added though I added them hours ago. I come home and get into the app and they appear. I must check my Alexa lists before I leave for the store to assure they are downloaded. You can only erase items such as grocery items on a list you create when Online with this app. And removing past notifications, questions, etc, which are kept on file, can only be accomplished at the Amazon website. If you do not perform this periodically, the app seems to run super-sluggishly. It is a bit difficult to locate, open and erase the notifications at the website. Of course, you must sign in and find the Alexa device on the drop down menu under "accounts and lists" and more than halfway from the bottom, you click "content and devices," and then hit devices atop the new webpage, then click Echo Dot and then "device actions" and "manage voice recordings" and now you can erase the recordings such as announcements, questions you have asked Alexa, etc. It all erases.
b'We bought the Echo Dot last year, and find the productivity & fun delightful. The Shopping List alone was worth the cost! Our 4-yr-old granddaughter likes to ask Alexa questions about what she learned in preschool. ??'
Keeps turning my triggers offline. I've to keep pressing the discover button to put them back on. Plus alexa has more off days than on. I've to use the normal/original remote control more than using alexa. Getting pointless having alexa.
Alex very slow app more working on it. I hopefully next update it will be working fine i hope so
Won't let me connect my phone to this app instead uses my mother's phone number who's 100s of miles away and never imputed her number in my device And functionality of it sucks about to take the product back since I can't use it for me
Great, but the load time for the app is a bit too long. Honestly that's my only complaint
So I'm trying to change the wifi for her and its so difficult to find honestly the app is made poorly
I downloaded the app. Put my email address and password in and all I receive is a white screen that does nothing. Total rubbish!!!
My phone doesn't have the new year so I can't make calls or connect via Bluetooth.
Alexa needs to speak in Spanish I would like to give one to my parents but they only speak spanish, that could be a good feature to target other kind of customers.
I can't make calls because everything is telling me to press the message button at the bottom? The new update doesn't even have that. When I went to the information it showed me to press a button that isn't even there.
Keep saying up date and there is no updates get it together it's not that hard
I can figure or find the calling app, it still CAN'T understand my voice , How to enable calling for cell can't find info, need to have apps more organized.
App doesn't work. Echo doesn't work either. I've done literally everything and the app doesn't connect!
Okay the app got me to set up my Alexa but it won't let me put in no contacts or not like that got blank screen so what shall I do
I don't knoe yet because it says update the app but I can't and I don't know what to do
App completely crashes on my smartphone and this app loads extremely slow.. please fix...
Won't work on my new Google pixel 2 xl
1star since you don't have calling enabled for devices under Android 5. You wait until I upgrade my phone, Amazon!
Useless. Every page on the app was a blank screen!
Your app sucks it will not even load I will never again purchase anything from you and I suggest no one else does either
I have the dot in the bathroom and echo in the livingroom. I have them connected to each other, it's like having speakers everywhere and having control everwhere. Love them.
Connection timed out when trying to access app
This is a app that you can connect your Alexa device it makes you learn things and tell you things it is helpful
Can't get it to help me with the sat up won't update
Doesn't even have the add contacts
Keeps losing internet connections.
I like to hear a fan sound at bed time and this does pretty good i like
Connecting to only omr phone
I like amazon I'm a kid
Won't let me call or message any one not happy at all
Works well
Great app but sometimes i have to restart it to get it to respond
Alexa not behaving properly. May be it requires upgrade of software.
Best thing ever super easy to use :-)
saavn skill not found in app. please help
I love my alexa it's made my life easier
I think this app is very useful for the Alexa dot
Very good gets me asleep.
Difficult to update
Why this app is not starting??????
Great app.Easy to manage.
have to be developed more
Its good i recomend
It very good
It's Great
It's good
b'\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86'
I love it
Cool
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
The app is very unresponsive and has a confusing design. Amazon seem to deliberately obfuscate which features are available in the USA and which are available in UK. (Basically a lot less features are available in the UK, yet are prominently advertised... When questioned Amazon respond that they 'may' make the features available soon but will give no time line).
I loved the app then something went wrong and I couldn't log in. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it. Still the same problem, I get part way through filling in my log in information and it freezes up. I've been trying for 2 days with no luck.
I'm in love with Alexa, but the app needs a bunch of little fixes. It gets the job done. Ability to do macros with Alexa would be heaven. Macrodroid intergration would be fantastic!
Crashes repeatedly, even though I'm not using it. I got so fed up with seeing the notifications that it crashed that I had to uninstall it.
b'Keeps using data while connected to wifi. Even after "fix". Must uninstall until this is fixed \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
Good
Sketchy, utter garbage. Amazon makes it HARDER to delete your voice data, you CANNOT change the wake word, and when you go to delete the data, your "REQUEST IS RECIEVED" ... NOT deleted. WHAT THE HECK AMAZON!?!?! The app wants very sensitive data like location and contacts as well. Stay away.
The good: Works as advertised. Smart home feature 5 stars. The bad: Started getting Amazon full page ads popping up at random times on my android phone in late December. Uninstalled the app they stopped. Tried installing latest version hoping the fixed this, they didnt..disappointing
So cool
Sometimes Alexa is OK. Like checking the Weather. Sometimes it's not; like doing anything else useful. Sometimes it's good for music. Until it's not a common title and she can't figure it out. Sometimes, it's great for playing music from your paid Unlimited subscription. Unless you want to actually search for a song or album... because the app is completely useless. Amazon's response to that: Alexa is a voice activated tool. Useless. 10/10 would argue with Alexa for hours again.
Contacts won't load. Uninstalled and now can't install. Freezes at 96 percent.
Impossible to find anything, no search
The new update has killed.my smart home lights
Very laggy and confusing to navigate.
Why???
I don't know what Amazon did but they screwed up the Alexa app so much that I can't even use it on my phone! Call Amazon and now with the quickly diminishing customer service, I get no where! It used to work just fine and then the dreaded updates and so called fixes and now it doesn't work at all! Get with it Amazon!
Absolute rubbish - works fine in a fast internet environment, but as soon as you try and configure with slow internet it's a shambles. Nearly smashed up the Alexa...
It crash in Xioami Redmi Note 4 when listening, No hands-free wake up, calling to amazon fire tablets, no edit contacts/nicknames profiles
An absolutely terrible app to accompany an overpriced Bluetooth speaker with a few extra bells and whistles. The greatest joy it brought me was smashing it to bits and tossing it in the trash 20 mins ago.
Crashes repeatedly! Beginning to despair.
I live in a nursing home with not good wi-fi. Always get kicked off. This updates to Manual Set up. Frustrating! I can't get Amazon XXX or ORF & no idea what they mean or where they are! I've had this for a couple years, LOVE her, but the re-set constantly is heartbreaking. Takes forever.
Alexa constantly disconnected if I uninstalled the app. Very upsetting that I can't fix it without taking up space on my phone.
This stinks. I can't delete it and it keeps taking space one update at a time
Not quite as good as Google Home Device..
Needs a rediculous amount of permissions!
This version does not connect to wifi on my at&t Galaxy S7.
Once installed it is impossible to be uninstalled
How do I uninstall it
Stay tuned for info.
You are best
This good
Sweet loved it
I couldn't even sign in, it just kept saying my email want recognised even though I'm signed in on another device with my email.... It was super frustrating. .I'm sticking with Google.
Sucks this app really sucks the only thing it does is take up space on your phone and provide the designer with all of your information so they can sell it without your permission don't install this garbage
Its been months and still can't DL the app. Wasted hours on phone w y'all and nothing. LG XPower w marshmallow
(+PRIVATE.POLICY+) agent io certified license mobile individual website code of conduct terms of service added tracker rubyrails redhat jenkins sdk apis scanning https update
Just now for me too much too much I couldn't understand it's ridiculous but it might work for other people just not me I'm a computer illiterate and these what these phones are nowadays so I just like the easy breezy stuff
The UI is glitchy and a memory hog. Must be using a bad in-house UI framework for some screens.
Not helpful.. iable to uninstall... Came with phone?! They next day after I bought ..I was stalked F.
Can't understand anything I say. Totally worthless
Don't like the name 'Alexa'. It annoys me when I hear this voice.
No sound won't do anything. Want it off my phone but won't let me delete it from my device.
I have uninstalled this or at least I thought I did from this phone and all I get is the "update" or "open" commands and for the life of me, just wish this app gone from my phone.
Need to remove this from my Android. I have it disabled and it still turns on all the time
I DON'T USE IT BUT IT TAKES UP SOOO MUCH MB
How can I uninstall it
It can not be uninstalled
I don't want this app
The amount of better this app could be is astonishingly large.
So far so good. Very helpful throughout the day.
Google Assistant is hands free, mobile. Alexa is Not.
Once connected it works great!
AI at its best!
Why?
Thanks
Great audio
Very good
Rubbish
Good
Always have some good updates
I love Alexa she will answer about the weather places to go give you directions
This app is gigantic and they programmed the website terribly. All I need is my shopping list! Why is that not mobile optimized???
Keeps getting better. Still missing some key features, like the ability to schedule a skill to launch on a specific Echo, but the added ability to manage your smart home and set it up visually is great. I love the fact that this acts as an Alexa device as well, so I can drop in and talk with kids and wife, even when I am away. The ecosystem keeps getting better and better.
I used to love this app - could tell Alexa my shopping list and it would appear in my phone in the shops. Now I cannot even get past the Capcha as it tells me "timed out" every time and just won't give me tbechance to retry. Just cannot get on to the app what alone syc phone to Alexa. What have you done?? It worked beautifully before update. Help anyone please???
Update... I still can't get this app to work. It's been two years since I wasted my money on Amazon products because I can't install the app I need to set them up correctly and Amazon. Still hasn't fixed the issue. I need this app to set up my echo and it won't install on my HTC One. I downloaded other apps, checked internet, restarted phone and even uninstalled all updates for Amazon and google apps... It still won't let me install. I just want to set up my ech
The application is decent. It has come a long way in the last year. This is a work im progress but have to say it has been improving monthly with different things you can do. Such as turn your Alexa into a speaker phone. Turn your house into a automated home witb different devices like Nest, TCP-I or other like types to turn on and off lights, holiday decorations. Have lights come on at dusk so you come home to a lit entryway and hallways! Also setup lighting to make a home look lived in by having lights go on and off in evening hours to make it look like you are going in and out of different rooms like when you ARE HOME! Sweet!
Doesn't run on Pixel 2 XL. (android p) Edit 6/20, still doesn't work. Had to run it on another device. App is terribly disorganized and not intuitive at all. I have a house full of Google homes, can't see switching based on this terrible experience. Echo dot was free, or it would be returned!
Tired connecting Alexa through my redmi note 5 pro the app shut down and now everytime old open it the 'submit bug report' message keeps popping up every 2secs. I can't continue with the set up because of that stupid pop-up. Please fix it
It installed itself into my kindle fire on it's own and I can't uninstall it. I have no use for this since I don't even have an Amazon Alexa. Amazon, you've probably seen me write bad reviews for some other apps on the kindle fire that I can't uninstall, so it would be nice if you could make it possible to uninstall these apps.
This app is clunky at best. Has a hard time switching between tabs. Sometimes I have to close the app and start over just to open correctly what I am wanting. Nice concept, but horrible application. Unfortunately I am stuck using it with our 3 dots and 1 echo.
Such a pathetic user interface like Amazon website. Have to check YouTube tutorial for basic setup amazon devices and running a basic commands. App designer had no clue on what this app should and shouldn't do.
Tried to set up a account nothing but fails. Sorry wrong pw, then sorry can't connect, I'm not wasting time to call customer service. Echo dot in garbage, elexa app not worth the hassle.
Got the echo spot as a birthday present. Setting it up easy but cannot download the accompanying app for some unknown reason. I have loads of spare space on my phone, I have checked the app and it is compatible with my phone and model. No idea what's the problem and I have been trying for the past few days. I might even ask my brother to return the gift if I cannot use it to its full potential. What a shame
Can not download app. Keep getting a 505 error code. After following the instructions on what might be causing the app not to download and then trying again download app i still have the same problem and same error message code. Any advice from any of you on how to download this app would be greatly appreciated.
Very poor app. Takes far too long to start for what little information it actually loads. I have 2 echo device which both fail to connect hanging on the "Manually connect your Echo" screen. Setup and connecting to new networks need to be much easier than this.
Continuously hangs and nothing works. As been like this since day one. Tried my best to hope for fixes from update on update, but it just keeps getting worse. Total disappointment and makes my Amazon Echo feel like a very expensive paperweight.
This app I so horriblly designed. Three words to describe my experience with it would be clunky unresponsive, and unituitive. Shame on you Amazon, with all your resources, to be touting such poopy software.
Locks up and restarts during login. Can't get beyond the login screen. Not only is the app useless but it also means I can't use the echo dot I was bought as a present, or any other Alexa equipment.
This is stupid AF! The app won't even download. It just says download pending . . . I've never had trouble downloading and installing any app from the play store before. I have full service and unlimited data.
Love my dot! Wonderful and can do lots of things! The only thing is i can not download the app it gives me an error on my samsung galaxy s6 so i have to use it on my pc which is annoying sometimes! But get back to me ive also tried all of the suggestions so yeah get back to me! But i love it besides that issue.
b'Good but why on earth can\'t you turn off her saying "OK" after each command /request. It\'s crazy in the morning or late at night have her yell out OK! When you are trying to be quiet??'
Wow the app is so slow and hangs up all the time. It's so much faster just to go through my Google Chrome phone browser to access the app that way
Dont use/buy - APP is intrusive, privacy no such thing. Speaker from Sonos has been going NUTS! Won't come on with other Sonos speakers. APP won't take instruction (go on) unless I set up account even though wife has account. Stay clear Super unhappy with combination of Sonos & Alexa. Lost over 8 hours today after Sonos update!
This app is not designed for, and does not work with my device but it auto installs and turns it's notifications back on after I disable them. If I could give it a zero I would.
If you're here, you've already purchased an Alexa, and I wish you all the best. It really didn't work for me. Had a terrible time connecting to the Echo to the internet (could be that my Samsung Note 8 doesn't like connecting to the internet). And the Spotify integration is pretty laughable.
Slow. Crashes a lot. Really poor from such a big company, especially for a tech support app. I love my Echo but I try and use the app as little as possible
Worked the first time I installed it months ago. Shortly after I Uninstalled it, and now I've tried to get it back but tons of problems. First, it wouldn't download, then it would download but couldn't install. Then it wouldn't take my pasdword.. once I finally got past all of that it works but causes my System UI to crash when I open the task switcher/manager.. which I use extensively, so essentially I can't use my phone with the app installed.
I wanted to have the app to use with my echo dot and the family's echo. However, when I went to login, it would freeze up about halfway through every time. I am disappointed. Please try to fix this.
Unless this app is just to show pulsating little dots all of the time it doesn't work. It never went beyond the screen showing me 3 little dots. If that's all it's supposed to do then 5 stars!
App has a very confusing layout with no back buttons and disorganized user interface. It has improved a lot since the beginning when it would magically just not present half the features on earlier Android versions. We use the lists a lot and the app is brutally slow for reading a list in a grocery store, taking up to 60 seconds to open a list from first click. A default page to open or separate list viewer may be a huge improvement.
I guess this would be better with one of the other devices. It's just not that great for my phone. I wanted to be able to get Alexa to respond at all times, not just when I tap a button with the ugly app on my screen.
Had to uninstall because the latest update created an Alexa accessories notification that wouldn't go away. App isn't easy to use. Hard to find anything.
Possibly one of the slowest, buggiest, lagging apps I have ever used. Echo/Alexa are great and this almost destroys the experience itself. Impossible to control anything from it and spend more time getting frustrated and annoyed than accomplishing anything.
A good idea badly done. Can't answer simple questions, can't seem to find anything without suggesting I sign up for music unlimited or simply saying "I don't know". A promise undelivered, so in that way a perfect example of amazon.
Such a waste to the name of amazon. Please dont disgrace the name of amazon. Very slow and pathetic. How do you make such apps with out even basic info. And speed
As an assistant Google Assistant is a 100 times better I'm use this if you don't care about the lack of features or you just want to order batteries on Amazon with out touching your phone to confirm. Lame
Bought as a Moto mod for my Android phone. The actions it can perform so very minimal compared to the other devices that it is completely useless. The voice recognition is very poor. If I am signed in the app constantly turns on thinking it has recognized my voice. If you mute the voice activation a red light flashes without stop until it has completely drained my phone battery and there is no way to turn the flashing off without turning on the mic again. Extremely disappointed on all aspects of this device.
Who is the genius that created this update I would love to beat them severely. Every aspect of the update is horrible. You would think an update would make the app better and easier to control??? This was the opposite please fire whoever gave the green light on this one
Will not uninstall! Keeps reinstalling in the background without permission. Bah. Still doing so after updating then removing. This is stupid.
Congratulations, you ruined the app. App no longer connects and Alexa no longer works. Attempting to reconnect used to be easy. Now it's stupidly complicated and hard to find.
No more Video Support!??.. My fire TV stick shows 'unavailable' even when i am able to operate it, connected to the same wifi. None of my alexa devices is able to connect to fire tv stick. The new update is a redesigned disaster and it lags a lot as well. Very disappointed! :'(.. pls bring the previous version back.
Can't even sign in, says enable cookies when trying to login. I'm in the app? Not in a browser, Amazon let's get it together.
Something has broken (using Moto G6): not properly connecting to DROP IN devices -- establishes then drops connection. No problem using the Amazon Fire Tablet to do similar.
It wont download no matter what you do. Plus I'm hearing from many it sucks regardless. And they spend too much money for fake good reviews to counter all the bad real reviews. Outsourcing isn't good either
As several others have pointed out, the app stopped working properly 3/15/18. Now, it just freezes and resets itself during sign-in attempts. Therefore, I have removed the app from my phone and will not reinstall it until this has been rectified. Come on Amazon what did you screw up? FIX THE APP!
Due to all the pop up ads it puts on my phone Im deleting it. It has great features but the nuisances out weigh them for me. I have to close ads to make a phone call Really Amazon I expected better.
Keeps cellular data alive when wifi is active. Uninstall the alexa app and cellular data instantly switches off. Install it again and guess what comes back on. Not happy.
I think it is huge full of ads and has issues comnecting to devices. Plus Alexa only speaking American English and not Español or any other languages does me no good.
Tried loading it. Downloaded and installed without problems. Then I tried to open it. A quick Alexa splash screen then the endless sequencing balls. Never opened. Can't tell you what it's capable of.
What a worst app is this. Just stupid. It can verify email address and passwords correctly. What just a fake app. Don't download. Just a waste of time.
The app is a bit too big.. And Amazon Alexa is not so intelligent as the Google Assistant or Siri
Eats the phone battery making the phone good as a hand warmer but bad at lasting more than a couple of hours. Whatever it's doing in the background, the Alexa App also impacts the phone's performance causing sluggish lagging when using other apps. Was forced to uninstall it.
I can not get this app and my Alexa Echo Show in sync. I can not tell which account is being used on this app but the playlist I have created on my show are NOT showing up on this app which tells me the two are looking at different accounts but how in the world do you know. I have been through all the drop down menus etc. My Alexa Echo show worked great when I first set it up but now it won't respond to my voice so I set up a new voice control.. still can't get it to listen unless I scream... not funny.. not hapoy... 3 days if my life wasted messing with this app and my show..
Why do I have to sign in all the time? It makes smart devices not work with echo. What a fail! Also it never NEVER hears what I say
Voice recognition is terrible. I'm sure it's my phone because my echo dot at home works great. Asked: "I need directions to Rick's Diner." Answer: "Getting directions to Compare Foods." And it never got much better. I have a Galaxy S7.
It's a work in progress. The way it is right now- I'd rather stick with google assistant.
I was quite happy during initial 10-12 days, but suddenly today it is not working, it goes ON & OFF with my wifi connection, even though everything looks fine. Surprisingly, I am unable to restore ALEXA APP from Play store. I don't know whom to approach for rectification. Pl help.
It does not work on my phone even though my phone is up to date. Very disappointed. Having to use kindle app instead. Sort out please so can use my phone too!!!
I have to enable cookies that are already enabled. Wth?? Can't get past step one? LAME.
Absolutely horrible. It wouldn't even let me log in or create an account. Would give it zero stars if possible.
After the update my smart home devices aren't controllable. I've restarted everything and even went so far as to re setup everything. I can control thru the setup app but not the alexa app.
This app is really easy to use for your Alexa. It will make you happy if you're mad. It can do anything it's like there is a baby nice little person inside and you want to break it free! Get the app you wont regret it!
There is no way any sane, critical thinking human being should allow a corporation this much access to the minutia of daily life. Nevermind the fact that we are now training a future generation to not only trust a corporate agenda but to actively embrace the cessation of personal privacy. This app therefore falls squarely into the insane category, along with the unfortunate sheep that volunteer themselves into a worldwide social experiment.
Crashes 100 times. What's the point echo when you can open the app and work on it
I hate this app it automatically signs you to prime without your permission. Totally illegal upsell. Amazon you shameless company...expected better from Amazon...hope you read this
Stupid compared to Google Home. Always trying to sell you stuff instead of giving answers. It's like hiring a secretary that also hustles Amway and won't shut up about it.
Worst connectivity with Tap of any app Ive ever used. Instructions are horrible. All Amazon wants you to do is doend more money for it to work. Jeff Bezos this Alrxa system sucks.
What a ripped off. I paid extra for their music service but all they provide is frozen servers. Nothing streams. Amazon has completely abandoned me.
The continuous play doesn't work anymore automatically. Stops after one song unless you go in and turn it on. Super annoying.
Totally utter rubbish. Can't even log in rendering echo usless
I hate this! I have low storage because of this app, and I can't delete it to GET storage, UGH!! So ANNOYING!!
Too clunky. If I can get it open it feezes. However, I love my Echo!
This app is kind of awful. It worked fine for the first week, other than the fact that the multiple Echoes would not communicate with each other. All of a sudden one would be playing one song and the other would start blasting a random, different song. They synchronized for about 1 hour on one day. The app updates itself and is now completely functionless. Customer support suggested that the only way I can attempt to fix it is by resetting my phone to factory settings, then reinstalling the Alexa app. Seriously? I have to delete all contacts, photos, everything from my phone and then start over. Not a chance. Hundreds of other reviews have stated similar problems, and we have a lot of techies in this house. That's not the issue. Going to Google.
b'I now retract my previous review of the latest alexa update making my dot completely useless. With another smaller update, my dot now works ok. no longer a useless, expensive paperweight. App is still a bit slow and jerky in movement but a 100% improvement from useless to working. Thank you??'
This app is so slow and it takes forever to load anything even on a 60mbps internet connection! I expect better from a company like Amazon...
Pointless on the Google ecosystem. Google assistant is far superior and ties in/works well on Android devices, whereas Alexa does not.
Listen up. I want a fully automated alexa home and car. Three major dissapointments 1) I have a hot tub and pool. It's difficult/annoying to control outside while still feeling random strangers can't just play my outdoor entertainment. 2) it's very tricky to play music/make commands from my phone and go to the appropriate device. This includes when I'm out in my pool or hot tub, I want to play Amazon music. But it's challenging- without someone yelling "ALEXA..." omg pisses me off, I don't want my neighbors to hear that. 3) I travel a lot. I want it easier and not so insane (250] for a limited connected device. Overall, doing a GOOD job - but could be doing an AMAZING JOB. Work on it. I try to control one of my devices via my phone- because, plus no outside devices are available, and my phone is totally out of sync with my other devices. Got to get that right
Used to be a 5 star in my book, but now we have glitches everytime we use the app. We cant even get to a shopping list without waiting minute after minute. Mostly it shuts down and you have to start the wait all over again.
Invasive, force re-installs itself practically daily. I said no, as customer, that f**king means no. One more time and I should snap and submerge all Alexa equipped devices. Blow yourself Jun. 21 2018 - yo. Stop installing yourself. App filth New update -> If you're so incompatible with my device, kindly piss off. How do you reinstall yourself if you can't function...liar. July 2018. Pls stop. How did you turn the internet on, and then off so I wouldn't know. Just to install your pathetic self again July 31 2018 I uninstalled.removed. Took away digital fingerprintz. And don't even have access to internet at home now. Yet...somehow Alexa still reinstalled itself. I'm calling the cops.
I love it and it works great. I'm just having problems setting Amazon Alexa as my default voice assistant on Galaxy S5. That's why it's 4 stars
App keeps freezing. I can't even sign into the app. I have reinstalled app numerous times and restarted my phone with the same outcome. It is frustrating not to be able to use my echo dot:(
I can't get a conversation icon on my app to set up drop in and calling function. It should be user friendly with readily available help. Fail.
WOW this app is soooo slow and half the time it doesn't even recognize my touch. It always freezes and most of the apps are pretty useless!
Installed one Echo Dot without problem. Second one for bedroom would not connect, wasted several hours trying to get it to work, even the Amazon Alexa tech could not help.
Does not work consistently. I'm always connected to the internet but I keep getting an error of no connection, only in this app.
Really need to work out the bugs in this app. Very disappointed.
i don't like this at all, it automatically comes on my kindle with a couple of other apps. I can't delete/uninstall it and it just sits there updating on it's own and taking up space. >:/
For the love of all gods, let us completely uninstall this thing. I have no interest in using it and it's chewing up roughly two hundred megs of storage space my kindle could be using for something -- anything -- else.
BEWARE OF TRAP..!!!! never buy from AMAZON It is a new strategy of Amazon by which they can loot your money. 1.) You will not receive your complete order ever. ( I ordered two v- gaurd stablizer received only one) ( I ordered one drill machine but received incomplete drill machine without bits) 2.) Then if you will complain will give every proof I received only one. they will sympathise you for your situation for 5 to 6 days. and will say we will investigate. 3.) They will investigate by merely sitting in their office so called specialist team. 4.) Will conclude ohhh sir we have sent you complete items its you have signed it on delivery paper. Its your fault. ( because after opening and checking the parcel the delivery person will say talk to Amazon people if you have received incomplete not my responsibility) 5.) Amazon specialist team will say we can't generate any refund any return. 6.) Oh sorry sir you have to return all the items whether you have received it or not. 7.) Sir case closed your money lost. Your product lost. You also get lost. Because we dont give a damn about how much items you received it or not.
A waste of precious RAM on the Kindle devices. I'd uninstall it if I could. Amazon should seriously consider 2.5-3TH of RAM for their bloated devices.
Repeatedly says no network. Every other app works fine. Guess I'm returning my Echo. Garbage.
Great app, alexa is great, smart home control is awesome, now need vehicle hand free option. Alexa wake word needed to work when in car or another vehicle only echo device such as logitech zero touch is seriously needed.
b'Unable to sign in after several attempts and uninstall and reinstalls ... Kept freezing and closing and reopening, not worth the headache!????'
I have tried to sign in multiple times, reset my password multiple time, and have deleted and reinstalled multiple time, but guess what? It still won't work.
I really wish this app was a more fully-featured Alexa assistant. I would even pay to have full Alexa support on my phone instead of an Echo, which I wouldn't really find much use in, would just be another gadget taking up space. Unfortunately, Alexa's features here are extremely limited, and this app doesn't work as a proper replacement to Google Assistant.
It was fun for a day then it started bombarding my phone with amazon related junk. You own the world amazon, quit spamming me.
One of the worst programs I have ever seen. Almost as bad as Facebook at spying on your every move? Can not get it to uninstall at all? Or get it to turn off? Why is that?????
Followed instructions to the letter and guess what it failed 3 times. Cant even get it to connect to wifi. Im no genius but i did exactly what it says. Poor at the minute. If i get it working today i may update this later.
I cant even get past entering my email and password without the app restarting. What the hell is that about, i love the fire sticks and the ease of use with them but the echo dot at the moment is just a damn paper weight....BECAUSE I CANT DAMN WELL LOG IN!!!!
This app is really slow and buggy, I'd find myself waiting an age for it to load, switch into settings etc. Functionality wise ok (though couldn't find a way to tell my echo to play a certain track by text, really frustrating as it wasn't recognising the song by voice regardless how you say it). It is also annoying that the other person in my household's Alexa devices show up, why can't they have their Alexa desperate? Actually, I think this app is rather bad... changing to 1*
Really poor performance. Google assistant is so much better
Love the Dot. Unfortunately, this app won't install on my LG X Power. Gives a 505 error code.
I hate this app so much it took forever to download and it sucks balls and I just hate it so much it's so stupid the weirdest thing I've ever seen like identifies me and it also does a 3 a.m. challenge with creeps me out all the time so this is the stupidest app ever it sucks balls by peace out
The echo dots we have work great, but connecting them to a network using the app is a Hassel. Half the time I just sit waiting for it to load and connect and it never does. Amazon seriously needs to improve it's app.
I can't even open up the dang app without it saying "connection timed out.please try again!"
The Play Store version directly conflicts with the official Amazon App Store version. Do NOT download/use/update the Google Play Store version if you have an Amazon device because it creates an otherwise undeletable "Alexa Accessories" notification that can only be removed from the device by uninstalling Alexa and then manually updating from the Amazon App Store!!!
Crashes on startup. Won't let me finish typing my email username before restarting.
I downloaded the app to in hopes that I could use Alexa without having to touch the button to talk. AKA hands-free like on commercials But you can only do that if you have an Amazon device. So I have no choice but to uninstall and use Google Voice.
Used to get on great with this app, but since the last update I cannot use it as it crashes shortly after opening it. My phone is a Samsung Galaxy S5.
It keeps popping up this 505 error and its just stupid. If your app isnt fully ready dont bother sending it out till your done with it because then stuff like this happens
Plz do not buy this thing its worst it does not work fast rather dosent works at all its waste of time n money plz dont buy the product it is toooooo slow
Just bought the Echo and so far I have been unable to login to download the Alexa app. The screen freezes before I can finish. Uninstalled and reinstalled several times. I see many other people are having the same problem so I hope somebody will get this fixed.
Overall the UI is poorly designed and has a lot of bugs, essentially with things like setting multiple alarms or playing music. A recent update messed up the music player even more. Now it keeps playing on the wrong device, making it useless.
This is a forced app that reinstalls itself onto my device without permission or consent. I have never used Alexa and now have no interest because of this forceful marketing strategy
I have tried everything that I can think of and I still can not get my Dot to connect to my wi-fi. Tells me no internet available but everything else i have us working just fine.
This is stupid app acquiring huge space unnecessary updates. Cant connect to alexa and zero support from amazon even if you are prime member
b"I NEED A AMAZON ACCOUNT FOR THIS STUPID THING AND I'M ONLY 9 MY MOM IS AT WORK MY DAD IS SLEEP AND I DONT WANT TO WAKE HIM UP SO I HATE IT!??????"
Used this app daily until recently. Will not allow mobile data to "sleep" while connected to wifi on my Note 8. App will remain disabled until I can be sure it's not doing that. I don't want to have to uninstall
Fell in love with Alexa the moment I spoke to her in Tia juana... I Love you xoxoxo
Will not work. Signed out now can't sign back in. Said password wrong got new password still can't sign in did that four times. Uninstalled and reinstalled 4 times. Still won't work. Have been trying to set it up for two days The Alexa dot is a piece of garbage.
Installed it. Note 3 android. Kept restarting when trying to just login. Junk. Made my system lag and stall
It's really hard to tell that this app was made by Amazon, considering the poor usability (response time, startup time and in general buggy behavior) and cellphone heat-up I've observed when using the app.
STOP forcing this app to auto update (even when turned off in settings) and keep reappearing on my home screen after I move it to a junk folder. I do not use Alexa. I do not want Alexa.
Sad app! Every other touch lets you find a bug and app doesn't perform at all. I just bought a new echo and it can't connect to any device on bluetooth! This was meant to connect on bluetooth! Not ready at all. Overhyped.
Every time I try to use app it has a pop up that tells me app has stopped working. I've done everything I can think of to fix it. I also get no feedback from developer when I report it
I used to like the Amazon Alexa app while my Amazon Echo worked. Once it stopped working, I started to get really annoyed because the app has no settings for connections, or solutions to problems with my Echo.
Thanks for the recent reviews following the update. I was literally minutes from buying a Dot but looks like it could be a waste of money so have decided to look for alternatives.
I love Amazon alexa but I have one question. How do i do the Gorden Ramsey thing?
The app still functions well. I had some login issues with the new update. Also, the new update (alexa as a phone voice assistant) doesn't appear for my gmail account. But it appears for the account I mistakenly made with my phone #. Strange..
Will not allow me to sign in on LG VS980 running Android 5.0.2. Freezes midway thru password and re-starts. Followed all of Amazon's suggested procedures to no avail.
This app was made in the mirror universe, so everything in it does the opposite of what'd you expect at every possibility. Confusing and the developers don't understand its purpose.
I couldn't wait to get home from work today because I knew Alexa came in the mail. Now the app won't install. Gives me "error code 505". Back in the box you go Alexa. What a let down...
Doesn't let me do anything. I installed and uninstalled it like for 5 times to see if it works, but it just doesn't work. Please make an update to see what happens.
b"One day Alexa app wouldn't do anymore reminders haven't been able for about 2 months even after updated.. Only option is to uninstall and reset. Hopefully it works. The reminders are great for me to communicate with home when Im not at home??"
Still cannot download this on a p20 pro despite it being a brand new top of the line handset. Get 505 error when try to download. Amazon and Huawei both useless.
This app is so clumsy to use that you will be left scratching your head trying to figure out what's happening. Echo Dot device setup is so clumsy with this app.
I love this app, however, while going through the skill list, however since the update, I run into an issue where the list scrolls up when more skills loads. Please fix for 5 stars
Hi, just purchased an echo dot to make phone calls whilst on speakerphone but does not work. I've checked that I've got the latest update. Please help.
This app directly uploads user personal to the USA's National Security Agency (NSA), including voice recordings, video recordings and still photographs.
Getting error 505 and have done everything the internet has said to do. Waste of my money if I cant download the app
Sucks!! Does not even open on my phone after trying to reinstall it. My Alexa Dot isn't working either. Blue ring of death, as they call it. I'm very disappointed with Amazon!!
Unable to load anything after the home menu on the Pixel 2 XL. Click the setting icon and all I get is the 3 loading dotsfor eternity.
M unable to connect to my Amazon echo plus....it shows some error even after trying for almost 10 times but still not working
Why on Earth does this app require 600mb!? Are you freaking kidding me...no way I'm installing this. Guess I have a hobbled Alexa experience.
Love it! Now I can be lazy
It is great! Gave me such help with tasks that can be difficult! No more grocery lists!
This app didn't connect to my dot. The problem needs to be fixed or a new alexa app that doesn't have issues should be created.
creppy app, its like just a browser embeded insode an app, every thing keeps on loading loading and loading
Have not yet fired it up, the download is taking an unbelievably long time. I'm downloading over a 25mbps connection and it's taken almost ten minutes to get the first 60% of the app? Will update review when download finishes... One day...
Won't even let me download on my huwaie p20 pro phone! Now I can't even use the echo dot that was bought for me! So annoyed
Installed to try with my AV receiver, the app won't even scan for devices without failing and locking up so it's useless
My life was meaningless until I had Alexa play despacito now my depression and anxiety have gone away completely thanks alexa
b'Kept telling me to enable cookies on web browser, I did so AND double checked that i did 3 times and persisted to tell me to enable cookies ??'
I was see first time ted talks show very attractive speaker but I didn't know him alexa aap. but I use very good aap
Well i think its gay u have to sign in amd im not sure what else but i hope its not as shity as people are saying it is
I'm happy with most but the shopping list. Love being able to tell echo what to add BUT why does it keep closing the list while I'm shopping?!...Super annoying and needs a fix.
b"This app is faulty.. Amazon need to fix the android app as it works for iPhone but they don't care they have my money already ????"
Will not connect to wifi,regardless of attempts starts to connect then jumps to 4g and goes crazy. Manual is no help
At first use I was able to play music via my cell. Now it will only play via Alexa Echo. How do I enable music play from Alexa via my cell once again? The Echo is in another part of my home. Now have to bring Echo out to patio. Help please.
Inable to Intall on samsung galaxy app! Brand new echo dot is just paper weight! App dowloads but fails ro install!
I'm controlling my echo dot thru the webpage portal instead of the app because the app does NOT recognise my email address
The product and app is all fine, the biggest flaw is the fact that its too far in an early access situation that i just dont have enough uses for it
SKYRIM VERY SPECIAL EDITION. sweet mother sweet mother send your child unto me for the sins of the unworthy must be baptized in blood and fear
It's great just that I cant play music with Pandora like before. I don't know what happened!! Hope I can listening again!!
Uninstalled because it is leaves 4G data always turned on thus running down the battery on a Samsung Galaxy S7 edge.
To change wifi i started the setup mode and it asked to manually connect to echo dot on doing that the echo gave me a confirmation but the app won't recognize the connection and won't proceed?
The app is always dropping my call/video always sounding like we are robots..I've unistalled it several times
Try to set it up with my echo. Several times terrible app worst thing Amazon done so far
She started laughing and kept responding to things that I said to my friend. I tried uninstalling it but it kept coming back. Someone help.
I cant even download this to my phone to use my Alexa. Smh It tells me to troubleshoot with no further direction.
It refuse to connect the device with my phone. It's a bit annoying every time the device state that its connected when it's really not.
Hangs after latest updates so trying to reinstall. Slow to start. Slow to navigate. Not intuitive. Only use it to configure spotify and shopping list
BEYOND slow, no search option for music, no command center from the app. Never should have been released. Get the Google home.
App downloads but will not install on Huawei p20 pro. Not sure if this is Amazon's fault or Huawei's but given that this app appears to be fairly riddled with bugs going by the reviews the devs should just add this to the list and sort it.
Does not work in Canada even though you can buy and use other Amazon alexa devices in this country
Awful. App used to work, now it crashed every single time I open it. I literally can't do anything useful with it. Rubbish.
With the latest update (July 9, 2018), the app inserts a pointless notification on the phone that cannot be removed.
Just a waste... how can amazon do this....such a bad interface...
I find it very confusing a how to set it up with your Alexa but after that it can be very useful but everything it shows on the pictures above I have not found on this app I would rate this 2 out of 1 million stars
Wont install. Is there a fix? Tried most things googling turns up. Keep getting error code -505
It stinks because it will not take any of my accounts i put in. It wanted a new account.
Bad app. Restrictions for india . You cant create voice profile if you are in india . But if you use same app in usa or other country you can create voice profile . Bad app .
Wish they had 0 stars to rate...I'm up to 15 bugs and counting. Not even good as a beta!
After login, screen turns white. Nothing works beside installing an older apk version. Very disappointing!
It's a data mine for Amazon to shuv adverts down your throat. Google is superior in just about every way. I only own the firestick for Kodi otherwise I wouldn't touch Amazon stuff. It's a retail version of Facebook.
im just trying to replace my Google assistant but I am not able to sign up.
Horrible update! I can't connect my Dot via the app anymore. Says it timed out & to retry. Complete garbage.
Every time I say anything I get an email to buy a product. Feels like a huge invasion of privacy
Does not work on Pixel 2 XL Android P Beta 3. Open the app and only get the 3 dots.
Worse than useless. All promise, terrible delivery.
Its not the app byt alexa is stupid even tho i have ut..my mom was struggling to put her favorite station and couldnt figure it out because stupid trial ended and it was a day and its no omplixated fo older peaple they should make it more easier for them
Well I have a firetv. Sad to see that that is not supported even though the TV says to download this app.
Keeps locking up when trying to sign in!! On several devices too.
The app doesn't work for me it says that "This app may not be optimized for your device". What does that even mean.
Very bad experience, new version of this app continuously crash, not expect such error from Amazon.
The app doesn't work. The screen always freezes when I try to create an account. It is horrible
Tried it, can't really get it to do anything,keeps crashing, slow as all get out,,, just another useless app, took it off, I lived just fine without it all this time,,
Could never get it setup. Hook up to the wifi, then to ur wifi then crashes won't finish setup. Uninstalled..
The app would not work . Worse setup and will not try any more. Septic gam
Does not help connect device to Internet. Back and forth from app to settings and still no connection.
App kept crashing. Had problems with my paired Bluetooth players multiple times. Had to uninstall and reinstall it because of that.
App crashed ten times when trying to set up a new echo
Its just a pain to get to function correctly always loads then it says it's not responding I hate this app and what's worse if you have any amazon Alexa products you have to freaking use it don't waste your money or time on Alexa
GET SOME OFFER ON SONOFF SWITCH T1 FOR TO WORK WITH ALEXA AS PHILIPS BULBS ARE VERY COSTLY....
Problem where I could not get Echo to stop playing after initiating from phone app.
Internal error. I tried to wipe the cookie and data , restart my phone,and I still can't login.
I want to uninstall It's a cool enough app, though I already have an Alexa and the use of this is not as useful to me, it takes up ,almost 100MY and I just want to uninstall it.
Has been on download pending for a long while. Still havent had a chance to Even use it
Instable on a Samsung Galaxy S7. Half the time buttons don't respond and lists can't be recalled or modified.
It doesn't answer half of the questions please don't download this game it's waste of time and storage
Doesnt allow you to delete contacts. The only way is to delete contacts off my phone. So dumb.
Amazon SHOULD ask if users if they want this garbage installed and STOP forcing it on us!
This application SUCKS, every time I need it to work it doesn't. Super disaapointied about this application, with the development team you have for Alexa you should seriously have a WAY BETTER app than this
Good app. But could you PLEASE add an Alexa widget to give quick access to Alexa for those of us without integration? This would be a game changer for most phone's.
Worked great when I first got my dot now all it keeps telling me is she is having trouble connecting to the internet went through all the steps again can't even reset it not happy
Please help me understand I have a galaxy s8 this app will not open it keep spinning on them blue dots that's about it..I need help I wanna llisten to my Amazon echo
I can't connect to wifi properly or even connect to the damn echo dot half the time!
He can be handy irritating when you asked a question and she's doing research and she tells you to ask later and then you act later and she still doing research that can be frustrating
I just downloaded this app to play despacito when I am sad and also cause I can't afford it
b"Great idea am also buy it from amazon but sometimes isn't work but ok I like it most of the time I spent on this i fully enjoying this keep working and we want new version of it??????"
Mere pass on to defeat in a few weeks and months ago when you are a lot of the time to defeat get a few weeks and months ago when the first 5get a few weeks and months ago when you are a
Very slow to download app it just keeps saying installing for 15 mins now.
It's nothing compared to the Google home but it's a fantastic addition to my assistant family!
I couldnt get alexa to respond. Unsure if she could hear me
I just came to play Skyrim: A very special edition. Fus-Ro-dha
The app is very well designed but it is really slow and laggy..... Even when the network is really good.
Can't log in, enable cookies error. Cookies already enabled, uninstalled and reinstalled. Still not working.
I don't want this app on my tablet. I refuse to use it. I am angry that I can't get rid of it
I don't want Alexa on my devices, EVER! Stop trying to force it on me!
Switched to a new wifi connection and it won't reconnect. Tried countless times. I give up....
The setup of alexa is always annoying, the team that coded the app need to be shot.
Guess my phone is an unsupported playback device? Not sure what the point of this is just for my mobile...
Doesnt work, settings are totally ignored, and anything outside USA or UK are useless
Horrible app....moved heaven and earth and cannot make this download to save my life!
It's a little annoying but at least I can type things fast
I hope it is not me but!!! the app did not work my alexa still does not talk to me
I dont like it cause it tells u that u have to buy music and otheir stuff
Just bought this and have to say wont connect to wifi. What a waste. Returning it tomorrow
Biggest waste of money...ever. App would not open on any of my android devices.
Type a letter in this app and it take 5 minutes for it to show up. Totally unusable
This app is supposed to have Alexa built in but there's no real way to use Alexa with it you can connect it to an Alexa device But ultimately this is a horrible app and no one should ever use it.
Very difficult to try to select music for play on my echo through this app.
Really unresponsive. Crashes all rhe time. Do NOT download.
it doesn't work, extremely slow and buggy I can't even use my eco
Extremely slow. Devices disconnect and were registered as lost or stolen, whike i was at home...
The app resets itseLf and won't let me enter my credentials
I think its dumb i cant even download the app they suck
The app is too memory hungry and cannot be moved to an external memory card.
I upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S9, and now this app does not work!! Fix it please!
App won't download properly and keeps crashing. Customer support was no help.
This app sucks on Android. Freezes and crashes constantly. Can't get anything to work.
Dont care for alexa wish i wasnt taking up space on my kindle
It is the worst assistant Google is far better than Alexa ALEXA IS A DUMBASS
Quit working and I can't access my Alexa
Can't get app to install... Have tried everything in the troubleshooting guide. Means I can't operate my smart home from my new mobile!
This just randomly installed itself on my device. Shame on Amazon!
I don't want Alexa on my device I should be able to uninstall it fully if I could give 0 stars I would I got this kindle for games only I've got an iPhone which I love
Destiny 2 ghost. Please add this to devices to connect with. This is so frustrating
Will not open when I enter password. Horrible expeiance from a company that I Should be able to trust!
Why can't I connect my Echo Show? Why? Why? Why? I'm stuck with an overpriced brick if I can't get this garbage to work thanks alot Amazon love you to death.
Hate it, every other AI is more useful than this piece of trash
Its very big in size, but Google Assistant comes with only 30 MB due to its main app. So you have to do better, So i uninstalling it. Google Assistant is the best.
Its very useful. Its just like Google Assistant. Umm I just love it
Can't reconnect my Echo dot, app keeps crashing. Billion dollar company can't get an app that works.
Every useful we can also make a call
For some reason it won't let me sign into my account the app keeps freezing and restarting
The reason why I hate it is because... T H I S A P P M A Y N O T B E O P T I M I Z E D F O R Y O U R D E V I C E (I have a fire)
I can't make calls after connection with my echo dot a day I really do need to make calls
Does not load. Just 3 dots blinking foreeeeeevvveerrr......
We can get the money from the other side is the only one Thanks
VERY NICE & EXCELLENT 100% CORRECT SERVICE USEFUL TO EVERYBODY.
I hate it never works for me I should of sticked with buying a ps4
Help I am unable to find Skyrim in the skills section
b"Error 505 that's all it ever says when I try to download ??"
It's okay, however with google home you can ask any question and it'll tell you that answer but Alexa can't tell me that much meaning I have to Google it from my phone anyways ://
Alexa can't answer 99% of my questions... good for playing music
I CAN'T EVEN Do ANYTHING TO MAKE MY ALEXA WORK. U NEED TO PUT A PROPER UPDATE ON THE THING
Does not work, main page is loading content forever.
It doesn't work, can't even connect my echo with the wifi
Can not log in. App keeps crashing at login screen.
Keeps freezing up, I can't get into it, app sucks
Unable to install the app. Will try again another day
Alexa is so retarted that I put her in a junk yard.
Couldn't get the app to start past Amazon login; seems to freeze at the three dots after logging in. Nokia 3.1, Android Oreo 8.0.0
This app doesn't work getting 505 error code
Very complicated app... could not connect to mobile Hot spot
Cannot install no matter what I try. Error 505.
It's rubbish it would not even let me download
This piece of shi t wont-work with my Eco show
Third rate App don't download and waste your time
Works great but setting up new wifi passwords is a NIGHTMARE - wont reconnect, wont say why, and the help section does little to assist
Like it but can be dumb at times need to speak up
Doesn't wait for command and it's just a "plastic box" if you're not connected to wifi... No offline commands.... Alexa calling is not available in India.
Very bad app you have a amazon device for using it
I might like so i could have to ask anything
Stupid app useless not better than google assistant
Sure wish you'd update the Audible app so that you could select chapters, make bookmarks and clips like the actual Audible app. I'd improve my rating if that happened.
Totally useless. Crashes and can't be used at all. Zero stars
App host is UK.. no access to Canadian skills Hate.
I am unable to download this app as it just says download pending
To long to download, instructions not clear enough.
Doesn't work, it just shows three blue dots.
Having issues with the app and getting to settings, it keeps freezing
Annoying as he'll and used up memory when it shouldnt
Can't even get my echo set up I follow the instructions then it says having trouble connecting to the internet should be way easier to set up
Can't get the app to work on my note 5.
Amazon Alexei Assistance does not work well.
Keeps crashing and pain to work with and add or modify skills
I had to uninstall and re install...app stopped working
Froze every time I hit sogn in..... No use at all.
Music is not identified properly , app is not user friendly
This b***h of a app is bad it didn't even work
This app is very worst app please anybody not download this app
Had to uninstall it on Nexus 7. Not running, it was using 4 times as much battery as screen. First time my battery has completely run down.
Had a lot of difficulty hooking device up to WiFi
b"I was having prblm 2 cnnct wth amazon 44a but soon it started wrkng that's y i have rated with 3 strs!??"
Since the new update my alexa hasn't been able to connect to my Wi-Fi I've tried all the trouble shooting ideas thay was sent to me via 'help command' absolute sweet f.a everything else works ie fire stick, phone ECT.. Not impressed one bit!!
I have dislike because all have dislike but I like it
Alexa not supports Dishtv waste of money waste of time..
b'This is so sad. Alexa, play despacito ??'
I hate it.Ever since I download it,it never open
It works okay.......ish.... It could have some better improvements though. For example, when you say a command, Alexa does not reply.
b'Alaxa play despasito Alaxa play despasito alaxa sad ?????????? played pewdipies despacito alexxxaaaa'
Freezes up, can't connect to echo dot
Tried it out, and very slow and unresponsive
Show Mode doesn't auto rotate so it's upside down on my Fire HD8 for the case I use, making Show Mode unusable.
I think it would be nice to use if the app didn't freeze everytime I tried to put my information into the log in screen.
Don't use this app for your to do lists!!!!!! They just randomly disappear
OK I liked the app but I was really disappointed because I can't use a normal light to control please fix it
IT DELETED ALL MY CONTACTS IN PHONE WHEN SETTING UP MY GRANDPARENTS ECHO.
Please add ability to set sleep timer for smart home devices. For example Alexa turn off Ac after 20 mins.
My ipad can't find Amazon-AAA to set up the alexa echo. The dot works at the office but not at my apartment.
I want to use it but it keeps crashing.
Just useless. Like the Amazon music app
IF ONLY ANDROID WOULD RESPECT R DECISIONS TO INSTALL AND USE THE APPS WE WANT LIKE APPLE
I can't get the app to successfully install
Would not let me control the music.
Does not work when updating Wi-Fi
Organization is easier... I enjoy putting down schedule and having Alexa play it back for me.
My MB is waste so don't download
b"I really like this app this is a smart app and u can listen to music just say Alexa and she'll be there ??"
It's not kidding when it says "Always Listening"
This is so sad...Alexa play despacito 2.
Gives a enable cookies error, cookies are enabled!
Very confusing app beacuse of UI .... performance is poor..
Idjjdhenjssjjskdjjdjdi is getting chicken nuggets and furious with the weekends in to go some where but there letting me know 6th the weekends in out
b"I'm not able to install in Android 7.0??"
Galaxy note 3 , app crashes constantly can't even get amazon echo to connect to wifi , waste of time and £
It will not download and it just keeps saying download error
My weather date is incorrect! App is hateful!
Why do I have to hit the button?
I'm not sure why, but the app doesn't work in my galaxy s8+
This is so sad. Alexa, play Despacito.
Unable to connect to wifi and echo dot device
Not that good but it works I suppose
This is so sad Alexa play despacito
This is so sad alexa play despacito
Alexa is a good start, the app however freezes almost always once you enable a few skills
App won't install. Stuck at 100%
It's a good app but I feel like it's a bit plain and simple when Amazon are supposed to be the biggest company of all time!
This is craps and a waste of my time!
After recent update can no longer connect my echo dot 2ng gen. Plz fix lol
They're saying that my notification is blocked
App is so slow to load.. expect better from Amazon.
App works fine till you login, then it freezes and doesn't do anything anymore.
It wouldn't connect, it was constantly loading and I couldn't do anything with the app.
I want to talk to family and friends.
b'Trying to use with harmony hub. However Alexa is working the remote backwards off is on and on is off. But via harmony app it controls sky box ??'
Please reduce the app size because the most 5.O android devices has 1Gb Ram and 8 Gb Rom.
They need to get deezer playlists accessible and not just Spotify... Come on guys and make Spotify more easier to multiroom and Audible too!!!
Stuck after entering login details.
I don't know everything about this phone
I think this thing night help
Not as good as Google home mini.
I can't sign up because you're not sending my confirmation code on my line. I'd like if I received the confirmation
Very good. Plays depacito when sad.
Won't let me down load on my p20 pro so bought an Alexa dot I now can't use.
Keeps hanging doesn't do anything
Haven't had a chance to use it yet
Better than yelling at echos but still very poorly done
Tried downloading twice.. Didn't work
App doesn't even work at all
Worked fine until a month ago. Now it doesn't load and can't even set an alarm. Amazon please fix the app. This is BS.
The app won't even load past the three dots. Have tried reinstalling app, still not working. Pixel device.
b'Cannot install the app to set up my new echo dot, ridiculously poor. Sort it out Amazon!!! ??'
I really like how you dont have to have an echo to yse it.In sire it will work great when I get my echo soon though
It take a long time
Very entertaining and useful. I love the music feature
This was okay, but I barely ever used it and it took up a lot of space with all the updates.
I think that it is a very good app and which is used in our daily life. Finally I want thank who has made this app Thank You!!!
I cannot change my region. It does not allow me to play from most common apps like Spotify.
Just bought the Amazon Echo will be returning it to the shop tomorrow as it just will not connect to my phone what an absolute waste of money
Keeps saying Error Code 505
App freezes constantly and is difficult to navigate
I think So very bad
Worst app i have ever seen
It is not good to receive command
Not better then Google assistant
It is ok but a little boring
Why it is 100mb. Crashes very often.
Update for apps sucks interface sux
So slow to load any pages
Omg it helps alot with my alexa
Alexa this is so sad play despacito
Abusive rapey crossed the creepy line
The app keeps crashing repeatedly
Getting it pair with a Bluetooth speaker is a nightmare
After update doesn't work.
b"It's really not working for me, I would rather go and buy the original one??"
very heavy app.. slowed my phone..
It won't let me download it anymore I had to reset my phone and now it will not let me download it again
I use it to adjust how my echo dot reacts to my commands. Does what it says it it should do. I like it n recommend it!!
My echo dot won't even hook up to the Internet and I have no idea why. I can't even use this. Pkeaee fix.
I have been trying to install the app on my phone and all it does is say. Download pending.
the problem is only with Wi-Fi..
Good, very helpful. Only problem is slow to load otherwise exceptional app.
I like this app bc I can listen to music when going to bed at night and I get to here all my favorite songs
App is not loading in pixel ..shows three dots ..how to fix it ? I feel Better buy Google home mini
Alexa is the best app I've ever had way better than stupid siri
Keep uninstalling it and it appears back.
Gtfo my device wasting my storage
I've been trying to download the app since yesterday and it's not downloading. It sucks
What's the point? I thought this was supposed to br the same Alexa that's on the Echo speakers. This does...... nothing
Well i have got a lock on my phone and it will not let me connect echo
Looks good Better than google... but it should have a feature like we could name it anything we want
Super glitchy, almost unusable
Omg I asked Alexa to charge my phone and to get me famous on this random app and it did it omg love this app
Alexa started to laugh :v
My app won't let me open my reminders. I have closed and refreshed multiple times.
b"It's great if you're the type of person who forgets easily... . ????????????"
Alexa is cool great and soon I hope it can talk in local Indian languages
I don't use it or want it, but can't keep it from reinstalling on my Fire 8HD!?
Can't login, asking to enable browser cookies but that is already enable. Sucks
Would probably give a better review if I could actually install the damn app
Gr8 app but a little confusing...
b'I have no problems whatsoever! Its easy to use. And connects properly. Thanks Amazon ????????'
Google is taking over my life
b'It is pretty good but it sometimes frustrates me and is also sometimes confusing. ??'
I think that there should be stuff like play 7 years on my laptop will its good
U should get this app so amazing and will make your life easier fast and well loved
b'This app is very useful and the gadget is a BoMb!! Its music quality is very much appreciated! Loved it.\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1'
Literally the only reason I downloaded this was to play Skyrim Very Special Edition.
Doesn't work at all.
Disgusting app. Very slow.
Another App Forced On Kindle Users. Cannot Uninstall It. One Star.
The newest update was using 21% of my battery and it won't uninstall. Fix this or let me uninstall it .
When setting it up it was impossible but when I used it works amazingly
Won't install on my LG G4. Tried resetting everything and still would not.
dumb she does nothing
It won't load...was waiting for 15 minutes to set up the eco dot...i might return
It made me cry
It laughs weird by itself
Kick out swara Bhaskar
Alexa app just keeps spinning at set up.can't do anything.
It dosent listen to me
Ummmmmm Itcan take alot
IT SUCKS REALLY BAD
I always talk with alexa
Alexa is so stupid lol
It is hopeless it is not useful
Does not respond ofyen
I don't want anything to do with this app and I can't get it off my tablet.
It always disconnects itself
app doesnt work
Always crashed in miui devices
To slow and worst UI
I don't want this app and can't uninstall or disable it.
Wow, making me Lazy...
It does not allow me to open it and use it for some reason
Can't even get it to download tried 6 times already nothing
Can I just ask anyone if this uses data when offline
it kept giving me notifs for no reason and literally downloaded itself
Download old version of Alexa through internet not use this one
the app is fantastic but please add more things like hindi language
When I bought my first Alexa I did not have to program it with an app I don't understand why with this echo dot I have to
So if you don't have a Alexa It's a free alexa
Has a lot of trouble identifying music, but besides that its great!!!
I only got it so I can hook Spotify up with alexa
Last update added vimeo to phone without asking.. wouldn't trust
Useful this is so great
Can't even download application.
It takes a long time to download it!!!!!
96MB? Sloppy coding.
I can't even use the app. It won't let me do anything.
b"Its really helpful, especially if you're feeling a bit lazy ????"
This app is so last year, I don't want this app on my device, it's boring.
Says cookies not enabled on my OnePlus while signing in.
Alexa set the mood XD SO FUNNY TRY IT
the baddst app i ever seen dont lose your data
Great app even better product but how do they expect us to get one for each room???
********* Worst i have never seen in the app
I like this robot I think Alexa and Siri could be friends
Omg! I asked alexa to give me some rare roast beef. She didn't! Like what the heck people....
This app is ever worst app
Yeah thanks for asking. I really think it sucks. Take it somewhere else.
Really seems like it can never find the music I like.
Can't connect echo show not even showing up on app
I can't use the app...I can't even open it even in the Amazon fire 7 tablet
I like this app l l ick to much
b'I love this app. It makes using the Alexa so much easier ??????'
Worst thing ever.
It is working fine but it is crashing on MiUi. Please check.
Hsyshwywh sorry my month old baby sis
It always open amazon appstore for apps asked
I downloaded this Just for Skyrim special edition. Lol
I did it just for the Skyrim Very Special Edition
Now I can do the skyrim feature on the go
Ajinkya bomshete call me when you get a chance
Downloaded the app but it's not installed on my device
Ye mobile data se kyun nahi chal Sakta ?
Please alao add Device to App drop-in feature
It didn't work
Very good app just ask anything
I dropped my hot pocket
I think its a great app you get all the games and a less than all the apps
Wow when I said 'alexa turn of the light' she did it
It won't work
It won't even let me download the app
cant set up nothing. always connection time up
Can't add new routines even after the update.
Yes it's good but not as good as Google assistance or Siri
I don't know
No live FM radio, App must improve
It's really OK but I will uninstall
I don't know
Great! I could even do stuff like shut off the lights! Lol.
That this app should be installed more. FFFFAAAAASSSSSSTTTTTTT
It will not take in my wifi
I got an echo dot and i hope it works
Derp garnish is my favourite thing in the world!!
I am getting closer to the digital world
People are alea tallging about it so i will get it
This is not getting installed on my phone
Sirraa app aa veera must download it
Can i use this app without alexa divice
Only downloading for Skyrim very special edition
Welp I m just here for freemurdoc
It has very special kind of Skyrim
I cant do anything it wont load
It should be good in such a big amount of mbs.
Can you make a amazon echo app
Hi it's ok but need a alexa to have it
b'PRIVACY INVASIVE ALERT \xe2\x98\xa3\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x9a\xa0\xef\xb8\x8f??\xe2\x9a\xa0\xef\xb8\x8f??\xe2\x9a\xa0\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x98\xa2\xef\xb8\x8f??\xe2\x98\xa3\xef\xb8\x8f??\xe2\x9a\xa0\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'Really good and love having a friend to talk to when I need help....??????\xef\xb8\x8f'
Super app you all must download this app
Lemme play a blind man's version of skyrim
I wish I didn't include Internet thanks
Won't even install on my LG phone!
App won"t open. Three dots of unproductivity, that's it.
If you didn't no Alexa is a robot
b"Fun to mess with my family by changing their alexa's settings??????"
I can play skyrim on mobile!
Great. Easy to use and haven't had a problem
It won't let me download the app
I can't connect to my Eco dot
Good I liked it works with my Alexa well took a loooong time to download
O ya this is the awesome voice recogniger and come on to very fast find this is glamrous gadet
Good works well only need it for setting up but iwpuld recomend to keep
Woow it's not only useful but creatively
I don't know how to.use it and I cannot connect the the Alfa.and it turns red.
Now i can listen despacito!Yes!
Does not send code for mesaging
I love the eco dot because it shuts off my lights and i love playing music
Just a piece of plastic without wifi
For a mandatory app it is too large
I have a Samsung and I'm downloading apps to make it like a I fhone x and this is a grate peace of it
It needsa A amazon app
There is no custom alarm music
Tell us what do you think
This spies on me in my home
Why alexa don't tolk with other languages, please fixed the problem.
It took sooooooooooooo long to download
I can ask anything from Alexa
To go to my name is joe
Not working on my s7 edge
I Ike thi sc alo
Cannot download the app at all
I want a free ps4 goftcard
Couldn't even install the crappie app
Written by children from the 1800's, no concept of ui or programming, way to go idiots
No download not enough mb
Its difficult to use...
Mindblowing app but it doesn't appear on home screen can anyone help
I love the app it was so quick and easy to do there's nothing better
It is gud but It is not installing
Love My Music love my to do list Great for weather, Stellar
App crashed...pathetic
It doesn't let me download it
I don't want this app to be installed.
Good but I want to make Alexa translate into Hindi but there is not Hindi
Free Free app=free Amazon spot
I think it's good but it doesn't do much but Alexa dose so...
I am not sure a im not sure
It's sensors are working well.so much nice app. I love it very much
It's so easy I'm 12 and I set up 2 in 5 mins
Not working won't set up
Can't even log on. Keeps cradhing
You need wi-fi and i dont have that now im sad :(
It won't let me get it
The best thing is it can play music
Am still trying to get use to it.but aye. It's seems cool.xx
Doesn't install what it was supposed to do.
App won't open on Android 7. Uninstalled.
You don't need wi fi
Don't force me to have your junk on something that I paid for.
In haven't tried it but I have given it a good rewiew anyway
I love Amazon Alexa greatest thing ever yummy
Couldn't answer my questions
I did not try but what u guys said ok I'll give it a try
I'm just downloading this app
I can't even get the app to open, just spins stupid!!
Installed the app and it asks me to enable cookies which are already enabled on my phone
Such apps are updating us !!!
I love this app its named after me my name is alexa
Can't even download the app
Don't want this on my fire
I don't have words for this
Wow once again!
Omae wa mou shindeiru
EPIC AND IT WORKS
I think i can make it
Did you her the news
Poli apppa dowload aakiko
Will it works on my j7
Dekho dekhte havai hatahi
Cannot download the app
The best app in the universe by Amazon and nothing can compare this app and amazon echo
This App works well
Looking like amazon echo
It made me log in
This is very poor apk
How do you log in
Won't play KLOVE anymore
I wet my bed
App will not load
Thank you Amazon for this app
Hey Alexa plan Despacito
Trying to figure 0ut app
Will block connection with echo
Can we play despacito
Little wyze cam support
Unable to get this to work
I can't install this app
Very hard to connect to Dots when in hotels...
Alexa Is My frvorite
Very unusefull app do not download this app this will harm your device
Alwsøme thing had
It is always freezing
This is so bad
Basically pointless in Ireland
I HATE IT
Google Home is better in many ways. A good alternative though
It is very bad
Not identify music
Unable to connect echo
Wont even work
Unable to activate the app
The app won't install
Awesome app it fells that we carying amazon echo with ourself only.
Very bad aap
It keeps crashing
Not a good app
oi shut up
Not so good
I can't open the app
Unable to download app
It is bad Yes
Not properly working
I hate you
Alexa this is so sad
Dont like alexa
Very slow about downloading
Crashes too often
I bought Alexa with my expectations......it's not connecting.......now what should I do...
It does everything! Find my phone, weather, messaging love it
It's a great app thanks amazon for creating new apps for us
I can't get the app
I don't want it!!! Can't uninstall it !!!! I don't like it!! I'm forced to have this app on my device!!!
I can't set it up
Downloads then won't open ... Android 8
Can u play Skyrim with this?
I have not even open it so I don't know if it's good..
i love alexa whats there not to love?
It's okay I mean there's nothing really wrong with the app.
Whatever. Bezos is this decades Gates.
I can't even install it!!!!
Um...I downloaded alexa just for Skyrim...
This app is amazing she can play all my jams
It is very helpful when I need to get a hold of my mother
Good app gor order and it never takr e unnessary time
This is great finally i can play despasito 5 on my alexa
What the heck google assistant take less space then you
This app is great my Alexa text play music and more
This has changed my life. Period.
Its good but there are some skills i cant enable
It works well!! :D
Why doesn't this installs
thanks amazon!
Christopher. Is aswome
Can't get it installed
Wish i could delete it.
Can't download the app
Alexa: Playing DesPaciTo
Love it for my son! He just loves Alexa overall
It's still installing
Looks like I picked another. Good one I like the performance of the app.
Hey devs, please consider making this app compatible with Chromebook
It amazon app I loved it and useful app I will tell anybody
It Plays Despacito 2..
Awsommmmmmme it's for ANDROID!!!
Can't even install keep getting error code 505
Why it has given 3.5 stars only ? It deserves 5
Awesome since I can't afford to get a real one
Best It's better.very good.i may fun with alexa. Simple in use.
It would be awesome if I could install the app.
Playing it for Skyrim!
Just want to play Skyrim but it won't let me
It Sucks !!!
Very good app for users u can download it's nice
Nice that have an elexa to try it
I have an echo.
Doesn't work
Alexa, for 5 stars, give me the winning lotto numbers!
I love asking Alexa things
I love alexa so much she does it all.
b'Takes up way too much Storage Space!??????'
It's a Best application and commandeabl performance is very best.
So good I am proud my Alexa is great
Alexa is a great app so you can stay happy
This app works really well it never malfunctioned at all
it could be better because it often doesnt connect to wifi
It is a good example of how the world is working these days with technology
This is a really good app and program I love Alexa
Won't work
We love Alexia. She's a part of our family now.
Www tttt fff
FUS RO DAH
Don't know
I'm not sure
It's just OK
Don't no yet
It was my ho
Needs more context
It pisens to comand
It is use full
Easily paired with my Samsung phone and my blue tooth speakers
Helps with my echo
Will not download
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT
It wont download
Interest and I like it
Am Spich less
G r eat
Sonog song ON
Salon ghatia game
I like that proudect
I Iove this app
To easy to use and fast download everything is super duper fast
I have a Alexa
Thank you Alexa
Iski ma ki
Lol not me
Thanks for keeping this app
Is there pikachu
Amazon alexa is aamazing
The alexas suck
Not connecting to hotspot
Thank you Amazon
I like this app
am I a dog
I think it is very much best because it is very helpful to us
I like Alexa
Hhhhhhhh To be the first
i didnt try it
Thanks for lunch the app
Lagit and knarli bro
Alexa play despacito
Semma apps DOWNLOAD it
Need improvement in ai
Really use full
Will not connect
Improvement in bug fixes
Won't download...shows pending
Improve some features
Alexa play despacito
Emann Bhaal Kwaa
alexa play despacito
This app is amsone
I like this app
Thanks for playing despacito
Thank you alexa
This is like a device
It needs inprovments
It helps me
It was great and useful
Alexa is fun to mess with
Awesome it knowes evry thing
b"I think it's a ........great thing for dance partys!!!??????????\xe2\x98\xba????"
Great assistant to keep one on top of the pack everyday.
It doesn't work better than Google assistant
I think that you need more money for this life of yours, OKAY?, OKAY?, okay?
It a good app. For the disabled may be it is useful
I don't have amazon and it watching everyone losers
Hi Amazon,Alexa is a very cool and unique game
Wow!
This app really helps me and how busy i can be!!
97MB size app?? Lol
Not any close to as siri very difficult to us
Awesome and Btw Alexa is way better than Siri
It's a amazing app It makes my work easy
I think that Alexis is cool so yeah apples
Guys pls install this app its sooo nice
Requires an account.
I also have the Alexa Kindle so this is awesome
I love this app thank you very much
Don't be mean to it
I think we should be glad to have Alexa
Piece of bantha dung...
b'Ilove this app ??'
b'Booooo!!!??'
Why did people give like 3 stars?
Easy to use. Helpful reminders. Speaker works very well.
Won't install.
ALEXA IS GOOD AND IT LOVABLE APP IT GOOD
It is very entertaining and useful app. I love it.
Siri vs. Alexa
App dosent load, f*** amazon google is the best
Thank you for making more broadly available.
Bought for wife and then sis. They love them.
I love the app you can do whatever you want!!!!
Needs to have the same exact features as the US Alexa...
Nice, I use this with my Echo Spot.
They should have a display on the next-generation
It's alright
b'Bus hiker ??'
Sucks, adds
It's far better than google assistant
Alexa is the coolest thing ever!!!!!!
It's baller
b'Awesome best app I have ever download ????'
I think it is a good idea to have this app.
It's kinda better than the real one
I really love it it is very very good and useful.
[[Ohhhhhhhhhhhh yyyyaaaahhhhh
Can't connect to my fire TV.....
It's geart
It's asome
Wooooooow!!!!
Sucks cock
Arf ruuf translation: (Really Good!)
It's a good good day I highly recommend it
Amazon best way to connect with your echo
I love the app its really cool
It awesome Her rap is good LMFAO
It's ok but very nice app
I love it so much install this app
It's okay
Why will it not call the police for me
I seems that this is the greatest app of the whole world
Nice app better than Google Assistant
This app does work without alexa
I love pls try echo dot
You can do so much fun with this
Lack of follow on mode in uk major disappointment
Ok but I prefer Google assistant
Nice app as I want for my tab
R*ndi son
Inventor of this gadgets are feel proud on them self
Alexa look up Chad wild clay
It's okay
It's funn
I think is cool then other alexa
I dont think because i dont have brain
It's gay
Buy one.
Can't even install it (error 905)
It's kinda addictive as it supports echo
It's sooooooooooooooo helpful around the house
It's ok
Any how google assistant is the best one.
It's ok
It's ok
Nc one.
It's amazing it's part of my daily routine! !!
It is a great app that works perfectly.
Awesome!! I use it for my echo
Absolutely rubbish
This app is helpful in some regions.
I'm experience with eco dot is cool
I think it's very nice to use.
Great app. Can play Despacito. 10/10
Very useful and cool
It's good. I love Echo. Setup is okay.
Awesomme so better than Google's
I really liked this app most.
Nice easy to use
It won't download and its poo
It is very useful
#love it Living like Alexa Jk
b'Cool app?? :a also very useful'
I love Alexa! So handy!
It is the best thing
Can't be uninstalled....
Best thing ever
Very good device. Must buy
b"It's good????Cool?? ?????? ?? ???? ?? ????Great! ?? ??"
I like this app....
Downloaded for skyrim
free skyrim
This app is awsome and so helpful
I think its gonna be great
Best app helps so much
It plays my favorite artist
It is an excellent app with amazing features
Ok but thought it would be better
Great i use it for my echo dot
I think it is a very good app
Great does almost everything for you
This app is very important and great
The best bot in the whole world
Perfect app for information purposes ok
I gotta say this is a good app
Better buy Google home mini
IT'S VERY EASY TO USE
Cry good
Amazing app Proved by lilpump himself
Will not download error 505
It is a very super and useful app
Really good but loads of ads
I am glad to have this app
Alexa is my new love!
I love my Alexa!
AI is powerful a tool. #henceproved
Create app
Grate for me
Piece of wow
Nyc features
Ig so
It is alsome
Too limited
Not Shure
Up up
alexa is with the cia
Amazon madarchoda
Joss Armstrong
It sucks
It sucks
Super swag
I so
Your speaking
In ce
bad app
By buy
Hi lol
It sucks
Dick in asses
On cellular
I like it
Just ask
Very majedar
Very goog
Wow aop
Nice1 alexa
Too good. :)
Installed and used
Worsted app
I like it
No comment
Faq app
It sucks
Eg based
Super app
I like it
I like it
Medium app
Hey man
I like it
Alexa is v.v.v.good
POS app
It is super
I like it
Not support
Play Despacito
b'\xe1\x8a\xaa\xe1\x88\xaai\xe1\x88\xb0\xe1\x89\xb2a'
Bahut Accha
Hii ra
Only in English
Ok fggghhggga
Not sure
Play despacito
Thanks for this app
All are well
Okay okay
Hey siri
Hello Moto
Kind of cumf
Play despacito
So so
Can't even download the thing.
This is useful
I love you Daisy!!
Pathetic !
Fantastic product! No doubt!
It's cool and fun and enjoyment
This so rely works good ..
Life. Partner for single people
Nice performance,perfectly made
it's better to talk to te wall
Bad work
I love it and it actually work's
Very helpful in everyday life.
Buggy and Terrible
Keeps freezing
Never works
Unable to load
I hate it
It is the bomb
Privacy invasive
Load of rubbish
Too slow
bad app
Bad app
Issues with performance
Worst app
Suck i hate it
This is stupid
To slow
Totally foolishness
Youll are idiots
Kills battery
The worst
It's so helpful awesome
It's very useful to us
I love it. It the best
It's best app for all
It works with Alexa perfectly!!!
It's so amazing to use!!!
So good i love love love it so much
It is the best. app. ever!
It's cool trust me
Great video calls
Alexa echo is awesome!
I love Alexa!
It is good for my phone
It was excellent thank you
Good god loves me
I love it so much
Alexa is great thanks Amazon
Nice app work properly
It the best search app
This app is really nice
A great voice assistant
ALEXA APP WAS INCREDIBLE
It is good it help a lot
Ewelink skill not for India
awesome thanks for making this app
wow this is very good app
I think it is very good
AMAZING quality I loved it
Its so nice apppp
It is very easy to use
Great app work properly
Perfectionism.
In one word awesome
That is so awesome in life
Best echo dot app
I think this is great app
Need to improve but nice
I love it its easy
This app is very useful
Better than the real echo
I am happy with this app
I love this app alexa
Why is it so big? Nearly 100MB...
Alexa my best friend
I love it do you
This is very good aap
It is good assistant apps
The best app ever
I like it pretty well
Good but not enough
Good app for Android phone
This app is very wonderful
I love stuf like this
It's the best app ever
I love you @Alexa.
It's great that's what I heard
Helpful with depression
b'I ?? it'
Very very very nice aap
:f of
b'Its jzzzt osm\xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f luv this app'
b'Its ??'
Good times for everyone.
It is very very very very good condition.
Can't download it useless
Like i said i love it.
Alexa is very helpful.
Good for home. Use
Very helpful to me.
What's a app great
b'I love thissssss ??'
I loved this app.
I think it's cool
b'nice app superb ??'
It's working good
It's a great app
b'I love this app ??'
I love this App.
It's just amazing
b"It's ??"
ANDROIDS THE BEST
It's very good
Drop in feature is awesome :)
I love it <3
I. like. this. app. so. much. it's. my. favorite. now. really. like its. so. much.
It's so cool
b'Alexa is such an amazing app because there are so many lazy people in this world. And Alexa does the work for them.??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????'
Outstanding,superb,fantastic
So cool!
It is good!
Yes
Marvelous baby!
Liked Thanks!
Amazing assistant!
Best thing
Ok.
Best thing
Hit is a good app
b'Amazing Great ????'
Muda muda muda muda muda muda
This app is great!!!!!
"clank" nice
I feel good
I love it to good
It is so good
It is a cool app
Its a good app
I love Alexa
Got it this morning love it
I think it was good
Great voice service
This app is good
Awesome like alexa
Useful and I luv it
Wow nice app
ITS SO HELPFUL
Very nice app
This app is awesome
It is good app
I Love It
Very good alexa
I should be simpler
It is very excellent
its pretty good
App is great and i love it
It is very nice
Its a great appp
This is a great aap
Just do it better
She is so cool
It is a good app
Super Duper App
I Love Alexa
Necessary for amazon alexa
I love the app
I love this app
I really like it
It was very good
Very good app
Nice sound catch
Like it very helpful
Very nice app
Love useing this app
This app is awesome
Not a bad app
Very good app
The app is awesome
Very well designed
Very good and nice
This application is awesome
It is a good app
Good better best
This is nice application
So good to say
Very good app
Very nice app
Great app Lol
Best and interesting app
best for echo dot
It is quiet good
Awsome so good
This app is awesome
Best app in playstore
It is a good app
Thank you sweetie
alexa is very good
It is too good
Best app evet
Very good app
Better app 39
Very good app
It is a good app
Its really helpful
Very nice workings
Love it so much
Works pretty well
I love alexa
Is a good app
Very useful
It's Great !!!!
It's awesome.
Great developer!!!
Garbo
Meh
Ok
Co
Yup
Grrr
Find
Lol
Ygggh
Grate
Lol
Hi
Col
Ok
Like it
Lol
Like it
Thik
Superbo
Heplful
Wicked
Kirby
Suppppppppperrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Hi
Cia
Hi
Ok
NO
Wowo
Have this
No
NOICE
OK
Gut
Osm
Ap
Lun
A
Osm
SUXX
it is amezing
Hi
Buggy
Idk
Sonu
is OK
Jjj
Lol
Yeah
Hi
Asome
b'\xe0\xae\x9a\xe0\xaf\x82\xe0\xae\xaa\xe0\xaf\x8d\xe0\xae\xaa\xe0\xae\xb0\xe0\xaf\x8d'
Opop
Dddddd
Hi
Super
Ilu
Yo
Gjjjjjjjjjjbbbbbbnb
Music
Hi
Bakvash
Meh
Thanks
Gay
Hi
Poop
FFF
Çcccccccoooooooooolllllllllllllll
Gg
Bhkkkkk
ok
Katil
Duck
Help
gd
Try it
Super
Uh
Gga
God
Nyc
No
Wooohoooo
Ohio
Noice
Average
Bluetooth
Super
Idk
Ehh
Sucks
Oo
Bed
Super
Nothing
Awesomeeee
Ok
Despacito
Booyaa
Amezing
Hi
Like it
Yes
Nic
Osmm
Super
Ok
Thanks
Faltu
Noice
Wow
Ok
Super
Wow
Nyce
Remove
Thanks
Osm
Gud
No
Goooooooooooooey
Sucks
yes
Noo
Ju
Tung
Wowsome
Pi
Offf
Like
Ok
it's good sike
Nice to use it.
It's amazing
It's awesome
It's awesome
It's awesome
It's awesome
It's amazing
It's amazing
It's the best
It's the best
It's awsome
b"It's A Very Outstanding Awesome Fantastic App For My Android Cricket CellPhone!!!!??????????????????????????????????????????????"
It is cool.
It's great
b'??????????'
It's great
It's great
It's good
It's good
It's good
It's cool
It's good
b'Love it LOL????????'
It's good
Alexa is awesome!!!!
It's easy
b'cool app\xe2\x9d\xa4'
It's good
b'????????loved the app. Super'
b'just????????'
Sux....!
b'Poop ??????????????'
b'Wow????????'
Good!!
Great!
Love it!
Junk...
b'?? ?? Awesome'
b'I loved it \xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4'
Love it!!
GENIUS MR.MCMACITOSH COPYRIGHT!!!!!!!!!
b'????'
Jst asm luv it :-) :-)
Great !!!
Nice... Useful
Sweet... Must have...
b'??'
b'??'
Pretty good
Just great
Yay it is awesome
I love it
Its amazing
I loved it
Ql Amazing
Love the app
Very useful
Love it Nice
Its amazing
Very impressive
Loved ut
It good
It is amazing
So good
Nice app
Love this one
Amazon amazing
Love Alexis
Cool app
It is amazing
Is is awesome
Good to go....
Cool app
It is amazing
Nice app
Awesome app
Seriously awesome
The best
Ware good
Best app
Nice app
Best app
Best app
Good app
Cool app
Best app
Nice app
Pretty GOod
Its great
Nice app
Great app
Great app
Best app
Great App
It is awesome
THE BEST
THE BEST
Its good
Looking good
Nmvery good
Nice app
Its good
Is good
Very good
Great Al
Good app
Not bad
Nice app
I love it
Great yaar
very good
Good and as assistant
Very good
Its excellent
Nice app
Amazing grace
I LOVE it
I love it
This is great
Easy peasy
Good assistant
Im in love
Good App
Good good
Wonderful app
Love it Ya
good mate
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa it was good
Good app
Nice app
Nice app
Nice app
Good app
Very nice
Very good
Super cool
Helpful and funny
Its good
Very nice
Useful app
Good app
awesome app
Helpful thx
Good App
This is good
It good
It is great
Excellent app
I loved it
Love alexa
Very good
Pretty cool
I love this
I love it
It is good
It awesome
Very nice
Good luck
Really good
Nice app
Very nice
Alexa is the best
Its amazing
Cool creation
Amazing Alexa
Great app
Awesome app
It is cool
Good product
Good Nice
Nice app
This is awsome
Good functions
Great application
It is the best
Good think about it
Great invention
Nice job
Easy to use
Nice love it
Nice one
Love Alex
Awesome thanks
It is good
Its the best
It gooooooood
Wicked good
Best friend
I LOVE it
Very useful
This is good
I love it
Soon Good
Its GOOD
Very good
Its good
Nice app
Very nice
Love you
I love it
Nice app
Very good
Great app
Nice app
Love this app
Good app
Good to use
Good for Alexa
Awesome for echo
Its awesome
This is best
Good app
It amazing
It good
JUST love it
Nice app
GREAT CONTRACT
Very good
Nice to use
Nice app
Amazing app
It is amazing
Best app
b'Yaar waste of time he ,.....................................................................,,????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????\xe2\x8f\xb2\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x8f\xb2\xef\xb8\x8f????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????'
Useless
Lame
Dumb
Poopy
Bad
Bad
Stupid
Hatred
Hate it
Horrible
Nonsense
Terrible
Hate it
Poooooo
Terrible
Hate it
Crashed
Hate it
Stupid
Cold
Horrible
Harmful
Stupid
horrible
Bad
Nice app...
very very Good
Its.so cool
b'Love this app!!!!!??????????????'
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love it.
Amazing.
b'Great ??'
b'??????????????????????'
b'Cool??'
b'Good??'
Love it
Good
Good
FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
b'Nice ??????'
b'????????????'
b'Work well????????'
"Helpful"
Great...
b'????'
b'Love it ??????'
Good
Awesome
Love it
Graet
Great
Good
Good
Love it
Awesome
Awesome
Amazing
Easy
good
Helpful
Good
Love it
it good
Goooooood
Amazing
Love it
Good
Best
Good
Good
Good
Love
Amazing
Good
Awesome
Great
Awesomeness
Love it
Cool
Good
Good
Good
Cool
Superb
Good
Excellent
Awesome
Nicer
Good
Good
Fantastic
Good
Love it
AWESOME
Good
Love it
loveable
Freely
good
Cool
Excellent
Good
Good
Fun
good
Great
Good
Fun
Amazing
Good
Good
Nice
Love it
Amazing
Amazing
Best
Awesome
Good
Perfect
Better
Good
Good
Luv it
Amazing
Awesome
Good
AMAZING
Nice
Good
Awesomeness
Good
Nice
Awesome
Love it
Amazing
Love
Superb
Best
Amazing
Nice
Good
Love it
Love it
Nice
Good
Nice
Nice
Awesome
Awsum
Good
Good
Love it
Nice
Awesome
Good
Great
Niceeeeee
Good
Useful
Good
love it
Superb
Ultimate
Good
Cool
great
Good
Great
Best
Amazing
Good
Nice
Awesome
Useful
Good
Nice
awesome
Good
Good
Cool
Wonderfull
Love it
Awsome
Excellent
nice
Great
Nice
Good
Love it
Amazing
Great
Nice
good
Nice
Awesome
Amazing
Amazing
Excellent
Perfect
Love it
Superb
Cool
Amazing
Best
Good
Amazing
Cool
Great
Love it
Good
Helpful
Superb
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Awesome
Awesome
Great
Great
Good
Good
Love it
Awesome
Good
Amazing
Awsome
Good
Good Good
b'Bakvas useful ??????????????'
b'Love it its a great app love who ever made this game??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????'
b'Smart ????????'
I... ......Luv .............it
b'????????????????????'
b'??????????y??????????????????'
b'Ah..!??????????????????????'