I like that the interface looks pretty much identical to the thermostat. I hate that it's more reliable for me to use the Smartthings app to check and change the temperature because this app has about a 50/50 chance of hanging forever on the initial green splash screen. Force closing sometimes helps this and sometimes doesn't. Pixel 2 on Android 9.
The last update has issues..it freezes on the green screen and it keeps saying devices not available! It was working fine before the update!! Fix this problem please to get 5 stars
Update: I changed my password and the app continued to say "devices unavailable" for a few hours until I did some checking. I cleared my cache and it finally allowed me to relogin. If I hadn't done this, it would have continued to give me that error. Every day is another disappointment for this system. Sorry ecobee, but I'm going back to nest first chance I get. Disappointing... Moved over from Nest but regretting every minute of it. App is slow and takes forever to start up. There is no schedule feature, so I have to pick some comfort setting which is ridiculous. I also can't turn the house fan on a timer (i.e. just for an hour). Among other things, I'm now just using this to simply turn my furnace on and off. What a waste.
There isn't any automation work ecobee. It just runs a schedule. It really sucks with Geo location on! Geo location leaves persistent notification, why.... It also drops in and out of joke when I'm not even close. Why not use wifi instead of gps????????? Nest was less user work and much better app and automation.
Updated 10/22/2018- really nice app now. Only recommendation would be to indicate in some manner when there is a problem on ecobee server end so customers know issue not on their side.
~2 months ago this was a good app; forget it now. I will be steering my customers in a different direction. It has become to complicated to program.
Use to work, now it just says server error try again later. Can log in thru the website and everything works fine. What happened to the app?
Very basic. Desperately need widgets to sort the app.
Can't login anymore. Uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times. Used to work not any longer.
I only have one thermostat. Why do I have to choose that thermostat to get to the temperature setting. Was fine before the update. Please fix
issues range from corrupted schedules, poor interface design ,dropping wireless connections.
Now it's an extra step to go to the slider. Please revert back to how it was !!!
Good for setting schedule. Last update app always says no connection available.
Recent update seems to have broken the indication that the furnace is running at the moment.
Issues on android I have to unstall and re install alot
b'issues have been resolved. ??'
Not crazy for having to click twice to set/hold a new temperature.
b'Not working since last update ????'
Much improved! Keep up the good work!
Things have improved since the last few updates.
Love it !!!
Landing page shows you everything you want to know at a glance: sensor temperatures and which are being used, current set point, and mode. Charts are missing, so there's no way to know if any equipment has run in the past few hours and no temperature history.
There is a mistake in the paragraph in the comfort settings for the home and sleep categories; they both reference the away mode. This is the paragraph on top of the page from the sensor selection settings in the home and sleep categories. I believe this is only a typo and does not affect the functionality of the settings.
Ecobee app dev stopped - just marketing at this point. Mobile app still Missing all the charts website has. Basic Controls are several levels deep: Favorites bar that would help. Even the web site lacks features they promised years ago. Plus, monthly usage analysis is two month behind. Lazy company
Needs clearer, upfront instructions (1 page please) on how the smart thermostat acts. Why, because most people assume there is something defective, when it doesn't act like their old "dumb" thermostat.
Just started showing no connection all the time even though I have an internet connection it has been confirmed both on the phone and the thermostat. I think the server is having issues again.
This app is always having problems connection issues or server issues it sucks badly they need to make some serious changes
Love it, works great, also have the switch, also works great, customer support is outstanding-had I looked more I wouldn't have needed support but they were super nice anyway. :)
Pretty clear and simple, yet powerful. Happened to us few times when we needed to get the furnace going on our way home and this app worked every time!
The Ecobee app has been consistently improved. I really appreciate when a company is actively improving their product like this with meaningful software updates. The app is now responsive with the right density of information. It really adds to the value of the smart thermostat and remote sensor hardware.
Was a great app until the last update and now it won't load as many others have mentioned.
App doesn't work after last update, it just shows the opening green screen
Updates: 6 Oct 2018 An awesome product and app. Please minimize the number of updates...don't tinker with something that works.
Easy to use app... loses connection when you navigate away from the app and come back to it.
b"Doesn't work anymore after installation !\xe2\x98\xb9"
When I open the app I only get a green screen with the ecobee logo.
Constant server issues. Time to dig out the old Honeywell.
After recent update I cant change temperature - app does not work correctly. Please return two versions back.
Easy to use. Controls everything I need while away from home. Highly recommended.
Cant mute mic from app anymore. Please bring it back!!!
It's simple to use no problems.
Easy to use app..
Simple and easy to use but many times have to press the same button for selection to happen. Makes the otherwise simple program a pain to use. Using a Note 5 and even with the pen I have to press the same selection many times for app to respond. Update: considering the app useless as I just clicked the back on screen button 13 times and nothing happened! It would have eventually but this terrible performance is unacceptable.
I can't even log in. it worked for a little while and all I see is their website saying under construction. Once you're locked out you might as well throw away everything. My family is cooking in the house so I'm going back to an old system if I don't get it working soon
The device works well when it's connected to WiFi. The problem is it losses connection every day or so and I've done all I can to fix it. I've read online the thermostat has a built in power saving feature and that it's inaccessible to the user and that's the culprit. I reached out to ecobee but I didn't get help. I wouldn't recommend this thermostat. I should have went with a Nest.
It goes from the green load screen to a black screen. That's it nothing more. I've registered the thermostat. I have a Galaxy Note 8. I would give this a 0 but 1 is the lowest score possible. The thermostat itself is great. To bad there isn't as much effort either the app to get it to work. Seriously ecobee? Do you even read these reviews? It's now September 21, 2018 almost 3 months since I wrote the review. A new update came out today and still this is unusable. Do you even care?
Slider for temperature selecting is very inconsistent, and sometimes you'll get the desired temp. The schedule for picking times for the system is not accurate to the time you wish it always rounds to the nearest 1/2hr. Other then those issues it really is a good app, and great product. But time will tell if improvements get made.
Each and every single time the app updates (most recent as 9/19/2018) on BOTH of my Samsung (S8 & Note 8) phones... the app becomes useless. When I attempt to change the temp... the app just freezes and does nothing. It freezes to the point I have to force stop the app and it'll freeze over and over again while attempting to do the simplest thing i.e. changing temp. We've gone from functional appliances to "smart" home integrations that are complete opposite of smart and/or functional. I'm tired of this app issue occurring with every update so time to move to something else.
Geofence, which used to work for a couple weeks, decided to stop working. Neither turning it off for a few days nor significantly changing the radius helped. App has all necessary permissions, since it was working before. This was a very useful automation. Not anymore.
Please provide a setting to either choose to show the new homepage with the sensor info or go directly to the thermostat control page. Not liking the two step approach in the latest version!
Geofence still doesn't work. I just found out Nest has The Nest-E for $170. No as good of a screen but the same functionality. You can get temperature sensors with it and a working app. Goodbye Ecobee.
Once again, geo-fencing under v6.10.0.20 doesn't work. I'm also still not receiving geo-fence notifications. It's been over six months since ecobee broke the geo-fencing feature and they still haven't fixed it. Geo-fencing is the main reason to have the app on my phone. Once again ecobee has shown that they cannot be trusted to provide quality service or updates to their app. I won't be updating my tablet. I will be recommending to everyone to avoid ecobee until they fix their app, including geo-fencing and geo-fence notification. ecobee, when will you get out of your cranial rectal inversion and fix your app? Or bring back the old app that actually worked.
Once again they took away the ability to log directly in to your Thermostat. Now there is an extra step and it's extremely annoying! I'll uninstall the app until they fix this.
Changed app sucks! It WAS nice to have the app looking the same as the device. Today I opened the app and it is not displaying humidity anymore (why?). New versions are supposed to improve on the experience ... Dumb
Omg. Just got sensors (primarily for baby's room) and a couple days later they updated the app so sensors appear on home page. Perfect! Just too bad they're pairing with Alexa. We're a GHome family.
App was rock solid for years but recent updates killed the app and broke smartthings integration. Now I'm stuck on a green loading screen.
Thermostat is gone after last update. Seems ecobee has been gone to hell over the last 12 months, going to start looking for a different thermostat if this isn't resolved quickly.
Geofence not working again. Emailed and got call back and they act like I'm the only one. I can read these reviews; maybe they should. So frustrating.
Hate the new version of the app that updated 9/14/18. Just take me straight to the screen to control settings on my thermostat. Why are these developers constantly changing things that don't need changing?
I don't have any sensors, why add an extra step just to adjust the temperature. Please revert back or provide an option to go directly to the temperature setting screen.
I don't like the new look after the recent update. At least give the user the option of changing the layout. I prefer the previous version without all the sensor info on the main page that opens when you start the app. This new look just adds an extra step to get to where I need to go. Please provide the option of changing the landing page layout.
Was working great up until 10/4/18. Now I can't log in because it's stuck on the green bee page and has messed up smartthings integration
The android app for ecobee does not have home IQ, which is a must have. Not happy about it since the desktop and iPhone all have this feature.
I only have a thermostat, this update adds a useless device list that I have to select from before I get to the thermostat screen. Please restore the old behavior.
Wont let me log in. Keeps saying user name and password dont match when I'm clearly getting it right.
App constantly says no Wi-Fi while I am connected to Wi-Fi, making the point of having this thermostat useless.
Thermostat works great, however the app either doesn't work or doesn't accept my password. I have to reset my password monthly in order to use the app.
Since your last update of September 14. It doesn't display properly what device is running. It won't show anything running. But it does not stop the app from working which I like
The app works great, not sure why others have issues. I use the Smartthings Hub and a few Fios wifi extenders in my house and have no problems. Away from home I can control my thermostat from my mobile with no trouble.
Unusable Pixel 2 XL. Locks up at green load screen.
Don't like the ugly green screen on start up. It will be nice to see my reports on the app instead of website.
Thermostat turned completely off. I cant access anything. The app shows it as being offline.
It stops frequently have to reinstall it everytime
Works well in my Pixel but the app doesn't even open in my MiA1. App gets hung in the welcome screen.
Like the new update. Can see all the temperatures from the main page
It is great app with an easy interface however it freezes up I am uninstalling and reinstalling app
It great when it works, app just stopped and doesnt load up anymore.
Not working stock on the green loading screen
Hire new developers. Geofence feature sucks
Not working after last update
Back working like normal
My app won't open
Update, app now works fine! I like the new UI
Works extremely well. Just like standing in front of your thermostat.
Great multifunction stat! 10x better than nest
I love this switch. The Ecobee switch with Alexa is amazing
Fa la la la la laaaa,
Love the app. Works perfect for me so far.
Ex ellent
Easy to use and reliable!
Aug 2018: app is busted. Changed phones, tried to login to the app with the same credentials used to login to the website and the app throws invalid credentials error over and over!!! Really crappy. No explanation no solution........ Immaturedate 20 March2017: fixed issue with so not closing from home screen using back button in less than a week after reporting issue. However, App is too slow to load. Back button operation is bizarre and confusing when drilled down. Does not allow control of detailed features. Does not support multiple account login for away/home feature. Does not support geolocation for away/home. Waiting 2 hours to scan the house for away/home is too long, should be user controlled feature in 15 min increments.
Would love to see widget support... Perhaps home/away toggle if I don't want to use geofence. Temp slider moves way too quickly, perhaps allow 6 degrees of adjustment slowly, then after 7 degrees go faster, I always feel like I'm moving the slider back and forth until I finally land on the desired temp. Edit: At the time of writing this, the latest update has made the app so quick and snappy... So much that I wanted to mention it, great job y'all!
It asks the same question which is what time are you home to all the time slot settings which is confusing. Also can not set sleep time later than 11:30 pm
One of the moe frustrating companies that I have had to deal with. Second only to SiriusXM
Crashes when open app after update on asus zenfone zoom.
pretty much great app - looks/feels just like the web interface. widgets would be great.
Works as expected, mimics actual thermostat making it easy to use
Love this thermostat. The app works great
The schedule can only be set in half hour increments even though it does have the option to set by minutes, it doesn't save accordingly. The app does not update information from thermostat quickly to show what system is running. Also there needs to be an editable comfort setting besides just the three options available. I wish to use a separate named setting where I can set the temperature range separately instead of having to select from the three options only.
Slow to open. If sitting on the couch, it shouldn't be quicker to get up and manually adjust the temperature rather than using the app. I am not a fan of the slider function to change the temperature. The slider is not a quick precise feature 100% of the time, unlike a simple up and down arrow function. I had a Honeywell thermostat prior to this, which featured a much simpler and much faster app.
Almost got geofencing working correctly you guys, but not totally. It recognizes when you leave. But won't when you come back home. Everytime you cross the geofence boundary it goes to sway mode even if you are going back INTO the boundary. Itll set away mode as you leave the area.. and when you come back it sets away mode again. And after an hour or so itll ser home mode
It's a good app but I would rather see the interface spruced up a bit. It's still a bit slow and janky compared to other apps I've used. Also, having it mimic the devices interface is good in theory, but why not customize it to mobile? Make a new interface to make it stand out.
After 6 months of waiting for tech support to resolve the geofence not working. I've given up, promises after promises but nothing. I can not justify this taking 6 months to resolve. If ecobee actually read this it's ticket # 836630. Explain to us all how this could take so long to resolve. Version 6.8 is supposed to resolve this geofence problem and it does somewhat. After you enter your geofence open your front door then boil the kettle the app decides to tell your thermostat that you're home. Still not right.
Ecobee likes to claim they use design thinking, but what the app has turned into is just proof they're more talk than substance. Clunky, buried menu options, excessive margins, etc. Not to mention they've had bugs with their integrations with other services like Google Assistant for the longest time with no resolution. When my ecobee finally craps out, I'm moving to Nest.
Gimme Android Wear support! Basic functions work, but the app needs some work. I'd like to be able to see the temp displayed with the decimal point just like it displays on the reports. Also, the refresh rate is very slow. The AC or heat will be running, but the app won't reflect that for several minutes. Finally, put more of the settings in the app. I'd prefer to not have to go to the thermostat to change certain settings.
With every update, the app get slower and breaks more. All I get is a blank screen with a menu icon in the top left. When I first got my ecobee 3, the app was simple and fast. I'm about ready to sell off my ecobee and switch to something else. I can't recommend these thermostats anymore.
Update : Geo fencing was worked on in the last update. Still doesn't work. At least this time it didn't recognize me as being home instead of running my AC for a few hours while being gone. Geo fencing stopped working a couple of versions back. It seems to work for the first one or two trips and then just stops. I can't trust it anymore. AC was on for 3 hours tonight with no one home. Fantastic! Also, the app takes a long time to load these days.
Can not log into the app with user name and password. They work online and connect to my stat, but the app has been useless to me for months now. The credentials are correct, as it works online. App has been uninstalled and installed over and over. Not thrilled.
They really need to bring back full support for tablets. This app is probably fine for a phone but it's totally inadequate for any tablet user. The functionality was great on the old version for tablet use. The ironic part is they still have samples of the views from the older tablet UI in the sample images.
Supppppppeeeer slow to open this app.... Doesn't even have stats for my hourly temperatures? How do you call it as Smart Thermostat? It's too simple, my old thermostat can do that same schedule... Only difference is ecobee can do it over the phone, not smart enough!
I love the simplicity and ease of use. It works great for me, giving me most of what I need access to. The only thing I would like to have all the same control that are on the thermostat, available on the app. Currently there are some settings that are only available directly on the thermostat (ie. temperature thresholds) that I would like to see control given to the app as well.
Was previously working without issue for me. Recently, app takes approximately 5 minutes to trigger AC. Odd thing is, the panel notices the change that I requested, just doesn't kick the air on. However, if I use panel to. make change, things start happening immediately. Very strange...
Very complete app. Gives you full control of your thermostat. For some reason though, the main screen does not fit properly on my Nexus7 tablet. I have to scroll the screen to be able to see the whole interface...
Didn't even do the update and it's still bricked like everyone else's. Lost integration with smartthings and won't login "server connection error" it claims for the last 2 hours. I haven't touched anything or opened the app and received an alert from smartthings that connection was lost this afternoon. I regret telling all my friends how great this thermostat is. It has gone WAY down hill over the last year or so
This app was so convenient and easy to use but now my login won't be accepted on my Moto G5 even though I have used it on other devices without trouble. Please fix the login problem so I can use the app again?
I'm using Samsung S8 plus, and the app was super slow to open. The latest update fixed that issue, and it's great now. I wish it would be an easier access to the remote sensors. Also, if you can add a manual occupancy, it will be great.
It's ok. The smart home/away isnt consistent, and neither is the geofence feature. Both only seem to work occassionally, which is a bit frustrating, considering they were both features that helped sell me on the Ecobee. They will work for a couple of days and then just stop. I have to go to my apps, clean the cache, then disable and re-enable both features. A couple of days later, they stop working again.. :(
Black screen. Doesn't load any data on my two thermostats. Makes me regret getting ecobees. I can change temperature faster via smart things that the native ecobee app!
Every time this stupid app updates. I have to register my device all over again. It keeps losing connection and is nothing but a headache
Cant even log in. "Incorrect username or password" except its not... tried resetting my password, tried reinstalling app, no dice. I can log in just fine from a browser...
Geofence still doesn't work. Smart Home/Away is okay, but if I'm in my bedroom and the sensor doesn't detect any movement, the system turns off after awhile so what's the point?
Update V6.8 was supposed to fix geofencing. It doesn't. The software engineering at Ecobee is truly sub standard. You keep trying to close trouble tickets without a fix. New app versions come out advertising a fix but it doesn't. The app is only good as a remote control in that you can adjust the thermostat from your phone. The big advantage of Geofencing STIL DOES NOT WORK even with the May 2018 update. They must be having issues because I was on hold for an hour with support. If I could I would have gone with NEST. My GF owns one and it is more reliable and Geofence and occupant sensor work great. Sad really such potential wasted.
App was displaying blank black screen on startup. Fixed by logging out and logging back in, but no notification or indication by app that login had failed or no longer valid. Just a black screen.
Overall the app is okay, main complaint is the Geofence doesn't work. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app trying to get the Geofence to work however, it will work for a while then it stops working. I also use Life360 and have no issues with their Geofence and location services, so it's not an issue with my OnePlus 5T. Also, the Alexa microphone on the Ecobee4 is horrible, you can't have anything on in the living room, we must to mute the TV and turn off the ceiling fan if they're on... basically the room has to be completely noise free before the Ecobee4 will hear the Alexa trigger word. We've had the same experience with the three Amazon Echo Dots in our house. Lastly, the most recent issue is with the Ecobee server and not being able to connect to it... 'Server Unavailable' thus NOT being able to log into the App to remotely control the thermostat.
Geofencing doesn't work. There is obviously a bug as other apps are geofencing fine on my Samsung S7. Also, multiple accounts is not supported. Time to switch back to Nest!
Slow to open but once open it works well. I still prefer the web interface.
Worst app on my phone. Takes FOREVER to load. 10/10 times I end up just walking across the house to whichever of my units needs adjusting. Might as well just chunk these and go with Nest at this point. What a joke.
why would you add an extra screen to get to my thermostat?? who hired your moron devs? reverted to previous version. if these "updates" keep happening in the future will switch to another thermostat. this is beyond annoying.
For the last couple of months this app has been very slow to load on my Galaxy S8, maybe ten seconds or so. The latest update has not improved this. Geofencing is useless to me, since it only controls one thermostat and I have two.
Works really well. It's super convenient to be able to adjust the thermostat from another floor. I haven't had any glitches or issues.
I understand why the developers have diminished the refresh rate to speed up app loading but I'd rather know what my thermostat is doing in real time. If it's possible to choose between fast launching app and real time stats, I'd prefer the latter. Please at least give us the option to choose.
This app has become very frustrating as it kicks me off Wifi every couple of days. I need to flick my furnace switch on and off to reboot, which I shouldn't have to. If I'm away or out for a few hours, and it kicks me out, this becomes quite disappointing as I use this to control the temperature when my pet is left at home. I don't have any issues with other devices connected to Wifi so this is clearly an app defect which needs to be fixed/addressed. Looking for assistance.
The temperature control slider is so skittish and unpredictable. It's even worse than the damned thermostat itself!
I use it all the time, specially when I'm outside of home and want to change the temperature before I get there. Works really good on my pixel XL. It used to be slower but they have improved the speed a lot lately
The app has never been that great, but recently it totally stopped working when you try to adjust the temperature the AC turns on. This app is basically useless right now.
The app doesn't work anymore. Just shows a blank screen without any information.
App won't even let me log in anymore. Reset the password for good measure, still nothing. Don't know what's going on.
Overall the app works well. I would like to see the loading be a little faster and seeing some of the Home IQ data on the phone app would be nice. It is easy to use and always communicates my changes with the thermostat.
Works well for quick adjustments and checks. It augments more than replaces the full website. No reports, etc of any kind in the app.
Cannot login since last update. Able to login via browser only....please fix, it has been months.
The application is getting better weather needs to be updated more frequently. Also, the ecobee needs to be included on the everywhere music group.
ecobee works flawlessly. I hope they add additional functionality to the remote sensors (i.e. run fan when temperature variance between sensor is greater than x amount)
The app no longer works just shows a blank screen. Galaxy note 8
Can you please add the ability to have different profiles for summer & winter usage (ie. Schedules & comfort settings)
Love the recent changes. The app is snappy and loads a lot faster. I really enjoy being able to view/modify heat settings remotely
The app works well. It would get five stars if it had the additional features that are available on the web site internet login.
App looks just the screen on the EcoBee, makes it easy to use. Great software for an even better product supported by great folks. Still great, still using it!
Love my new Ecobee thermostat. The mobile app gives me the same functionality as if I'm right in front of the device. Awesome!
Geofencing not working at all. Its a crucial feature these days. Why advertise this if you cannot deliver. Please fix asap or I move to NEST.
Works great! Fast, easy to use, never crashes. Their customer support is one of the best I've dealt with.
This app is one of the MOST easy and user-friendly interface to control Thermo stats, including custom scheduled routines.
Great app! Looks just like the thermostat so I don't have problems switching between the two.
Geofence do not work
Android 8.0. Can no longer adjust the temp via the app
Can't believe I haven't bought this device sooner! Love being able to control the settings from my phone!
It's not working on my ecobee 4 and my Galaxy S9 Plus but it's working on my iPad and my old Galaxy S7
App works great! Love being able to check in on my HVAC system when I'm not at home
Why doesn't it have the home iq on it. Only online
Love this App. Easy to work , easy to control your thermostat from far away. Can adjust comfort levels from my chair.
Love it. On the way home I can turn it on, so I can find my house at a great temp.
For whatever reason the app won't take my password anymore,that is frustrating me.
Unfortunately ecobee remove the landscape display option.
The app does a great job of mirroring the controls on the thermostat to make it easy to operate.
Geofence has never worked correctly
Just get a black screen what a great app
Finally they resolved the geofencing!
Works great. Love being able to adjust my thermostat from anywhere!
Love the convenience of our ecobee app
Login on web site works. on app it doesn't. completely useless because of this
Great easy to use app with a simple user interface and quick navigation
This app integrates flawlessly with the ecobee device. Highly recommend!!
Working great and saving money on my air conditioning.
The app seems to work well.
Love my ecobee thermostat!
Works great. Love the alexa integration.
Very unreliable
Easy setup, works well.
Works GREAT for me
Love it!!!
VERY EASY
Great product
Nice
Great
It doesn't have a Fan "On or Off" option. It doesn't have a Temporary hold option. I have to Manually turn off your temperature change back to the Scheduled temperature. Honeywell's Thermostat is better in that sense... Come on Ecobee as a HVAC tech, these options should be mandatory in every Thermostat. Especially if it's $300. Update!
The app was working perfectly fine until the latest update. Now when I try to change the temperature in Comfort Settings, the Save button never works! Keep seeing a message, "There was an error while saving. Please try again later." Tried logging out and back in. Tried reinstalling the app. No luck. July 2: New update was pushed to the app and this has still not fixed the issue described above. Definitely not investing in any more ecobee products.
With the latest update, none of my thermostats show up. Blank screen. Also, every other day there is an update. Do you guys not do any unit testing before releasing? Take a week and test and release your app instead of these frequent updates that break other things. Ughhh!
07/02/18 update: geofencing seems to be working, but won't work for "resume schedule" option. Still can't change comfort settings. 06/15/18 update:. Geofencing still does not work. Also, can't change comfort settings in app. This app is getting worse. Geofence is a hit or miss. It may work 50-75% of the time. I got this thermostat for that reason...to turn off when leave my area. The old app worked just fine for geofence. Update: geofence is now triggering notifications. However, it is still not triggering the app for the HVAC to turn on or off. There is a disconnected between the geofence and the app itself.
This app is still terrible. This company has lost their focus and just wants to sell you overpriced light switches. The app used to work on tablets but now does and takes forever to load. Nest is a better product now that they have sensors I won't be buying any more ecobee products. Get some real android developers you guys obviously have no idea what you are doing.
App is too slow to load and not very intuitive. I had set the app to follow the sensors in the rooms during certain parts of the day, did not work correctly. App is super flakey as well, lots of blank screening
Update: Latest version and new phone (Galaxy S9+) seem to be letting geofencing do its magic. Those with older hardware or versions of Android may want to try another device to see if their geofencing works with a newer device. Geofencing isn't working well for me, too. An update a few months ago has somehow messed everything up. I'm not sure if there is a way for people to roll back to an earlier version. It was working great since I installed my ecobee 3 last year.
The app does not allow you to change very many settings with the thermostat. Therefore you have to go to the thermostat and manually make these changes. Somewhat defeats the purpose of having an app for it in the first place. The basic functions that the app performs, perform well.
Too simplistic & lacks proper control. 1. The fan setting resets to Auto every time you resume your schedule. I have an HRV and need the fan to remain on at all times (low speed). 2. You cannot independently control the temperature but instead are forced to use user presets which cannot vary from day to day. The thermostat and app are in need of options to do what's noted as lacking above. I would not have purchased this had I known.
They ruined my app. Downloaded the latest and should have kept my old version. No longer looks like the screen images on the play store page. It is just a mobile version of the thermostat screen. Lost all my reporting tabs and nice layout the worked on a tablet. Total letdown.
Wasn't there a fully functional settings option before!?!? Now I'll actually have to go to the thermostat to change settings?? What the hell are you guys doing? If it's not broken don't damn fix it!!! Went down from 5 stars to 1...good job guys
I'm pretty sure the people who design the Ecobee app, don't actually use the app. Again, they added another screen and another step to be able to adjust the temp. Why not add the sensors to the temperature sliding gauge screen? I rolled back to the previous version.
I have used the app to make adjustments to my ecobee 4 thermostat for about a month now. I have only had a couple issues with the dashboard not loading properly, but resolved it by simply logging out of my account on the app and logging back in. I also wish that all of the settings and tools were available through the app as well. However, some settings can only be changed on the device itself, and some information can only be input on the web based version. However, the design is simple to use to make any immediate or scheduled adjustments to your HVAC system.
Ecobee's outside weather temperature is really poor. My thermostat is reporting an outside temperature that is some 15 degrees lower than the actual temperature. I called Ecobee and they tell me that the weather station being used is at an airport 22 miles away. What use is that...! There are plenty of local Personal Weather Stations in my area that are reporting the correct temperature but Ecobee doesn't use them. Surely the whole point of a thermostat that reports actual outside temperatures that it be accurate otherwise it is useless. In response to the less than useful reply from Ecobee below, the fact remains that you are using a weather station that is 22 miles away and whatever interpolation you might be doing - you are doing it wrong as you report a temperature that is 15 degrees out from the actual. Therefore suggest that you use local weather stations that are capable of reperting actuals.
Outdoor temperature results still aren't accurate. Otherwise other issues seem to be resolved (reliability was biggest issue). UPDATE: Well I thought it was better, but now when I turn the FAN on and wait for 5 minutes, still does not show fan in "equipment running". Two steps forward, one step back. Ugh!
Does not work. Never has. Will not let me login. Always says my password is wrong, tried changing it several times, still nothing. My password is correct. The app is faulty.
I want to be clear, this rating is for the app. The thermostat and overall features are Greta, but the app has a ridiculous startup time. The splash screen displays for a long time before the app is useable. Aside from that, you have to contact the vendor to upgrade the firmware, which I think is absolutely ridiculous. I like it better than the Nest, but it's far from perfect.
Yes it takes a long time to load. But I can spare a couple seconds. I still strongly dislike the overall design of the thermostat and therefore the app too. Seems to me it's the dumbest way to adjust temperature. And it takes several drags at that silly vertical switch to get to the temperature you want. Whatev. It works
The latest update that was released on 7/1/2018 still doesn't solve the problems. I still cannot save schedule changes and comfort settings. It always says "error saving changes. Try again later". Customer support keeps saying my ticket is "solved" but it still isn't fixed.
I have just completed my new home and installed the Ecobee4, with a sensor in the master bedroom. It was very easy to install and even easier to use. Since I am away from the house it is important for me to keep track of my house temp. The Ecobee4 is the system you want in your home it is easy and it works I had the Nest in my old house it works but not as good as the Ecobee4.
Ever since a recent update, this app takes a veeery long time to load. But once it does start up, all functions work pretty well for me.
Does everything I need so far, Smartaway feature is good, and I get alerted through IFTTT when some one overrides the set point, which is nice. Haven't used geofencing yet.
App takes forever to load after the latest update. The issue occurs on current flagships like the Note 8 and Pixel XL 2. Not sure why the dev abandoned their Android app.
I would love to give 5 stars but the app has been a little glitchy for me. Every time I open I have to push on the menu a few times before the app loads properly.. Any suggestions?
Half the time when I load the app, the interface is different and none of the buttons have functionality. Defeats the purpose of having this thing. Fix it, please. Edit - Dropped to 1 star. The app is trash.
Where the hell are the runtime reports? Quit telling me "We are still processing your runtime data for June. Check back soon." This feature has been saying this for the past 2 months. One the major reasons I got the Ecobee was that it advertised runtime usage. Get your isht together on your software Ecobee! Very misleading and severely disappointed :(
Geo fencing not working... Comfort settings don't appear to work either. Wish they would give Google home some better integration. I hear they are going to have some Alexa love, they have apple all wrapped up Google.. Well we get an app.. Hopefully someday they will give the millions of us Google users the same love.
The last few updates on Android have made your app almost worthless. It takes for ever to pull up current thermostat info no matter what my internet connection speeds are. This wasn't the case until 4-6 weeks ago. Today it won't even connect. I can't even volunteer to donate my data. Please fix! Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. Current version of the app.
App is functional but designed in a confusing way. It is also very slow to load when opening it.
The app takes too long to open up. And I'm on board with other people's assessment that the most used/ needed features are either missing or require an unnecessary amount of steps.
Update: 4 months later, geofence is still obsolete. Customer service is simply not helpful. They purposely deactivated one of the features that makes this a "smart" thermostat and can give no time frame of when they will bring geofence back or why they got rid of it to begin with. The app also does not work consistently so don't count on manually changing the temp from your phone either. Save yourself the frustration and go with Nest. I am done with ecobee and moving on to Nest. This is awful. We have the ecobee4 and it worked great for the first 4 months. Now with the app they keep messing with, everytime I open the app it tells me I have to register a device or add a device I can't get my AC to kick on unless it's blazing hot (it used to kick on within the 2 degree range and none of the settings have been messed with on my end), the actual temperature in the room based on the app with the thermostat vs what the thermostat reads is off by 1-3 degrees always, the geofencing DOES NOT WORK (they disabled it without notifying anyone, brought it back but it's obsolete. Won't function), and the wifi connectivity notification is still causing a hassle and notifying constantly. I SHOULD HAVE GONE WITH NEST! Biggest regret and unfortunately huge waste of $250.
Last few updates, I get an error trying to update the comfort settings. Works thru website but fails in the app.
When I change the fan to a minimum time it doesn't seem to save. Also the green startup screen is displayed for an abnormally long time.
The app hasnt been working on my device since the last update. It was working fine before but now my thermostat never appears
My login does not work with the app but works on the ecobee website. Unreliable app.
Since the most recent update nothing is displayed when I load the app on an S8
I love that I can check the status of my HVAC equipment on my phone. All of the minor adjustments I make are available. I love that the interface is consistent with the main unit so I don't have to learn how to do things twice.
Just started using the app but it does go down a lot for the short amount of time I have had it
the app freezes all the time... tried restarting it multiple times.. really disappointing
Great app. Provides video instruction on thermostat installation. Easy to use. Convinient remote adjustments and settings. Makes touching the thermostat completely unnecessary.
The app won't open on S8 since the last update, it's stuck on green loading screen. Before it worked great.
App is super slow on startup since the major update. And sometimes it won't connect to the thermostat
I love the app for thermostat control. Only way I would love it more is if it showed usage history that the website shows
Use to work until the new update, now it takes long to load and it's a blank page with no thermostat
Only reason I rate it low is because of the time it takes to open, I could have walked to the control unit itself. But other than that, great.
Crashes every time I try to register
Constantly have to force close in order to get it to reload when not used for awhile.
Latest version takes too long to load. Used to be faster.
Was good, but now my ac is not turning off when temperature is hit. Have to manually change
Can't do anything since latest update.
Finally, after recent updates, the app works quickly and reliabily.
Getting slower and slower!
Simple, easy to use, and does what it needs to. No complaints at all.
Problem the reset
Soooooo slow
v6.0.5.8
This app is fine, but could be so much better. For example, you can create "comfort settings" but you can only use them in schedules. I'm pretty cheap when it comes to my comfort, but I like to make sure our house is comfortable when we have guests. I can create a guests setting, but I could only use it if it were on my weekly schedule. Similarly, it takes a really long time when you switch from an override setting back to your schedule before the thermostat actually adjusts.
Even after more updates this app is still behind but at least they are adopting some of the wrap features. Very slow and not reliable. Geofence is finally back. Why did you ever remove it? I much prefer the ecobee Wrap application that shows temperatures with decimal points along with a quick summary. Wrap is also much faster than the stock app.
Bought this to replace a Lyric. So far unimpressed. No multi user support. 2018 and you want me sharing my user name and password? Geo fencing hasn't worked once. I like the installation options to tweak low level settings. Lyric geofence works flawless. Oh and the default Hold setting for geofence is dumb, if it even worked. Mostly likely returning this week.
The latest update removed the geofencing from my app. Was actually one of favourite features. Update 06APR18 geo fence back but NOT WORKING. Have to open and close app at least twice everytime for it to connect. Seems like it went from bad to worse! 16APR18 geofencing still NOT WORKING. When app first opens...its not even connected. The updates are making everything WORSE! 27JUn18 the geo fencing and notifications still not working. Tech support suggest I use third party apps as a work around. Better off using a different brand as a work around!
Since the "new" interface introduced the app for operating the ecobee thermostats it become completely unreliable. It's been a week and still waiting for a response from technical support about a new problem introduced with the new app. I find myself walking to the thermostats for verifying operation.
The app is limited, there are more options on Web access. Some informations shown on app are not accurate, like what equipment is running. Quick change missing some comfort mode selection. Overall ok app, works well, and secured I hope, on BlackBerry phone and IPad tablet.
App is okay, I recently came over from an iPhone and that version seemed better overall than the Android version. When can we expect home screen widgets for quick changes and temp status? That is something the app sorely needs. Also is slow to load. I don't use the geofencing so I can't speak to the troubles others are voicing about it.
The app never operates properly, constantly forgets my login and thermostat info and hardly ever connects to the server. I never had these issues with my Honeywell. I'll be going back. For shame.
For a few weeks, or maybe months, I cannot use the app at night. It crashes. During the day the app is fine. Weird. Please fix as the reason I got the ecobee is to not have to go downstairs and adjust it manually...
Err...programmers... it was fine before last update now I have a busted app... just get a blank screen.. can you provide a link so we can revert to the prior version again.
Vacation settings error out most of the time. This app has been out long enough to not have main functions bugs. 3rd party apps are doing a better job.
Handy for controlling the system from afar, such as setting/adjusting vacation mode, or making sure the AC kicks on well before I arrive home on a hot day (most of them where I live!). Unfortunately, the geofence feature is completely unreliable.
The HomeIQ on tablet feature was restored. Thanks for that. Generally the app is useful. Would like to see the tablet home screen restored to the one shown in the screenshots in the Play store, rather than just a huge replica of the thermostat taking the whole tablet screen. They recently added a time-of-day clock to the idle screen of the ecobee3 device. Thanks for that roo.
The geofencing option works with the GPS on your cell phone. It can turn down your thermostat while your away and set back to normal when you return. Problem is it only works with one phone. Useless if you have multiple people living in the same residence. Since my last review the geofence feature stopped working. The option is still on the menu but the trigger will not fire. Notified ecobee to open a problem ticket but never heard from them since.
Unstable. Ecobee will be working fine but app says no ecobee connected. Never had a problem with my nest. This is disappointing
The last update an hour ago seems to have broken the app. I can longer see or access my ecobee thermostat from my Samsung tablet. EDIT: Software working now. Changed my rating. It
Devices never stay registered in the app have to constantly reregister them even though they say they are connected to my WiFi, still do not show up under my devices within the app unless a reregister. After the 4th time I am done.
Initially the app worked fine on my phone (Samsung j7), then suddenly a few weeks ago the app just wouldn't open or the thermostats would not show up. I contacted customer service they told me there was a new update but only a few days ago. I finally got the new update it worked a day and then it didn't work again. Customer service emailed that the issue was resolved I advised it was not. I got another email indicating they would look into it further and then also in the same email that the issue was resolved and they were closing the case. Since then I have deleted and reinstalled the app a few times it still does not function properly I've checked my phone everything is working fine on that end. This is frustrating since the main purpose of having this is to be able to adjust the temperature when I'm away from home if I haven't done it before I left and I have two thermostats to check neither is cooperating through the app. Very frustrating. I did enjoy the few weeks of being able to change the temperature without having to get up and go to the thermostat
b"App is VERY glitchy, it's always logging me out, (despite the update supposedly fixing it) unresponsive etc. Not sure why they still haven't gotten it figured out after all this time, it's a shame because it's really neat when it actully works??"
Dont update the app as it does not work anymore all you see is black screen.
What The Hell ecobee? This app worked perfectly before. Now it's just a black screen.
Since the update the thermostat takes much longer to load, sometimes doesn't load at all. Just a black screen
The app says email and password incorrect, reset password and works in browser. Attempt to login on app same bs. App is trash
Won't allow me to set times at 11:55. Instead sets it to 12:00. Since update tempature is hard to read.
The app is fairly simple to use. I love the Geo-Fence feature, however I"m not sure why it was temporarily removed. This thermostat with Geo-Fence setup has saved me a ton of oil this year! Highly recommend!
Will not connect again to my ecobee after latest update. Unusable
App is very slow to start after the recent updates.
WHAT HAPPENED. This used to display all kinds of great infp on my tablet in landscapd mode, all that is gone. ARRRG
Ever since last updat my setting are crazy they are nothing close to the setting i Have set im either freezing or burning up
Mostly works great except for the geofence that only worked for the first week. After that only recognizes when entering and not exiting the perimeter.
App seems slow to load but otherwise functional.
It just plain doesn't work...at..all.
App very easy to use and has help me save a tonne on my hydro bill.
The app has come a long way since I got my ecobee3! Im enjoying the updates and added info to the display.
After updating the app, my thermostat won't show up. :(
Nice interface, but it needs a spot to easily turn the fan of and on instead of choosing to run for a set time reach hour.
Geofence doesn't work.
Lost fan mode after latest update only works as heater now
Schedule only works in 30 minute increments. Really?
App works well for managing my thermostat and switch+.
Mostly works well. Drops connection often but comes back fairly quick.
Everything is working again. Thanks
Worked just fine until this update. Now doesn't work at all.
Works great - as good as or better than iPhone (also have that phone).
So convenient. Easy to use works perfect on my Pixel XL 2
Love it works great awesome Tech support
Works good. No complaints!
Very easy to use.
Love my thermostat. Google Home integration worked for a while, now they are blindded by the eyes of Alexa and the overpriced light switch. Kinda feel like making the switch to a Nest now that they have sensors. Come on guys. Could have a shortcut to sensors or see sensors temp from the main screen... Feel like the last UI/UX is not improving. All the website features should be integrated in the app by now. Also, I know their infamous but widgets to quick settings or monitor could be great. Sad because I chose Ecobee for some reasons and filling left down...
The app is painfully slow on load. It's actually faster for me to get up, walk across the apartment and change the temperature at the unit than it is to change the temperature in the app. Now, I can always ask Google Assistant to do it, but she has her own issues dealing with setting temperatures in Auto mode. I know, first world problems, right? I assume the delay is due to needing to authenticate against a central server, but it would be nice if, while I'm actually at home, it would either treat all connections as trusted or authenticate locally.
How can I set it up to super cool? I wanted to cool the house way down before 3 pm, when the high peak electricity hits during the summer. I can't figure out how to add another Comfort Setting to do that.
It used to work very well on my tablet, now it shows like it is running on a cell phone in portrait mode. Not good. The time schedule setting does not work.
The app looks good, and mostly functions fine. What baffles me is the completed lack of a widget in 2018, and for a "smart" thermostat this seems to be a no brainer. Otherwise, it works as advertised and I have yet to run into any bugs, it's just a tad slow to start up.
Its just a remote app. They need to add the ability to enable push notifications of when the unit turns on/off/if the unit runs continuously passed a user defined time limit. Add graphs of logged data such as on/off/run time. Allow user to input estimated cost per hour to calculate cost per min/hour/month/year... Which then could project if you might exceed an inputted dollar amount based on current use settings and weather/historical weather data.
Had my ecobee3 Lite installed professionally. After 2 weeks of working fine it suddenly dropped mywifi and could not reconnect. After about three and a half hours over two days on the phone with ecobee technical support. Had them reinstall a complete new one. Although my thermostat is still connected to Wi-Fi the ecobee Android app says it's not. Would not recommend this product
It used to be fine but now I can't change my comfort settings and so every morning my heat kicks on when I don't want it to! It just says error whenever I try to change the temp...
Nothing works on it. Update: the geofence STILL doesn't work. Ecobee - if you don't get this working soon.. I'm going back to the Nest.
Works great on my mobile device and has improved significantly since I got my ecobee 3 years ago. The ability to do almost everything I can do on the web is a big improvement and the fact that the controls are basically a mirror of the physical device is intuitive.
Geofencing hasn't worked recently. In addition now I can't even set my heat below 23.5 degrees so dual mode for HVAC had to be disabled.
So far I like it. The app does everything I need it too but I just got the thermostat so I'm not used to all the features
They really need to fix the loading time for the app it just sits there for like 10 seconds when you start it.
App hangs during startup, since the last update.
Too slow when app starts up after last update
b"Stupid app doesn't work... Just black blank screen..... ????????"
The whole reason we got the cover was for the guidance, which is still not working.
Very slow to load lately
No longer let's me login. Only option is the mobile website.
Now it's getting better.
Works perfect! Needs run fan on temp Delta data from sensors
why does it need the camera permission???
Convenient mobile access to the thermostat's settings.
Very easy to use just like the thermostat..
Well guess it isn't as bad as I see some have it below but Comfort Settings still giving error. I emailed Support about this last month or so and was shocked that a response that programmers are looking into it was enough to close ticket. I worked on Help Desk for various apps and we couldn't close a ticket until resolved to customer satisfaction. Today I saw an update happened and thought ah maybe a fix but nope still get Error message when click Save in Comfort Setting.
They took what I considered to be a perfectly good app and replaced it with something half baked. They completely took away geofence control, then brought it back...but it STILL doesn't work, even after two additional updates. App hangs at the green ecobee screen for ten seconds or so when it opens now. No idea why they decided to rebuild the app from the ground up, but I wish they hadn't. It has been junk since.
It recently has problem after update. It stuck.at the green screen and the control page never comes up. Called customer service took over 1hr, still no one pickup, very frustrated.
The app for the most part works well with a few flaws I can over look (like the occupancy sensors highlighted in white when displaying unoccupied, shouldn't it be black when unoccupied? ). The one thing I wish the app had is an option to have the thermostat check for a firmware update and have it update itself if one is available. Keep up the good work guys, I'm looking forward to future updates that further refine the app.
Ever since last update it takes a long time for app to open. Also please make a widget for this app. It would be very useful to quickly check and adjust your thermostat without having to open an actual app and wait for it to load the current information.
Update #3: full downgrade to 1 star. Geofence *still* doesn't work after this latest update. Folks @ Ecobee: why is this so hard for you to get working? Update #2: Geofence back back doesn't function, rolling back to 1 star, PLEASE FIX ASAP!!! Update #1: 4 stars, geofence is back! Original review: Ok folks - not the first to say this but sure I won't be the last: why *remove* the geofence function *before* the new geofence function is complete?!?! I get it - the old geofence function wasn't all that consistent but it was better than nothing. For me, the geofence capability is one of the key attributes of having a smart thermostat and without it, I'm about reduced to a basic, dumb thermostat. Make this a priority: put an updated geofence function back in ASAP.
After logging in the app freezes Android pops up an option to close it because isn't responding. It seemed to work better before the last update.
Thank you for continuing to improve this app. It was so bad a year ago. Now if you would just add multiple managers so geofencing will work properly.
Following the most recent update, the app is now a bit unresponsive, and it's not as quick to get up-to-date information from the thermostat as it was before. I routinely have to force stop the app now just to get it to display up-to-date information.
The temperature on the main screen, from the occupied sensor does not update right away. In fact, it takes a long time to do so, even by refreshing, restarting the app.
Like the app. Haven't seen any issues with it since last update. Looks faster for me then before
Perfect to control my thermostat. I had the ecobee installed as part of the GreenOn program. Everything was great and I'm very happy with the thermostat and the app. Made by Canadians for Canadians! Great job guys! Sure they might have some work to do on the app but that's normal. Very impressed!
Amazing when works but thermostats drops off the network on average every day or 2. Everyother device works perfectly just the ecobee
Geofencing still doesn't work and Smart Home/Away takes hours to change. If it changes at all.
Take so. Long. To open. UI for temperature adjustment is terrible. It's a thermostat app. That's all I use it for. Never takes the right temp on the first try.
Great app, but please ecobee, let geofencing work again. It also take long time to load.
Ecobee is a fantastic platform. I love how the app experience matches exactly what you see on the thermostat. I think ecobee has achieved a great balance between a traditional thermostat and a smart device. Everything in the application is easy to navigate and understand.
App hasn't worked since last update. Green ecobee sign then pure black and can't do anything. Otherwise it is a great system and huge help with scheduling temperatures. Very neat
The app and website rarely show your thermostat. When I login it shows the menu bar but never displays my thermostat. Opening the app also takes over one min. You may as well walk and change the settings manually. Not what I expected. Oh and if you delete the app thinking you can reinstall, it will ask you to re-register the device and it will not take your original registration code. Basically you can't re add your device. Have been wanting for 30 mins for tech support.
Andriod application does not allow me to sign in even though I can use the same device to log in using Chrome. Left a comment here and Mike got in touch to resolve my issue.
Loading times are very slow. Running a pixel 2. Wish the app was more robust.
Not as good as Nest app.... sucks! The app does whatever it wants
It is now very slow to start up.
Geofencing doesn't work still
First time smart thermostat owner- love the ability to monitor and modify my thermostat settings remotely through the app!
New updated slow down the app
Great app - works smoothly with my Ecobee thermostat. No complaints!
Takes too long to load
Sometimes it works sometimes not a bit frustrating.
I used to have a working app and on many occasions showed friends how easy it was to use and how convenient it was... One update took away my remote connectivity and the next update took away EVERYTHING! It's like my device was never registered in the first place and the latest update doesnt recognize my device ever existed. Doesn't show anything other than the latest gadgets and no way to reregister
Sensor display remains broken. All sensors in a comfort setting show white (participating) with each sensor occupied. Sensors not in current comfort setting are black (not participating) and always show unoccupied even if I am walking in front of it. Now two releases since this was reported and still broken. Where is QA? PV?
A previois update took a slow but mostly functional app to a useless waste of storage that isn't user friendly, especially on a tablet. Hoping this is temporary or these thermostats were a waste of money. Slowly making improvement to add back functionality but not user intuitive.
Built from the ground up, yet still buggy. Haven't been able to see my device remotely using the app in over Ecobee has potential, but if reliability is your thing, Nest seems to be better, tho has less functionality. Geofencing does not work right now.
So far I am liking it. Will update after some time using. I am running Android 7.1.1 After the latest update all I get is a black screen. Please fix Pixel XL 8.1.0 Updated app yesterday still having same problems. Just a blank screen. Last update everything is working now.
Ever since the update it will not save scheduled settings can't even change and save temperatures everything was fine before, nothing works on the Android system now. all you get now when you try to save is error try again! Really beyond frustrated.
I enjoy the app, but do not often use it for the more advanced features. I am still using the integration with IFTTT to do all my geofencing because I have mutliple people in my home...and they all don't need to have this app installed in order for the geofencing to work. Overall, the app is great for what I use it for.
If you don't have a multistage system (heat pump & furnace) then it's great. With multistage it's clunky and confusing to figure out your settings, interpret random icons, etc.
Comfort setting and schedule changes are very buggy. IE setting different temp thresholds sometimes increments the wrong way on save or does other weird stuff. New settings take a while to actually get updated into the current settings. They just need to fix these setting bugs, otherwise I have low confidence in it and just go set the settings on the device, which half way defeats the purpose.
Last few updates haven't worked. I can't control the thermostat from my phone anymore. Huge inconvenience to have to get up to see the temp in my kids' rooms. The reason we bought this thermostat is for the mobile capabilities and if I have to get up asst night to go check it then it defeats the purpose.
Updated UI still works great: it mirrors all the feature on the web portal. However, as of the latest update (2018-05-01), it is not working properly for me any more: it is stuck with a blank back screen...
Internet manditory? The ability to make basic temp adjustments to the thermostat should NOT be dependant on having internet connection. Statistical features understandibly need internet and the data base but basic local thermostat changes and operation should be allowed if on the same network! The new look and updates are nice though. Keep it up.
Having lots of connection and synchronisation issues since the last update. Sensors always show they are occupied. I wish I could go back to the old app since all these things worked fine.
The only issue I'm having is with geofencing. It does not notify when leaving but it does when I return...after I'm already home. Should resume about 3 miles out as set. The version 2 or 3 updates ago worked perfectly. Please fix.
Darn thing does not work on Android tablet. I returned my thermostats for their competition. Guess what. Neat works. Ecobee doesn't. Plain and simple. Save your time and money and get neat and better technical support
Application does not correctly reflect sensor occupancy status. Ecobee tech support acknowledged the problem but does not know when problem will be fixed.
Perfectly working app broken 2-3 updates ago....you guys just update the app to break it. Geo fencing was one of the main reason I bought smart thermostat and it doesn't work anymore
Sensors started showing OCCUPIED on phone app for all (3) sensors + thermostat. Checked sensor on web interface and can tell some are UNoccupied. Recently stopped working properly.
it was a great app until the last two updates. changes to comfort settings don't save anymore. without being able to change them it's pretty useless
Overall I think the app is pretty good and the functionality of the thermostat is awesome. The only grip I have right now is that my maintenance reminders don't seem to be working anymore on the app.
Literally won't let me sign in to my account even when the password and username works on chrome and on any computer. Terrible app, don't waste storage on this useless app.
This app saved us while we were in vacation and our furnace failed. Got the notification and was able to have the furnace fixed before we got back to subzero temperatures.
Customer service promised me a call back by supervisor 2 times and not one call back. I have the same problem from day one. SAVE YOUR MONEY.
Gets worse with each update. Slow to load temps, why can't I click on a t stat from groups page. Why do they stats show with duplicate names of another location? Terrible.
I feel setting the preferences is not very intuitive. I wished there was a way I could keep it at a constant (or a smaller zone) temperature however with auto there's a 12-15 degree window. I absolutely hate my thermostat and feel like it's actually more wasteful than energy efficient
The geofencing feature does not work at all. Went through troubleshooting with customer support and they confirmed that this feature needs further work.
This last release screwed up portrait/landscape modes. Does not rotate. Some screens fixed in portrait some fixed in landscape. Not tablet (or phone) friendly at all.
Cannot log in. Says invalid password. Work fine on wife iPhone. Completely broken since the last update.
Ok. Shows the same as what the thermostat shows. Need to put the HomeIQ info back into the app. I hate going to websites on a phone, when it should be included in the app.
Immediately impressed that this app works with an older "Smartstat" brand of thermostat (probably before it was bought out) and was able to set up a new account easily. Commands from my phone are immediately sent to the unit and I can hear the relay click in under a second after pressing the button. Nice UI as well.
Haven't been able to change the comfort settings in months. The company is no help. Only allows to set a new temperature temporarily. Should have bought a nest
The app doesn't seem to update the current equipment running. I hear the AC start, and open the app to see which zone is calling for cooling. Both thermostats don't show anything running.
When I slide the temp to 75 or 77 I WANT it on 75 or 77. Not 76 or 78 or even 74. I want it where I want it but the app ALWAYS overrides and puts it on a number I don't want it. Also keeps logging out. FIX these issues and I'll change my rating.
Fix the geo location services. Their are thousands of small companies that can develop apps that use geofencing. Yet a product as yours cannot not get it to work right at all. Should have gone with nest.
Please fix this so it displays properly on a tablet. It used to look like the pictures but now only certain screens will rotate to landscape.
The app wouldn't display any info. I logged out and reset my password. My password works in your website, but isn't accepted by the app. Frustrating.
Well, at least the size of the app has decreased from 93MB to 55MB. But it's still a lot for what it does. The vacation function has moved to a different menu and no longer mimics the same place it is on the thermostat interface.
The app is ok. Seems to have frequent issues with loading content...bug and feature request tool in app would be nice...also have stickyness issues..would really like the graphs from the ipad in this app for android.
Would be great if I could log in says credentials arent correct yet somehow I'm.able to change the password with all the credentials I have
It works alright, but opens ridiculously slow. Unbelievably does not include a widget.
Tablet view is still missing on my device even though the changelog says it should have been added back. Please bring back the tablet view.
some feature is missing compared to iOs version. I need Home IQ pane at least make it possible to track my A/C WORKING on mobile, which I can do on iPad.
It's like looking at the thermostat itself. So, no learning curve. And works quickly.
Useful app to interface with the thermostat. My only wish is that the phone version was as comprehensive as the tablet version (can't access community reports, monthly usage stats on the phone).
The basic functions are needlessly confusing. Not Wife Approved.
Please add an option to turn off the furnace fan. Currently just have an option to switch between auto and on. Otherwise awesome stuff you guys are doing!
I like the accessibility of this service. It's a lot better than the Cox account access I had to use before. Also provides more information and access to my system.
Works well. Like the new summary page tgat shows my sensors. Enables me to easily make adjustments to my thermostat when needed either from the couch or when out and about.
Just came back to the app. It's way better than before. Happy that it's now usable
Love the app. Wish they would add a widget for android like they have for Apple IOS.. miss that feature since I've switched to android
The sensor status is not accurate in the app.
Not sure what happened with the last update but my sensors are showing occupied when no one is home. And the geofence no longer works
Sensors do not show the right mode. Occupied vs unoccupied
Love the UI close to actual device, still missing few features as compared to the web version but gets basics done.
Shows sensors occupied when no one is at home. Web shows correct state
Setup my Ecobee3 and Ecobee3 Lite and love the app. Easy to check on my home and make changes. Does what it needs and happy w the thermostats
Does just what it's supposed to. Control every setting of the ecobee just as if you were standing in front of the thermostat.
The product is great. the set up was simple. The step by step instructions were very simple to follow. The best I have ever encountered.
Geofencing not working factory reset all phones.and still no geofencing...
App now does everything I need it to and is very responsive compared to the previous version.
very flaky.. it doesn't work all the time. when it works it is good
Unable to save schedule changes
App.keeps making me install over and over to sync up with my thermostat.
Very simple to use and I love the fact the UI is exactly the same as that on my Ecobee3.
Error when trying to change temperature on comfort setting.
So easy to use and I love that I can do everything on my phone.
Freezes all the time
Nice apps, properly build! I highly recommend it
App works great. Love controlling the thermostat with my phone.
All is well
Great app for the wifi thermostat.
Very good app
Easy to use app
Easy peasy useful
This app is ok. I like being able to control the thermostat while away from the house but one key feature that is missing is geofence. When I first installed the app it worked great. Since then I've installed two app updates and now geofence doesn't work. I can set it up, but it just doesn't do anything. Another feature I would like is to be able to set up "peak" and "off-peak" times so the thermostat can easily be set up to pre-cool or pre-heat during the off peak time and minimize on-peak run time. A second feature I would like is more fan control. I like being able to run the fan for a minimum time per hour but I don't need that to happen when no one is home. Ecobee needs to add this control in the comfort settings not solely equipment settings.
So far, so good. I'm relatively new to the app, but it does give you a lot of great information and controls. The only thing missing for me would be the usage. I like to see how long my units were running on any patricular day. I haven't been a user for 30 days yet, which is when I think that info will appear online, but I would like it in the app as well.
Great app. Love that I can adjust the temperature in the house when I'm away. If my plans change and I know that I won't be home, can quickly go in and set it for away so that I'm not heating/cooling the house. It also lets you monitor the temperature in all rooms that have a remote sensor. And in general I prefer to use the app to adjust settings versus the wall thermostat.
Looks nice, and functions ok. It is a little slow for sure, but that's acceptable for how often I use it. Would still like the following: 1. Allow tablets to view it in portrait mode as well as landscape. Not a huge issue, but it's annoying. 2. Android widgets! This seems like an obvious candidate for widgets, and in fact my old wireless thermo had one, albeit not the greatest. 3. Speed. As I said, it's acceptable, but could be better. Don't know if they are just using a WebView, or one of the "cross platform" toolkits, but it kind of feels like that, and if so, a native UI would probably be better in the long run.
I want to like it, I tried to like it, but simply a non-functional app when away from home. The previous update brought a black screen. Menu options were on the side but nothing would happen. This update is even worse. Nothing more than a green screen with a little bumblebee on it. And there it sits, minute after minute, hour after hour. Edit Oct 5, 2018 - The latest update appears to be working now - developer responded that in fact there was an issue on there end that now appears to be resolved.
Stopped working about 3 weeks ago. Keeps insisting I have to install and register my thermostat, which by the way, you cannot do a second time. Called support and they said it would be fixed in the next update (they knew about it). Well, update has come with no fix. When something works, as this used to, leave it alone! My car runs great therefore I do not feel the need to remove the engine or change it's programming... Period!
EDIT: As of the 6.2.0.5 update it seems that all of the issues have been fixed. The app shows a connection with the Ecobee thermostat, the app is much more responsive and snappy. ______________________________________ Still unable to load app. I still get the No internet connection detected notice on the log in screen. I was hoping you guys actually fixed the app. I'll have to go back to version 3.2.1 to use my thermostat I guess. Pixel 2 running Android 8.1
This is the dumbest smart thermostat I have owned. The latest updates actually removed functionality that instead should have been enhanced. No more runtime data or history. Nothing. The app lets you adjust temp. That's it. Nothing. My older stat at half the price offers significantly more data. Heck, even compared to ecobee stats from 8 years ago, it offers less. Garbage!!
Since I updated last month, it's not working on my phone and I can only use from my tablet. I shouldn't of updated. It's so inconvenience. I would not recommend.
This app has always been great, except recently. Somehow I got logged out on both my husbands phone & mine. I've constantly have been trying to log onto the app, but it says our passwords are incorrect all the time. We've rest it it so many times, yet we still can't get onto the app. I can log onto Ecobee online to try to communicate with my thermostat, but not onto the map anymore. How this is just a bug
Recently overhauled with mostly the same UI familiarity but with significant improvement in responsiveness and general usability, especially when switching pages. I no longer run into a navigation loop when backing out of a deeper menu path now that the Ecobee app respects the dedicated back button on my Android device; peviously, I would have to fall back to using the Ecobee app's own back button in the upper left corner.
WTH happened? I'm logged in but the app in this new version no longer shows my thermostats, of which I have 3. What a waste. Please please please QA your app before you "spring clean". Now I either have a project on my hands to install Nest or troubleshoot your "new" reduced feature app from the way it sounds. Old app was a bit slow to update temps on load but at least it worked.... And now my thermostats won't load at all. Looking at a blank screen every time I pull up this app
New version is very slow. Does not show running equipment and right temperature. No geo fence support. Need old version back. After update to latest 6.2 geofence still not working.
19 APRIL 18: 3rd update in a month--STILL no working geofence!! 9 APR: ** UPDATE to my initial 23 March review: The latest version of the Ecobee app has the return of the geofence. Thank you for including it with the latest version. HOWEVER... Perhaps in the next update you can include a version of the geofence THAT ACTUALLY WORKS!! This is ridiculous! The developers have taken a perfectly fine, perfectly working application, and "updated" it to the point where valuable features are left out, and then "updated" it again to include valuable features that don't work. Hats off to the geniuses that have destroyed any value that this application ever had. If I wanted to manually put my system into, and take it out of away mode, I could do that from the main control without wasting my time with this useless app. Thanks for nothing. 23 MAR 18 Review: Why on earth would an update to an app be pushed through and have useful features such as the geofence REMOVED? Yes, I know it says that a new updated geofence will be coming soon. But sending an update without all the previous features is idiotic. Thanks for the loss of the best feature Ecobee had.
New update deleted all my devices. Don't update until this issue has been fixed.
What happened on this last update? I have an Android and can't use my phone. Also, set the temp to be at home at 530. I was awake already at 455 because the temp was already switched. Used to be good, please fix this...update... asap!
What did you do I want the old one back, nothing about this is great. Took away all the energy reports. Shame on you.
For years this app has been great and reliable. A few weeks ago they did a big update and ever since then I hardly ever can connect to my thermostat. It always gives me the option to add a new device, but won't show my thermostat.
Geofence went from adorably quirky to entirely missing. Now it is back but it never, ever triggers! Money wise it's the most important feature so please fix it!
Your app was fine. You did an update and now it doesn't work half the time and gives the wrong temp reading.
App is now useless on my Android since the last update. Frustrating. Even after another update... useless. Internal server error.
Since latest update I can't even update my schedule now. When you select save it says unable to save
Still love the device itself. Recent updates have been good but it feels like android is second fiddle to iOS. The geofencing is welcomed back after mysteriously disappearing...
Have reset password multiple times. Can't login on my phone, only on computer. Makes the whole point useless.
The app is becoming crappier with every update. Used to immediately sync w/ thermostat. Now it takes ages. So you'd see AC running in the app when it's not.
The app is simple to use and works great, usually. Since the update I keeps crashing on my Android. Thankfully it still works on my iOS.
The application interface hasn't showed up in WEEKS. What's the point of having a smart thermostat if I can't control it from my phone?
Great for updating and making changes while away. Wish it had some of the Home IQ capabilitiy in it (would like to see things like when it last ran and for how long).
After update on 4/17, can no longer login. Says server unavailable
Buggy junk. Keeps logging me out. Black screens never show my thermostats. Always asks to register my thermostats.
Takes a couple seconds to reconnect now but has a sleek look and works better than before update.
The last update broke scheduling and geofence on both my Nexus6P and Wife's Pixel.
Wont let me log in. Can only log in on browser lately. No matter how many times I change password and try again
My device is wiped every app update! I can't re register my device!
Geofence doesn't work anymore. I'd rather have the old app back.
I general I think the app is great and let's you do what you need to do. One suggestion is to not include the main thermostat in the sensor average if that area isn't occupied. If I'm just in the basement, don't average that with the main floor temp if it's empty.
I like the app. But when the recent update took place, I lost my account settings and APP forget my device. I has to create my account and restore my settings again. WHY?
No longer works. Contacted ecobee and THERE attitude was we will good or when we can. I said adios.
Latest update doesn't work. Can't touch my air conditioner work the app.
App control for the Ecobee 4 is everything you could want and more. I use Alexa when I'm home and my Android phone when I'm away. The thermostat responds beautifully.
The app itself is pretty good and sticks with the UI model of the device. There's more that could be done to display information from the device (see other apps that work with ecobee).
Yes! They listened to my fiery wit and improved the weather screen for my phone, on the app. Looks great! Thank you!
The most recent bug fix has not corrected No Internet Connection screen upon phone reboot. Other than that, I Love the app.
This will not allow my geofence to work
I've been using the app for over 2 years and have never had an issue with the app. I don't use it much, but when I do, it just works and does everything I need.
Can't view thermostats or set temperature at all since 4/17 update.
Used to work fine but now the latest update asks me to register my device when I reset the registration it now says internal error.
App worked great up until recent updates now it doesn't even load the devices
Schedule doesn't work at all.
It gives add device screen wherever I open the application then after a second it display my thermostat screen.
Does not open on my S7. Keeps asking to register.
The recent redesign/overhaul is greatly appreciated and the app now is a pleasure to use and look at! Great job!
Clunky and slow to respond to inputs
I no longer receive notifications and geofencing no longer works....
Found and installed an older version 6.2.0.5 and the sensor occupancy status is now showing correctly again.
The app works really well. However, I really don't need to touch it much as once its setup, it really is forget.
Larger font needed for tiny "set temp" on right side
Fixed background frame size, works as intended
Still waiting to get usage data in the app....
Been using for half a year and am very pleased. Sensors work well and recent update has improved functionality.
I love being able to control my home environment with just the touch of an app. Works great for me.
My second months with ecobee. All good so far. No issues.
The new updates are a big improvement over the old!
Easy to use.
Awesome thermostat
Love its
Honestly this is what the future looks like. Being able to control the temperature in a home from anywhere in the world is amazing. I use it to manage the temp in my airbnb apts and this has saved me a lot of time and money. It simply works and does what I need it do. I do have some asks. I need the low temp and high temp to be a notification that pops up, not sure if that's a feature. Also I toggle between Fahrenheit and celsius for foreign guests. I have to log in to the website to do it. Not possible from the app. Still it's works fine and I recommend it.
Ok so they reinstated Geofencing, but alas still no home IQ which was the ability to compare myself to those near me (I actually really enjoyed being able to reference my heating to those in my area, great way of seeing if I am among the average) not sure why they removed it but I hate that they did. Also, I dislike not being able to rotate screen anymore on my tablet. Honestly, wish they would just revert back to older version. Please reinstate Home IQ at the very least. Sincerely, a loyal customer who cares about your product and was totally satisfied prior to all these updates.
Well, this application was working fine until the latest updates. Yeah it wasn't the prettiest, but at least it worked! Massive regressions in this update. Time to fire your QA staff for one that knows what they're doing. Went even load my thermostats half the time.
UPDATE: seems to be working today so far, not sure if there was another update. We'll see how it goes. 04/08 The new version of the app simply doesn't work. Freezes on opening and crashes. Can't control my thermostat with it. I'll fix this review when you fix the app.
Response is faster with this update but the tablet view is gone. Doesn't auto rotate either. You've only made it look like the thermostat screen. That is not progress. All the screen shots are out of date on GP. Latest update, still dont have tablet view back.
Great, like taking my thermostat with me! The geofence allows for turning down the heater while away, and then activate bringing it back up even before we get home. All hands free, no effort on anyone's part.
Love the redesign, much snappier and better aesthetics. Most of the reviews on here are blaming connectivity on the app update, but all of ecobee's accounts were down late 4/1 including the website so I don't think this was an app issue.
The ecobee was great until the latest update. Might as well go back to mercury switches, at least I could then see what's happening. Bring back the previous version, at least for tablets. History gone. Full week control gone. Primary vs secondary heat view gone. Home iq gone. Somebody screwed up big time with this regressive update.
The app mostly works, but I get these annoying messages and notifications on my phone every time I move away from a known Wi-Fi connection source. The notifications are ALWAYS shown on top of everything else. I don't care to see this ever!
Recent update removed the home iIQ capability (data and controls) for android tablet leaving only bare bone app similar to phone version. Hope this is an error very soon to be corrected. Also bad business to rmome geofencing w/o in app notification. Looks like serious release controls.
Update, after a day connection is detected and now functional. So far no crashes or freezes as before. App is still glitchy, login page pops up for an instant then loads data, flame is white when heater is clearly running. Have not tried it remotely as of yet. Time will tell, still not at all impressed with the development of this app. Ecobee, once again your developers failed! They managed to render app completely useless...... All that comes up is "error no internet connection detected. Reconnect and try again" . Connection is fine all other apps work great....
Update: even after recent update after complaints, it still sucks. The app on my tablet no longer works like the pictures shown by ecobee. Functionality was better 2 versions ago. Disapointed. After recent update, my tablet only reverts to portrait mode. No more landscape and all the useful info is gone. Looks nothing like the pictures any more. Disappointed.
4/12/18 Still having internet connection issues. It tells me I'm not connected when I am. The app worked fine before the update. I'm glad I did not update the app on my tablet. It still works fine with the old version. I wish I could go back to the old version on my Pixel 2 XL.
The new updated app is absolute garbage. It's a 50/50 shot if my thermostats are going to show up when the app opens. I'm liking my thermostats but hate how I can't control them when needed because of the app, which is the only reason I have a wifi tstat.
Nice when it works. The problem is that recently, I'm getting "We cannot connect to your thermostat.". Won't work on wifi, won't work using the internet. Should have kept my programmable non-smart thermostat. Did basically the same thing and NEVER had an issue. Dumb and dependable beats smart and flakey.
Update: new version it's a vast improvement. Barely useable with the touch screen issues. I assumed it was my phone, but problem persists on my new one, and other reviews confirm it's a known issue. Android is 67% of all smartphone users Ecobee, please stop ignoring this.
VERY frustrated with this app now. It was perfectly fine before the update. Just spent 15 minutes trying to adjust the A/C from the app. The app kept telling me it didn't have an internet connection. Then when I finally got the stupid thing to realize it had internet, it wouldn't refresh nor bring up my thermostat data. I didn't spend money on an Ecobee device for this nonsense!!
Just like everyone else that latest update is useless. Not working on 2 different phones in my household. They have really gone backwards on this one. I love my ecobee, in fact I have 2. Hopefully they will sort this out quick or I'm going back to the old school thermostats.
I have no complaints about the redesign. What do do have complaints about is the fact that as of the most recent update, the app flatout does not function in any capacity. It no longer recognizes that I even have an Ecobee thermostat installed and when I try to log out and back in, the app times out. It simply does not work anymore. Shocking that an update can be released that plainly kills its entire functionality without it being caught in testing.
The previous version of this app was working fine; this version is dismal. I cannot change the time on a comfort setting, because the "save" button doesn't respond. Did they take away the "vacation" setting or am I a dimwit and can't find it? I use that feature all the time. I don't think ecobee really tested the app before rolling it out. I would recommend going back to the previous version and do a thorough QA on this version before sharing it with the world. Update: I found the vacation setting, which allows you to program more than one thermostat at a time for vacation, so I give the app one more star.
It's ok when it actually works, but the app has tons of bugs and I can rarely ever make changes through the app. I often have to change the setting or schedule on my thermostat physically. I'm pretty sure the reason for buying any of your products is to have remote control, and that's the one thing that is always broken... I will most likely be switching to another brand completely.
The app was working fine till the recent update. Now it's literally unusable and I can't even see my thermostat information when I launch. Super frustrating
You have changed the command words without explaining this to ecobee owners you get one star. Had to find this out the hard way website wouldn't work could not log on to the website couldn't get phone support, no wonder that you guys are so busy, of your own making.
No longer works. Until this last update, it always was able to connect from the same room or away. I've tried closing the app, rebooting the phone, uninstall and reinstall the app. I just get the install or register screen. Now I have to walk to the thermostat to tweek the temp. No good.
The new overhaul is a step in the right direction. The biggest disappointment is the schedule control. The options are far inferior to what was nest was able to do. I need to be able to set more than 4 temperature adjustments per day and make them all customizable not just the preset.
They reinstated geofencing after removing it from the previous update debacle. But it still doesn't work. I'm well out of my radius, before the scheduled away time and it didn't switch to away. Ecobee is supposed to be smart. If only the people creating it was too.
App d absolutely fine until recently, my geofence disappeared then it showed back but won't activate when I leave the geofence. Ecobee actually recommend me to try a 3rd party app for this to work which is silly
Why are you doing this? (4\1\18). Now it says I have no internet connection, or it tries to get me to register my thermostat. Have you been hacked? I still have no history and IQ, and now no thermostat! Tell us what's going on, please! Loved my ecobee3 and interface for last year. This update took away my history and IQ access. Customer service seemed oblivious to my problem, and my only solution was to direct them to these reviews. I was advised they're aware and working on the problem. There's no problem, just give us the old app back! ...still waiting.
The responsiveness of the new app is great and the back behavior on Android finally works better. Geofencing needs to support multiple users and multiple thermostats. Kind of pointless if it can only be used by one user and only one thermostat.
Ok. So they allegedly brought back geofencing, but it doesn't seem to be working. I dont get the notifications like I used to, nor does it change my temperature settings to home or away as applicable. Why don't you try again techs at ecobee. Sheesh.....
I recently purchased an ecobee unit in February and the app was decent, i navigated around a few UI oddities. Then in march they updated it to this steaming pile and i would rather walk into the room with the thermostat to program it. Did they delegate app development to a high school computer class? It seems that why as this app ignores useability and efficiency.
New update== awesome. The GUI is so much cleaner and easier to navigate. Used to be a pain going back and forth between pages. Thank you! Keep up the great work!
Guys. You are almost there. Before the update geofencing was one of the few things that worked. Now it seems Geo gencing is the only thing that doesn't work. Please fix it. Geofencing helped save us money.
App as was fine until the latest update. Now it's all FUBARED. The app doesn't respond, nor does it see any installed devices. My rating will stay as is until this trash is cleaned up.
With the latest update the app has trouble finding my thermostats most of the time. Never had an issue before this version release.
Update: Spoke too soon. Geofence is there but doesn't work. Back to 2 stars. ////Thanks for fixing the holes you guys put in your feet with the last version. Looking for TESTED improvements in the future. Increased reading. UI could be more intuitive and is slow to respond. Not as integrated with Alexa as claimed. For example, I can't tell Alexa to put ecobee in "Away", "Comfort" or "Home" mode but have to specifically call out the temp.
Just when I need it most, it doesn't work! Last 2 updates have rendered this app totally useless! Always shows "no internet connection", won't connect via cellular or wifi. Huawei Mate 10 pro / Nexus6P.
The app is useless after the latest update. Please give back to old app at least I could access my thermostat
Good job! Your latest update rendered the app useless. Now it just says it can't connect to the internet.
b"You broke it! I have been unable to adjust my schedule since the new version (when ever I hit save. I got an infinite spinner). I finally broke down and did a reinstall, and now I cannot login. The app says it does not detect an internet connection, but there's enough internet to post this review! ????"
Stopped working. Just a black screen when opened. Tried deleting the cache in the app and reinstalling. And now it tells me no internet connection when trying to login. and I have Internet connection and I have tried it through Wi-Fi or cellular data and neither worked.
Update, as of April 1, 2018 app broke connection to ecobee. I will have to setup the thermostat again and I'm not happy about it.
Geo fence only works on one thermostat. I have them paired as a group but it still only sets one to away mode. I have had to make the basement share the same program to get it to work, but that really screws up my home efficiency. I always had my basement furnace kick on 30 minutes before the main floor since heat rises. Then my upstairs could get to the correct temp without getting to hot. Please bring the old geo fence functions back for those of us that have invested in 2 of your products in the same house.
I am pissed to say the least. We've had ours less than a month so we've had little experience with a working app. Right now we can't even log in because it says there's no internet. BS, I'm on it right now.
Constantly loses connection to the thermostat, have to sign out and sign back in just to see it again. Now it's telling me it can't sign in because I don't have an internet connection, which is obviously untrue. Won't connect to Google Home either.
I have no clue what everyone is complaining about. This app works amazingly well and is super smooth/responsive. Commands are also sent to the thermostat almost instantly.
You guys screw-up big time, thanks for made me wake up so dammm early because to change the thermostats temperature because you sucks update, screw up the communication between my mobile devices to the thermostats,
The app is horrible. I can't even login in because it states needs internet connection. I am currently using my WiFi to type this up. This needs to get fixed by ecobee asap. I just bought this and this is making me second guess. May exchange and go with nest!
Works half of the times. Works great when you are at home (and you need it the least) and every time I am travelling it says the it is not able to connect with the device. I have to try 20 or 30 logins (!) Until finally works
Haven't actually used the app in a little while, but a recent update made major improvements to the app. It is 10x as good now. Very fast and responsive. The navigation works properly. Kudos to Ecobee for this much. Needed update.
Working great until latest update. Doesn't recognize my devices. Logged out and tried to log back in, but now get an internet connection error.
Keeps telling me to install or register devices, unless it's telling me I don't have an internet connection. Total garbage. I'm literally using the internet to type this complaint. Been using my thermostats for about two years and this is the fist time I've had a problem. New app sucks.
Last update is bad UI wise. It either says no internet available or always wants to register a new thermostat. Also no more real-time indicators on main page. Heat is on but flame icon white. It also always says the system is always on when it isn't.
The app has forgotten my ecobee4 twice and forces me to reset my ecobee4 manually and re-register it. Worthless app which makes me wonder why I bought it.
***2018 "6.x update" App has become basically unusable. Doesn't show when furnace is running at times, or shows it running when not. Sensors randomly show to be part of the temp calculation even though they aren't part of the comfort schedule. Random "offline" message when opening. Still cannot access system monitor from app. ************************ 1/2017 review Allows for basic manuliption of my setting. However missing the system monitor function (which is has). Also really slow and doesn't seem to be a real time view. Heat will come on and it will be several minutes before the app shows the heat is running.
App was updated with geofencing option back in the menu but it still doesn't work. I talked to a customer service representative and was told to wait for the next release?!
Finally! It's responsive! Used to be so slow I actually stopped using the app. It reacts quickly now when navigating. Thanks for upping the quality of the app
I just got the Oreo update for my Samsung s8, and the app always says there's no internet connection on both wifi and data. Does not work at all now. I even uninstalled and reinstalled, didn't fix it.
Sometimes it loads up properly, other times it doesn't. Even with the device cleaned of background apps or caches. When it stops telling me I have to reconnect the device and works upon opening the app I'll move to 5 stars.
It was a great app until the March 24,2018 update. Now it kind-a sucks. April update still missing the better tablet view. Why make the app look like the thermostat display when phones and tablets have better displays.
Just got an update. Now it won't even log me in. App says I'm not connected to the internet. I am, all other apps work fine. Great update!
Running the app for 4 stable years. Last update breaks me intermittently. Latest update today consistently broken.
Geofencing is gone. My home kit is gone. Landscape mode does not work. I guess the old saying holds true, you get what you pay for.
App has forgotten my device twice and wanted me to register it. Have to go into device options to reset registration. Useless at that point
Latest update broke the app. Old version did everything it needed to. Maybe leave it alone next time it's working?
The system is great, although if the plan is to depend on this App to easily use the functions of Ecobee (without walking to the thermostat), but whenever the App feels like it, my 2 thermostats do not display at the moment I need to use them, at this point it's useless!!!. I have done every update asked by the App, still when the App opens its a black screen... other times, it opens as if I just downloaded the App and ask if I want to register a device or add a new one. I don't want to do either one, I already spend good money on 2 devices which do not connect when needed. I have to shut down the App and walk over to the thermostat and make the changes manually. Do you have a solution for this? Otherwise I just invested my $$$ on the wrong product.
Latest update just removed my thermostat from the app, which is very annoying. Now I can't even connect to it.
So you fixed your problems but still only giving 4 stars because I can't believe you even let someone make the decision of getting rid of geofencing. How could anyone possibly be that dumb? I mean, besides the fact you're just removing a feature that did nothing wrong to anyone, did you actually not think you'd get a public backlash about it? Seriously, both of these things are just plain obvious, but you still managed to let it go through??? I don't call things dumb Willy nilly, but this is entering special stupid status. Every single person at the company who agreed to the change should be fired immediately.
Option to change settings for individual sensor is no longer available. App is useless with recent update. I can't recommend this product anymore.
Not sure what's going on but when I open the app it's just a black screen. Very frustrating as I loved this app. Please fix it!!
Now that the geofence is back and the annoying wifi alert is gone, I'm much happier. Glad to see Ecobee is listening to their users.
It says no internet connection detected, while I have internet connection. Useless, cannot even sign in
App stopped working after latest update. Keeps saying no internet connection despite to contrary..
The app won't accept my login credentials even though it works on the website. Can't get it to work!
Hold settings gone?! Why can't I do the following anymore?!!? "Main Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Preferences &gt; Hold action. Here, youll be able to choose among 2 hours, 4 hours, until the next scheduled activity (in which case your ecobee will switch the next Scheduled temperature setting), until you change it, or to decide at the time of change."
Convenient, however have several connectivity issues with app and thermostat here and there. Also get the wifi connectivity screen daily and after fix.
Can't login after the most recent update. Says no internet detected. Please fix.
Last update screw everything up .. cannot set the comfort settings to the temp a i want , it keeps saying there is an error with the server so i have to adjust my thermostat every 2 hrs or so ..... really hate this
Update removed Home IQ on tablet. This is why I bought this thing. Please bring it back.
Recent update doesn't show my device half the time, keeps telling me to register a new one. When it does connect to my thermostat, my changes to the temp don't work, some kind of http error. It's so buggy now, not useful at all.
The update completely made the app stop working, I reset my phone, I logged out and tried logging in again, not working at all
Like everyone else I'm no longer able to control my thermostat from the app with the latest update. Get another update together asap ecobee
Same issue as almost all others. Latest version of the app won't load my thermostat data most of the time. Completely useless now as the main reason I got a wifi thermostat was so I could remotely change settings. Latest version of the app just freezes as soon as I attempt to load it. As a software QA Engineer by profession, this is unacceptable. Test your app before releasing it!
Ecobee Wifi connectivity is completely broken and worthless. Avoid the brand all together.
The app is not longer connected to our ecobee and doesn't even have the device listed in the app anymore. What happened and why did it remove the information.
Two versions ago worked fine. They brought back the geofence, but it doesn't work now. Geofence was the best part about the app.
Smart thermostats that still have to be changed at the thermostat. Since I can't log on, none of my smart hubs can access the thermostat which rendered this smart thermostat no better than any other ordinary thermostat on the market.
Recent updates have greatly improved the app. I no longer have issues when away from my home network. Haven't used it enough to bump it all the way up to five stars.
Can't save new temp under comfort settings
New update is Junk! Extremely buggy! Loved and missed the old version.
After the most recent update I repeatedly get a message saying No Connection.
The last build is all mest up.open the app and you see log in or register screen for few seconds before it goes to home screen. Why messing around with the do you know how many times I get confused and I try to log in?just revert to old version until you fix the app.do you people try the app before releasing or just throw the update and lets get the feedback later?there is a lot of apps that are updating every week but from the apps that I have installed ecobee is the worse.you going backwards, instead of improving the app you make it worse.can you please reverse to the previous version so I can install and block that app from updating?
App update is a disappointment. Landscape and HomeIQ is gone for tablets.
The app barely functions and technical support it nonresponsive.
This company is great to deal with. I had an issue with installation and the were very responsive and they were easy to deal with.
What happen to landscape mode? Is it that much trouble to support?
App was working fine until latest update. Everytime I try to login it says I'm not connected to the internet
I wish the app would show you what sensors it's basing the current temperature reading off of. It randomly turns the A/C on even though my schedule explicitly says use one sensor and that one sensor is already below the threshold.
App hardly worked before and now I can't even log in. It says I'm not connected to the internet even though I was able to uninstall and download the app again.
App seems ok for now. The annoying check connection screen is gone.
After the recent update, it opens to the install screen and rarely opens correctly. Bummer bc the other interface was great. Please fix it
Connectivity issue has been fixed an app is working well again
The app is great, but multi user geofence still not avaliable for Android user
The new update killed all access to my account and to my thermostat. Great job!!!
Like the update, but can you bring back the vacation schedule? That was a great feature that seems to be missing now.
Simple and easy to use. Wish there was a little bit more customization such as light sensitivity and timer options, but does the job well regardless.
Finally, after a couple years of waiting, the back button works as it should on Android. That alone is worth 5 stars now, but the rest of the app works as it should. No complaints.
App stopped working gives me WiFi connectivity error
Since a recent update app is regularly unable to connect
With the latest update I can no longer connect to the thermostat. Update: calling customer support resolved (needed a logout/login)
Very well laid out interface. Its just like being in front of the actual thermostat. Very easy to use.
Easy to use interface, with all the settings of my ecobee 3 lite available. Occasionally takes several seconds to recognize the ecobee, but isn't too inconvenient.
Awesome app. Emulates the display on the actual thermostat. I wish the startup screen listed all of my thermostats versus going directly to one of them.
It keeps crashing, so annoying
After updating the app today, i get no internet connection after trying to launch the app. Using Android 8.0.0 (oxygen OS)
last update broke connectivity to thermostat.
No bugs at all grwat app love it
Better than previous version but still got some improvements to go. Need to have 0.1 degree adjustment. App could be faster.
WiFi error. Can log into the app.
Just updated the app and it doesn't let me log in, not internet connection. App was working just fine before the update.
I've had my ecobee 3 for a few days now, over all, great functionality but no widgets? Really?
Can't login... No internet connected
Poor QA on new release. Not fluid....Why update when old version is better. Can we downgrade back?
How many times do I have to register my Ecobee...stop screwing around with the app.
Says no internet connection.
Trying to set or even copy schedules from other days of the week onto others isn't working.
Lost some key functions for tablet; auto rotate, performance data from home IQ
Can't even sign in anymore. Username and PW are correct because I can sign in on the website but not he app.
When it works it works well. The "no Internet connection" bug is a killer.
Leaving geofence sets the thermostat to Away mode despite others being at home.
Love the new update. Much faster and more pleasing to the eye. Easier to use than the older version which was slower.
App no longer works, claims no internet. S8
New update broke it on gs8
Responsiveness has improved a lot with recent update. 2 more stars when geofence works for multiple users.
Since the update on April 1, 2018 thermostat isn't showing up in the app, states not connected to the Internet
Everything was great until geofencing was removed, and even with it back now, it doesn't seem to be working.
Please bring back tablet functionality
New update still does not have working geofence
Can't log in but when im on computer I can by the website
Thank you for fixing the app!!
The app works great I just wish there was a widget to see my sensors
Keeps closing every time I try to open it.
Thermostat is always connected to WiFi, rarely is it found by the app after recent updates.
Thanks for listening and fixing a huge problem!
Good app. Please add the ability to add room sensors to the main dashboard for quick view.
No longer works after new update :(
This app no longer opens
Working good again
The latest update, brings geofencing and feels more responsive.
Love the new ability to see all my sensors from the home screen
Reduced to 3 star until Home IQ is back for tablets.
Redesign is nice not as clunky
New app update way more responsive! Props to the devs!
Great app that emulates the thermostat. New update works perfectly.
Great app that I can use if needed. But more of set & forget.
The app is pretty slick and generally works well.
I like the app work well for me!
Please, be a nice guys and return geofencing!
Great app, and the developer is very responsive.
W T F . . .
Latest update is better. Thanks for listening.
Still broken
Started working
Great And easy to use.
Broken
Its very easy to use. It has some settings you can change from your phone but most of the detailed settings still need to be set on the actual thermostat. On your phone you can also change your comfort setting as well as your schedule. Though I do wish you can view the IQ graphs from the phone, even if it isnt as detailed as it is on your computer. Update 3/30: The updated app is very clean looking and simple to use. It is very intuitive on where to look to find what ever setting your looking for. It would be nice to see how long your heat or ac has been running for that day though.
The new interface is not uses friendly. It default to a list of the thermostats in random order. I have multiple thermostats in several properties and they are all I. Random order! Unable to sort them! There is a screen with the group's as in the old app, but you cannot set them from there! Old interface was way nicer and user friendly. Please put it back.
The app is functional and does what you need but realistically I can't keep the app installed with the constant and inaccurate "no internet" full screen pop up. It's a rather bone headed design. What other app behaves that way? None. Many apps use background internet but none of them do pop ups like that
March 2018 Update: Major app inprovement. Dashboard now shows sensors for all thermostats. Also, the load time when selecting a thermostat is greatly reduced, making navigation notably faster. Once native Android notifications are added, this app will get a fifth star!! App is functional, and doesn't require much use of website. Notifications and Alerts should be Android notifications. For example, the low temp alert should be pushed to me, without me opening app!
I'm happy with the new participating sensors feature. Recent update and remote sensors battery replacement seems to have fixed my connection issues. Looks like they want to play nice with most of the iot technologies which could be useful in the future. The app is updated and now acts responsive.
I've always loved the ecobee app on my tablet until the latest version. Updated versions should improveme functionality, not remove the best features and leave behind a pathetic excuse for an app. Really hope they release another updated version in the very very near future that restores all the functionality that was stripped away. If not, it will be bye bye ecobee and hello some other thermostat with a fully functional app.
last auto update of this app broke it the app completely! Thermostat no longer registered. Can't login as app says "no internet connection" yet every other app is internet connected on my phone, the thermostat is still internet connected, and I can control it with alexa. Nice job making the app 100 % useless.
My only complaint initially was that you couldn't see sensor data on the app. Well the folks at Ecobee fixed that and now this app is an easy 5/5. The interface looks the same as the physical thermostat, so there is no learning curve and everything is the way you would want it to be. Great app from a great company.
Now that I was able to log into my account and connect my thermostat to my phone, I keep getting alerts from it about a lack of wifi connection. Every time I open my phone, there is a screen of the app opened showing no wifi connection. I don't know why, but it's obnoxious
Newest update, can't open the app. Logged out, now I can't log back in. No access via website either, bootstrap error. Opened ticket, no response. Tried to call and was presented with a myriad of choices, most of which are spoken in the bellows, almost impossible to understand. Had to leave a message as no one answered, yes, I called during business support hours ( as stated on their web page). Thanks!
Latest update removed accessibility to data logs & only allowed vertical viewing. Last time they did this, they blamed it on my tablet's OS, but it's now a brand new tablet so that excuse is invalid. Disappointing!
I continue to regret buying the Ecobee. Originally support couldn't help me and eventually I found the geofence settings I needed. Now they removed geofence. This makes the thermostat anything but smart. Removing the geofence makes this just an expensive wifi therm. Add the geofence back please!
Used to work fine, but had to remove the app from my phone after the recent update. Everytime I would open my phone a full screen "no internet connection" would pop up. Super annoying. They also removed key features. Why they ruined an app that worked just fine before is beyond me. Probably going to switch to a nest.
This app was great till the latest update. It tells me equipment is always running, even when it's not. It's always popping up a "connect to Wi-Fi" error teen when both my phone and thermostat are connected. Super buggy update all for service for a product I don't even have. Please fix this soon Ecobee and better QA updates!
Nice app but very sluggish.. Simple thing like changing the temperature with the slider can be a pain.... Hopefully they step away from the ios app which is great and bring android users up to par. Edit: latest update is much smoother so added a star
Since the latest update, I can not log into the app at all as it "cannot find the internet connection". It is completely unusable, which makes the ecobee itself less valuable to me. If this doesn't get fixed soon, I'll be moving to Nest.
Great app and Thermostat. We were out of town and our furnace quit working. The ecobee app notified me stating my furnace had been on for 2 hours and the temperature has fallen 3 degrees. There appears to be a problem with your furnace. We were able to get our Funace fixed and saved some major clean up! Thank you!
Latest rev took away the function I use most often. That's turning off the microphone remotely. Everything with the temperature is automatic via the schedule and via IFTTT. But, I need to be able to turn off the mic to prevent Alexa from responding when others are in my house without me. I can't do that from the device itself because I'm not there. The new version says go to your device. Useless!
Now the app runs the same on the 10" tablet as it does on the small phone. I can no longer pull up the reports. That was how I checked the remote sensors for weak batteries by using the follow me chart and looking for reports of presence when not there. All those features are now gone. What a waste, might as well uninstall it.
Latest update just REMOVED optimized humidity target from "settings/humidifier/frost control. I have repeatedly asked for this to be added to the web portal. Nope. What's next? removing it from the actual thermostat as well?? Who is making the decisions over there? Have your peons not relayed the information?
The app interface seems fine, but any time my phone switched from cell data to wifi, the app automatically opens to let me know that there isn't any internet connection. Why does the app hijack my screen? This is bad design.
It was,a great app until the last update. Now I can't get by the no internet screen. App restarts and displays,that annoying screen. I have to close app to use my phone
Update: March 2018 version is much more responsive & presents sensor info clearly. Waaay better than the clunky Web & thermostat interface.
Since the latest update the app no longer works. I can make the changes to my comfort settings however I am not able to save the changes as it spins and thinks without doing anything. Now I'm stuck with comfort settings that are too hot for the rising outside temp
Why would you update an app and remove useful features? The March 2018 update removed all the reports, now it is just a mirror image of the thermostat screen. Not impressed.
March 20th release broke the app for me. My tablet acts like the phone app with limited support and portrait only view. Samsung T900 12.2" tablet. Had worked fine for me for years before this release.
Until the previous version, app opened correctly on Asus S3 tablet. Now it only opens in portrait mode and only shows limited information, like on a phone's small screen. Missing all Home IQ features!
New app made me reregister my thermostat now it always pops up with this full screen view saying there's no internet. Used to love this app but not anymore
The latest update is a nice visual refresh and everything makes sense. For most users it's perfect but it lacks fine tuning options. Auto off lights minimum 15 mins? Eek. The app finally differs from the thermostat gui but definitely has growing pains. More work can earn the 5th star. Has issues where resuming the app by switching will say no connection til it is quit.
The old version is working fine. The new version have so many bugs and now i cant even connect while i am on a trip. Did they test the app before releasing it?
b'Keeps giving me a no internernet connection detected message when i try to log in. So frustrating specially because i know the Internet is workkng fine. ?????? and up until the latest update the app worked fine.'
The App is great and helpful. The only thing is since the up date it now opens when ever I lose connection to the internet and let's me know witch is very anowing.
Since the last update in March 2018, the user interface is much prettier, but half the time it tells me that my phone has no internet connection, even though other apps ARE online. This is especially annoying with the geofence feature, which worked fine until this update. Now it pops up and tells me there is no internet (with no context of the app having a problem), while my GPS app is helping me navigate traffic.
New update has an obnoxious screen that pops up when you leave the house to let you know you no longer have a WiFi connection. It doesn't even have a simple way to dismiss it either. Have to use the recent apps button and manually close. Logged out. Won't be using the app until fixed. Update: even logging out didn't stop the warning screen. App uninstalled.
I used to have a nest. I switched to the ecobee because of better humidifier support. I could not be happier. The data that ecobee exposes through it's app and website is tremendous, nest doesn't come close. I highly recommend the ecobee over the nest.
It was already kind of difficult to locate the geofence setting. So, I guess as a solution, Ecobee completely removed geofence. Makes sense, right? Take away one of the main features.
4 star for not having share account. Geofencing is useless if I can't share my account with my wife.
The latest update doesn't match the screenshot in the app store. The app very often shows 'no connection' and would not let me do anything until I shut it down. Did you upload the correct app to the app store?????
Overall I've wanted to love this app but have been disappointed. I have felt this way since the beginning. The app has always been clunky and is missing features that you can do online. I happen to notice that my Geofence was acting crazy when I would come home. I looked up the app and see that it has been removed for other people as well. Extremely disappointed. The app seems to be the weakest link with Ecobee.
Finally fixed the responsiveness issues! I don't have to hit a button 3+ times to get a response! :-)
What happened to the IQ functionality? Huge step backwards, bad app now.
The app was ok till the update please remove the your not connected to wifi notification !! It pops up all the time and I'm connected to wifi and it's annoying because it pops right up when I turn on my phone fix this asap please
The app was ok till the update now the your not connected to wifi notification !! It pops up all the time and I'm connected to wifi and it's annoying because it pops right up when I turn on my phone fix this asap please
One star for the last update. Thermostat doesn't keep temperature in the room, which I assigned, but in the occupied room, although occupied is disabled. Please let me choose where I want to keep temperature, otherwise you will freeze my child in the bedroom
The updated app kicked me out and now when I try to log back in it says it cannot detect the internet (and yes, I am connected to the internet.). This update has some serious issues.
Also getting the "No connection" full screen popup. Occurs over other apps, pops up and it is not clear at first which app is notifying that there is no WiFi connection. Irritating thing is that there IS a WiFi connection.
I hate the "No internet connection" pop up. Please fix this. This is a horrible design for an app. When it first happened I thought I had spyware on my phone.
Terrible update. No landscape mode for tablet, no reports, hard to find what little is there. Great thermostat, but the new app falls flat.
I have ecobee 3 and after last update I can no longer select which room temperature has priority during different times of the day. It just takes average from all sensors.
Previously gave a rating of 1 * due to the new update which rendered the app useless as the thermostats disappeared from the app completely when I finally had some time I logged out and logged back in then the groups in the ecobees were there key to this update log out then log back in
Stopped working after the latest update. Support told me "we are working on updates that may have impacted some users" and gave me nothing else, so now this smart thermostat is as dumb as my last.
It is a excellent Thermostat which allows you to set up comfort levels in your home. I have two installed which provides me comfort throughout my home. The app allow me to control all function of the system. It also show were the sensors status of occupied of unoccupied areas that I have setup.
The idea is there but when my system moves to night the app never reads the same as the website. They both show that they are running off of different sensors
I would like the ability to check status, set away, and adjust the temp with my android wear watch and widgets. Insteon integration and OK Google integration. All usage graphs should be on the mobile app too.
I can no longer log in to the app. It says there is no internet connection. Have restarted phone, internet service, and reinstalled app. Nothing works.
March major update removed key functionality like home IQ, geofencing and muting /unmuting Alexa on ecobee 4. Please bring back that functionality to the app. The only good thing about the update is its speed (likely because of the stripped functionality).
The latest Android update is a step backwards in a number of ways. The most ridiculous "feature" now results in the thermostats being presented and sorted in random order on the main screen. So if you have multiple thermostats in multiple buildings, you are viewing your list in random order. Worse, you can drag and drop the thermostats to sort differently, but that's just a tease: the new order doesn't save and reverts immediately back to the random sort order! You can group the thermostats, but that just displays them in group order, and that list doesn't let you access each thermostat... it's just a passive list! So you have to return to the main (random) list to actually manage your devices. What makes these dysfunctions maddening is that the old app actually handled multiple thermostats well! You used to be able to view and access your devices within groups on the main screen. I have 11 thermostats in 4 buildings, and they're now presented in a completely ridiculous sequence. Also, the old app used to present each device in the same familiar interface as the wall thermostat's, so your interaction was the same. Now for some unknown reason, the app interface shows the temp and range in a completely different way from the wall units. Whoever redesigned this app should actually be forced to use it, and perhaps they should have looked at the previous app. This new app is embarrassing for ecobee, especially for any customer who has more than one unit or more than one building or group, customers whom I would think ecobee would not want to alienate.
What happened to all of the functionality I was able to control namely the on and off of each sensor? Bad update.
So far so good after 1 week.they just updated app and took away a feature I use which was most useful sobi hope they update again soon
How in the holy hell am I supposed to reset a forgotten password because as of now I have an expensive square on the wall which I cannot use remotely
Funny, every time I bring this app up it complains I don't have an internet connection. I guess that's why I couldn't post this review. Oh, wait
Mine is for sale along with all my sensors. Hate that I cannot see my data anymore. Nest anyone?
App display a very annoying full screen message everytime my phone looses connection with the internet. Happening all the time. Very frustrating.
This app changed from an easy to use interface to a user UNFRIENDLY INTERFACE. The images shown as part of the description are not even close. There is no graphic interface - just text based screens.
What happened to the tablet view? Nexus 9 screen now works like the phone version. I would have preferred the phone version gain tablet features. Now I cannot view my metrics?
Great New look for new features. I'm enjoying the functionality of the recent changes to this app. I like how all your sensor temperature readings show on one screen as well as the integration to being able to control the Switch+plus the the same app. I look forward to seeing how it works with the Switch+ fully active.
Great app. One thing we noted was once a vacation was saved that the app asked us if we wanted to discard the vacation when trying to leave the vacation screen.
Says 'not connected to internet' but I definitely am. It's essentially useless if it won't connect the app.
Buggy compare to the previous version. I have to kill the app and restart it again multiple times to make it work.
Disconnected notification constantly popping up when I unlock my phone for some unknown reason. Highly annoying.
The new interface is a great improvement over the old. Still waiting for some other abilities like HomeIQ to be in the app.
Last update brings a very annoying notification about the wifi or mobile connection. I am about to uninstall it, I hope the fix this.
Latest update causes the app to open on its own to tell me there's no internet access... when there is. I'd really like it if I didn't need to reach the internet when my phone is on the same network as the thermostat anyway. It was decent before this update.
New update doesn't work keeps giving me error no internet connection after ever screen unlock. Galaxy s8 please fix or I'll have to revert back to previous version
Update: The new app is nicely done! Refreshed look is clean and the function is still top notch. They just know how to do it over at EcoBee! This thermostat is amazing. Smarter than its competitors (Lyric, Nest, etc.) the Ecobee 3 balances your whole home, not just the temp in the hallway with its remote room sensors. It has changed the comfort and consequently increased the happiness of our home for the better. No more worrying about the temp in the kids rooms.Wiith this thermostat we can prioritize their rooms or just let them be averaged in with all of the other readings from different locations in the home. Set up is guided by the thermostat itself and so simple and that anyone can install one and have all over comfort for their home in just 30 minutes! Don't pass this one by, because it really is the whole package and a new, better way to make comfort and savings as a priority in your home.
This app and thermostat are junk, the app stopped displaying the current temp and while on vacation any control to turn down the heat doesn't work and the vacation schedule didn't work.
Been using this app for years. It's always been fine, but the recent update makes it great. Much more responsive and there are fewer menus to dig through. The stuff you need is in the dashboard. Great update!
Uninstalling because the app is mysteriously shown all the time when I unlock my pixel 2 saying that there is no network connection
The app has display issues (e.g. cutoff characters/digits) and breaks display for non-temperature sensors values. Disappointing
Worked great until this update now when I open app it asks me to sign in and then proceeds to say I do not have an internet connection. Everything else works on my phone except this new updated app.
I continue to get a pop-up saying there is no internet connection. Both my phone and ecobee have a connection. Galaxy S9
Recent updates of this app make it unable to connect to the internet quickly enough such that rendering the first view of the app looks as if no devices have been registered. Also, sometimes it doesn't connect at all.
Keep getting a "no connection" screen when phone is connected to either wifi or cell network - cannot simply close the screen - need to close the entire app - geofencing gone - home data now a web link- very disappointing - just installed Nest Protects and love them- maybe time to switch to their thermostat as well
App was great, until the last update. Removed vacation settings from the app, can no longer copy schedules in the app... Might as well not bother with it anymore and just use the thermostat itself.
With the new update the app will open itself up while my phone is locked and not being used. It will give an error message that I need to connect to a wifi or wireless signal, even if I'm connected.
This update made it so I can't log in either on it or the website. Really upset!
Got myself the ecobee switch+ and is liking the app integration so far. I like the clean minimalist look. Very user friendly and pretty self explanatory, easy to use.
Latest update reverted to phone view on my tablet. Lost tiles and home is access from app.
Since the app update, ecobee took away the geofencing feature. Please BRING it back.
Latest version is too persistent and is on and complaining that I have no connection!
Latest update removed features on tablets. Very unhappy with the layout change for tablets.
Every brand new software release has its bugs, and they need to work on the tablet OS and geo-fencing, but the new sensor view is awesome.
It's getting to the point where I wish I hadn't bought an ecobee
I keep losing wifi connection several times a day.
Ever since the update whenever I unlock my phone after a period of time the app is up with a no connection screen. I've closed the app and this still happens.
New update removed useful feature. Only way to choose participate sensor is from the main unit, what is the purpose to have the mobile app then??
Just installed the ecobee 3 with 3 room sensors. Followed the instructions in the app and the thermostat up and running within 10 min(including positioning the room sensors).
I've been using this app for 1 year now with my ecobee3. I love its integration with IFTTT. I wish the Home IQ was on the app and not just the browser.
They removed the tablet view on my Samsung A10 tablet. Also my IFTTT is not working with geo fence.
It stopped since the last update.
Need the demo version back asap! Installing tons of these a day and need demo version to show customers while my tech is installing.
New app update is awesome! Would love to see the ability to have geofencing which would track more than one user.
New update 3-22-2018 shows "Equipment running now" although all my equpment is off.
Great improvements on latest update. Consider moving all menu items to one menu, rather than the separate top and bottom menus.
Loving the new interface. Makes it so much easier to see sensor data vs having to go and actually find it.
Really easy to use. Love that you can control your home temperature settings when away or without going to the thermostat.
the app overall is intuitive. I see a like the features in the pictures, I unfortunately don't see them yet in the app :(
Latest version of this app (March 2018 release) is way more responsive than the old version. Great app!
Great app. It works better than the old one and looks more sleek.
Easy to use with all the features I would expect. Thanks for fresh update. Works well on my S6 Active.
4 stars for not allowing to see the "Home IQ" info. Except for that - the last update was a great improvement.
I can't log in anymore and I'm not getting a response from the company.
The new interface is great with easy to read sensor pull down. Best thermostat on the market!
The latest version is finally responsive.. awesome!
Use the app frequently. Overall very simple and quick. Helps when I am traveling to check-in on the house.
Best thermostat ever. The application is easy to use.
Does what it's meant to. I can adjust my ecobee from anywhere!
Nice improvements. Loads must faster. Needs home iq on the phone and then will get 5*
It needs to add a custom schedule, sleep, away, and home is not enough
Last update sucks big time where is my geofence and IQ and layout????
b"Everyone: geo-fencing moved under COMFORT SETTINGS. you're all welcome. ??"
It's much faster in response. Good improvement!
This update makes the app so much faster and better to use! Thank you!
Great improvement with the latest version. Interface responsiveness is amazingly improved. Love it now!
New update missing geofence option.
Newest update is broken
Can't connect to the thermostat anymore.
Great app. Like the new interface. Organizes my thermostats and switches!
Great thermostat and app. Ui from the therm works same as the app for a seamless experience
Like the smaller font, get to see all on screen now.
The new and improved app is very responsive and well designed.
Great improvement and now we can see all the sensors side by side
Works well for me.
What have you done to my app???
Fantastic app. Much faster than the previous version!
Version released in 2018 includes much appreciated improvements.
Extremely easy way to control your thermostat!
Great update, loads much faster, feels streamlined
Amazing product and the app is super easy to use.
Works now.
So much better.. thank you for the update!!
New update = "no internet connection error"
Much faster than old version.
Update made everything about it better!!
Works well no problems
New update is great
Love my ecobee
Good stable app
Simple and easy to use
Easy to use.
Love it!!
Great app
Good
This latest release will give me a full screen warning if/when I've entered and are with no service. This is highly annoying, and reminiscent of malware as the only way I can get rid of the warning is to use the "square" button to switch between apps, and then close the ecobee application. Please remove this annoying feature, or at least make a configurable option that users have an opportunity to disable.
Took the most important and potentially biggest cost saving feature away, geofencing. Regretting purchase and will return for Nest. More management
Why was geofencing taken away, it was the only reason to have the app on my phone.
With recent update my I couldn't control thermostat remotely. I had to uninstall and find an older APK online for device. Will update score upon working update.
It was great until we lost geofencing on galaxy 6s
The new update ui is great. Nice to control.
I'm updating from 3 to 4 stars after using for a couple years. They did add the ability to see the remote sensors which works great for my kids' rooms and making sure they are comfortable in the middle of the night. The app is a breeze to navigate. My only wish is more aggressive improvements. After 2 years, the app is pretty much exactly the same. They are good on bug fixes, but I would love to see full feature data viewing with charts like you can do on the full website.
App is sluggish and unresponsive at times. It was a bit confusing to figure out the schedules as well and even then there's only 3 settings (home, sleep, & away) with no option for custom settings. The thermostat itself is fine but the app is due for a major update. I use an S8.
This app has suddenly started logging me out every few hours. I turn off my phone, then the next time I pick it up, I'm greeted with the ecobee login page. Even if I'm not trying to use ecobee. Very annoying, and makes the thermostat 1000 times less convenient... Based on Google searches, this is an ongoing, unaddressed problem. Very disappointed.
The hardware is great. I like the additional sensor. But the application is just so so. It looks like the company try to collect user data for everything but don't want to invest to increase capacity of their server. You have to wait for their server response for almost everything. The application is buggy too. I even can't change a simple schedule without issue. Hope the vendor can improve their software and architecture.
Works like an Apple, horrible. Its like they hired a bunch of apple kids to develop this. Slow and unresponsive . Have to press the buttons many times. Have to wait for changes to save. Cant use the back button to go all the way back, must use the back arrow on the top left like an apple phone, therefore must use two hands and remember to not use it like an android. Can't access system configuration screen.
Hate latest updates! Was working fine until this "spring update". Use only on tablets and was efficient; showed current settings, weather, current running equipment, etc. Bring back tablet support, not just phone! Options were only a tap or two away. Now requires several taps just to get at frequently options. Good thing I have backup of 3.2.1 and reinstalled that instead.
Liked the EcoBee 3 at first but once Summer came noticed the AC would never shut off. Literally a meat locker in our house with the temperature much colder than where we set it and the AC won't shut off half the time. Called support a few times and downloaded the newest version but it never fixed the problem. Had enough and went back to the Nest and installed today. Save yourself the headache.
It's nice to be able to check and control hvac from anywhere. But the geofence feature is terrible. Cell reception at my job is terrible and the app can't seem to re-establish a connection to my ecobee until I'm back home on wifi, even well after getting cell reception again.
Update your reviews people...Day two of my new stat with app. No complaints yet. Right now, easy 5 stars. Will update that if I find issues On S7 with ecobee4
DON'T UPGRADE - If you're using this on a tablet or in a landscape format, don't upgrade. The recent update only works in portrait mode and doesn't give the same heads-up format that actually made it good. I switched from Nest to ecobee in big part to get away from the crappy app format, but now ecobee seems to be following. Now I need to see if I can find an older version to sideload. I hate when developers go backward.
I have 2 ecobee thermostats - one in my shop and one in my house. I can't access either from the app. Well sometimes I can - but mostly it tells me they are offline. I have to physically go to the thermostat to make changes ... I bought them so I didn't have to do this. I'm not just lazy and not wanting to walk across my house. I'm needing the remote features. Dissappointed.
Still cannot set schedules with custom time formats. Only allows 30 min increments. Slow to load pages. Already bought a second Nest Thermostat from Best Buy and comes with a free Google Home Mini.
I ended up uninstalled this stupid version that everyone hates and reinstalled a backup version from December and I am much happier. I also disabled auto-update as well until this stupid move is resolved. This new version really sucks. In previous versions I was able to quickly go into or out of "Home", "Away" settings, also the auto-detected occupancy. This version no longer shows these preset modes nor could I easily get out of them to go back into the regular schedule.
When on the main menu, I often have to tap options multiple times to get a response. Also, when I go to quick options then return to the main screen, my current temperature simply disappears. UPDATE: Going to one star because you still haven't fixed the problems in spite of the many complaints you've received.
When the app works it is great. It is intuitive and easy to use. The interface is clean and readable. The problem is that it continually crashes, sits on connecting, or fails to show the proper temperature. It can have the nicest features in the world if I can't use it when I want to it doesn't matter.
App worked well before 6.0 update. 2 more updates since and Geofensing still not working right. I had to revert back 3.2.1 APK, and now I'm happy again. (tired of waiting for the BIG fix... )
Good, but limited schedule windows. Why limit settings to on the :00/:30 ? It leaves 30 minutes of time you can't customize to your life schedule. My 20 year old Honeywell let you schedule to the minute.
They need to spend some time actually working on a native Android app instead of just a bad iOS port job. The back button never responds in a way you think it should, forcing you to have to use the on screen navigation. Also the screen transitions are poor, always sliding in to the left, rather than sliding out to the right when appropriate.
App. can't adjust temperature. Randomly changes settings. It's super frustrating. Does not work correctly. Still have to get up and manually adjust ecobee4
It is not as intuitive as I expected but once you learned how to navigate through the menu, it is quite easy to set the comfort schedules for either cooling and heating schedule. My only request is that, please remove the hard coded 5 degree spread between cooling to heating and allowing me to set my desired limits.
Keeps crashing and doesn't work Won't let me set temporary temp override, just goes back to schedule no matter what. Even though I tried forcing a degree higher temp since it insists to keep temps below comfort settings anyway and I'm just cold!
Basic functions are there for simple changes, but lacks key features like the analytics from HomeIQ to see if it's running properly. The one major issue is outdoor weather is not updated frequently enough resulting in the heat pump operating outside of threshold making it very inefficient and shortening it's life. Some evening temps drop quickly from 42 to 28, but the update is from 2 hrs ago and the heat pump kicks on below my 35 threshold. Opposite issue in the morning, when aux heat is wasting energy when heat pump should start. Update weather every 15 mins!!
No updates for 6 months. Still randomly logs me out, requiring password entry even though fingerprint auth is setup. Still shows the thermostat selection screen even though I only have one ecobee. Syncs slow, tap response is poor, and it fails to work when the internet goes down even though you're on the same LAN. Needs a lot of fixes.
Ecobee3 is the biggest piece of junk customer service is the worst blaming customer equipment on a faulty thermostat design. We have a brand new system in a brand new house and the ecobee 3 keeps shutting itself off and rebooting. Customer service blames it on our equipment. Changed out with another thermostat Nest brand and no issues at all. This is after paying a tech to come out and look at our system that is 6 months old in our new home. After hours and hours and hours of arguing with customer service and all the bad reviews on the internet about this thermostat issue they want to blame us. It must be the million dollar home and furnace that's bad. I'll stick to a brand that actually works with customer service that makes sense
Ok. Needs some tweaks. The dashboard for multiple tstats should show if one of the tstats is running the fan or calling for ac/heat. Also, the ability to run the fan shouldn't be hidden in the quick setting.
The geofence feature requires setting an extra wide radius to prevent false positives. What's really annoying is it sets your thermostat into away mode when ANY associated phone is outside the fence, even if another phone is still within.... So my wife and I are constantly freezing each other when one of us leaves the house.
Device is great, app is mediocre. Got updated, lost username and password, had to re-register the device after login. Save/cancel butttons not visible on some of the screens.
Was great until Daylight Saving Time began. There is no way to adjust time and it won't update the time by itself. I need to manually change all my schedule. Please do something about this!
This is a easy and clear app. I would suggest to have time setting for how long being Away. So we don't need to remember to switch it back to schedule setting.
I like that I can change the settings on my Ecobee without having to stand in front of the thing. I don't like that the app is REALLY slow to respond to my tapping. Sometimes I have to try 3 or 4 times to get it to do something.
Love the thermostat. App needs to be started over from scratch. Too many problems.
after update ecobee doesn't recognize my password so I can sign in on my phone, what happen.
Terrible app. Just got this for Christmas and I have to press buttons several times for it to work. Also it won't let me change the schedule. I've reinstalled app, factory reset. Nothing. So frustrating. Exchanging for a Nest
I have had nothing but trouble trying to get and/or stay connected and travel 4 moths of the year. It locks me out. I can't just reset my password. I have tried reinstalling and everything else I can think of... frustrated and have been let down repeatedly due to counting on it working!
The usability is iffy. Back key seems to present a dozen panels after you venture one level deep.
You can't set a schedule. You can't cancel an existing schedule. Not sure if it is an app issue or a firmware issue because im having the same problem on the device, the phone and the web portal
App is slow to respond. I should only have to tap an item once not multiple times. Please fix so i can rate you higher.
Love this app. The ecobee is by far the best smart thermostat on the market today, having tried two other models as well in another home. We decided to use only the ecobee and love it. The app just adds more value!
So this Geo Fence thing only works for a single thermostat in the house? I can't have it work for both my ecobees? Boooo
buggy....temp on main screen disappears if you navigate away from that screen then back
App has a hard time connecting to internet to use app from phone, even when in the next room. App is not very responsive.
Whatever you just changed made the app useless. Keeps saying that there's no internet connection when there is. Ruined. Avoid app
Expected to have access to report function but it is missing. It works but I would prefer an app that was fast and fully functional to one that was slow and mimiced the GUI of the thermostat
Had to delete - constantly popping up with no internet message, even after closing the app.
Works for most things but the thermostat display sometimes is missing and the weather just shows an error
Remote sensors keep getting disconnected, they were fine for a while, now it's so annoying. At least once a day. They are maybe 2 months old.
Had to revert back to 3.2.1 The latest version looks so crappy and small display.
love the way it works , when it works, why does it disconnect by itself, and then never reconnect, it just goes off line and stays there, most diappointing when we are away, would love to here why this happens and what to do to make it work, and reconnect when it disconnects
Just wont work. Keeps saying to connect my thermostat to wifi but it is.
Request: Can we get georeferencing with atleast 2 phones? I have an android and my wife has an iPhone. She doesn't even have georeferencing feature in her app. If it could check that we are both away from home and then on away mode. Thanks!
This app is essential if you own an Ecobee thermostat, but the user interface could be better. Does not display usage history.
Think it needs more Alexa supports and options to configure from the app. My ecobee 4 and echo compete. Makes life hard to get the ecobee to work right.
Geofencing do not work after update.
Very easy to use if you have the thermostat, this is a piece of cake. We have multiple homes and phones and this works well for us.
Takes time to do any control. Really hope app developer could create some widgets for easy access.
For the most part I've enjoyed the new update and all of the changes and new features that have improved the UI experience
Very slow. Non-responsive. Bugs.
need a lot of improvement. you need to tab few time so the window can open.
Why does it not show the time of the day along with current temperature.
For what it does the app is good. But really needs the home IQ graphs and output to really make useful.
Works great, just installed. Wish I could monitor the remote sensors though.
Good app. It can be better with another indicator that the heat pump is running on emergency heat.
Slow to communicate with thermostat. No "on time" stats
Will update once I get a reply from support...
Great App, easy to use. Wish there was a passed usage feature on the app.
Does not allow "all thermostats" in geofencing.
Forgot password no link to change or retrieve so app is useless
Works well on my new Blackberry. Gives me all the important information.
b'Works great easy to use . Great job guys at ecobee??'
Geofencing not worth a darn. Otherwise so far so good
Great product easy to use app.
The best
Great
Latest update broke the app. Unable to view my thermostat. Comes up empty. Logged out and can't log back in. Please fix this. Unable to manage my device remotely.
Frequently drops out and won't accept ID & password
Locks up constantly
Limited for a smart thermostat.
Great improvements. Now I can see all my sensors data in one place! Keep it up!
The current app doesn't work (unable to save temp chgs after making chg in comfort settings) - the earlier version worked great. I have the SI thermostat
Incompatable w/LG Android 4.1OS
Great app for a great piece of hardware
Installed on a Galaxy. Worked flawlessly in spite of being installed on an older device. Love the interface. Quick and snappy. The interface is similar to the main thermostat interface so there was no learning curve.
Basic functions work alright and performance of app is much better than it used to be. However there are tons of screens that show the wrong info. Mentions of away mode when adjusting sleep mode sensors, fan on auto when comfort setting has it to on, incorrectly shows AC is on when it's not (and shouldn't be).
The recent update has made it worst. Itv throws a full black page saying no wifi connection when waking the phone from sleep. Despite the have that wifi is connected and all other apps able to use wifi. I am using Galaxy S7.
Used to work great, but with new update they removed my home IQ and geofencing. Terrible, terrible update. If they bring back previous features I will rate 5 stars, until then however, I cannot and would not recommend ecobee and it's app. Honestly one of the reasons I even bought the ecobee3 was for the app. Truly disappointed. I hope they do something to fix this problem. If not, they will have lost a customer.
App does not work! Keeps saying password invalid. Changed it through the link, still says invalid. This is the second time! I don't have time to keep calling customer service!
Used this app for Echobee Switch+ and it's very glitchy. You cant turn off any options because when you do they just slide right back over two seconds later. Device continuously needs restarted. Echobee needs some drastic improvements to stay in the game. Seriously considering dropping echobee completely.
App was working until the latest update. Now it's requesting me to install a new device or register an existing one. Log out and logged back in and it just gives a "No internet connection" error message. Surprised an update could be pushed that renders an app useless this day in age. Also, please change the error message. It's not "our" internet connection. If anything say a connect can't be maybe to your server, but don't blame us for your faulty update.
App won't let me log in. I can log into the web interface, but the app keeps claiming my login and password aren't valid. What good is an app you can't access?
Right out the box the a/c does not even show on the unit. In fact I can't turn the unit on at all. To your reply it was not the wiring. My hvac guy came back out and corrected a setting for the OB. Your rep had me removing wires and something that simple he did took 3 seconds to fix. So, I will move your stars from one to 3. Because the instructions for use can be better.
Stopped working tried to reinstall. Won't let me change settings used to work fine just started having issues. Very irritating
The app is buggy with my first gen Ecobee. I cannot save comfort settings without error and it doesn't always show equipment status. It used to work just fine.
This app does not work with the Google Pixel 2. I've installed and uninstalled countless times with no success in it allowing me to log in. I keep getting the same error message that's says it cannot connect to ecobee and to make sure I am connected to the internet. The frustrating part is that I am able to login to the app on a Samsung tablet, but not my phone.
Been ages and with many updates...still can't set incremental comfort settings to small min level increment. Csn only do 30min increments...this doesn't always work makes the feature useless. Please make it to min level increments.
Like MANY here have already indicated, this app gets stuck on the "green splash screen" and FREEZE'S. Therefor I will definatly be returning my thermostat back to the store - USELESS FOR THE MONEY PAID!!!!
Brought back geofencing in the latest update.. But it doesn't even work. I bought this thermostat specifically for this feature. It needs to be fixed.
The latest update made the app very slow to start. Unusable!
Don't like the update. On a Samsung Galalxy S2 tablet, it only opens in potrait mode and all the home IQ information that made this app and thermostat so useful. Please fix
Won't install on my Droid phone. It just hangs with a spinning circle
Expected an update that has room temperature sensor inabled. Was promised summer 2018. Any comment from the manufacturer?
Had to uninstall and reinstall the app because it wouldn't connect to my thermostat, then I noticed that geofence disappeared. Where did it go? I want it back.
Not sure what is going on but when I try to log on it tells me that no internet connection error...wth?
HUGE app with inability to remove install vids!
The latest version is really great. It clearly states what is the cooling and heating tempature. Also, the temperature just stays with what we setup. I guess, it is now ignoring the heat/cool difference which is good.
New update sucks. It doesnot detect the internet.
Installation time to Galaxy S5 Neo 60 min plus
It is a very good, convenient product with many features Incorporated. LOVE IT!
Amazing app! Really brings the remote utility of my Ecobee products to life.
It will not connect to my thermostat
Geo fence is not saving after i pick the fence.
Still not working after updating 03/31/18
I really like the new and improved look and functionality of the the app. Thanks
Works great