Some features (such as configuration of scenes) aren't easy to locate at first, and the integration with Google Assistant could have been better explained. However, the application is functional and feature rich, as one would expect from a developer such as this. Pretty happy so far. Watching a lightbulb update its software made me feel old.
Routines break, Leaving/coming home option is broken too, and only works when it wants to. Geofencing action preferences get reset for no reason in the app after a while. Will geofencing ever be recognized by Philips as an issue they need to work on? Otherwise it's a great app and fun to play with
The app does what I need but I generally don't use it that much as I've integrated the Hue gateway to Domoticz system and control everything there including using Qubino flushes that provide button control to provide virtual groups for the Hue bulbs. So using various platforms which enhance the combined usage of various tech.
Meh. Wish it offered control of other systems. I have a few Wi-Fi-based outlets; I can control everything with Alexa. This forces me to completely avoid the Hue app besides setting up new bulbs. I imagine it must be difficult to go down the rabbit hole supporting other systems. But if the Hue app could at least control the rooms, without creating a cyclical loop(lol), that's be great....
Problems connecting for out of home control (app says logged in, when on home wifi, but doesn't connect on LTE or con. takes a lot of time - no such problem on iOS). Tried cache/data cleanup and reregistration of device. Overall: The most fun comes with the Labs tab:)
From one to four stars after Philips worked on the App to improve it and re-introduce the functionalities of the old version plus adding much more. I still nave some troubles with the auto on-off based on location but I hope that will get fixed. From the previous review: I want to be able to edit the scenes, assigning manually the color of the lights inside that particular scene. Right now lights are a random colors picked from the picture used by the scene. Please bring back the functionality that was there in the first version of the app!! It is quite simple... let save a picture a let select for each and every bulb the color I want! EXACTLY like in the old app version!
Coming home feature does not work. And yes I didnt everything correctly. I'm good when it comes to tech. It's the main reason why I got the lights. Please fix ASAP or I will be returning the light very soon.
This app is getting better over time butninfeel like a few things could make it much better. First of all multiroom scenes are important and featured in almost every other friends of Hue app. There are still some connectivity issues that come and go. The Alexa voice features could be improved too but overall the app does what it's supposed to.
Keeps disconnecting from app almost impossible to get through setup process. And once the setup process is complete it disconnects constantly and is completely unusable. Same result on multiple networks and configurations. Trash. Returning it tomorrow.
Dislike the new app. They've killed the simple list of lights **when trying to edit a scene**; now all you have is the color wheel, and you have to hunt and peck around all these little pins to try to find a specific light. Step backwards IMHO. At least let us have the old "list view" option in addition to the wheel. Philips reply doesn't apply to scene edit.
It's a good app BUT only 3 stars BECAUSE: - no feedback option in the app to give suggestions - would be cool to have synch app from pc available on phone without using third party apps. - more options from the lab integrated in the app/rooms - missing option to save 1. Apps configuration 2. Hue bridge configuration in case of a reset. - missing info on lamps in the app: serial number of the individual lamps - when using go to sleep routine with fade out: before the routine kicks in, my lights are already dimmed quite way down, when the routine kicks in the lights are undimmed all off a sudden, would be nicer if the routine picks up the already set dimmed So there is room to improve on this app, which I like using :)
The app is just okay. Not very intuitive and not overly easy. I can't seem to get the Widget to work on my Galaxy S8. After I configure the Widget it won't turn the lights on or off. Occasionally it will work but it gets out of sync with the lights and they will be on but the Widget shows them off.
Just upgraded to hue bridge 2.0, I set up my entertainment area in one of my rooms and everything was fine until suddenly my room and the lightstrip it was in, both got deleted in the app and now everytime I try add them back, they automatically delete themselves after a few seconds. All the other lights and rooms are fine. Please fix!
My review is of the Hue ecosystem in general. In general the bulbs are expensive, app development is slow and and app performance is okay at best. That being said all the other products out there that do those things better also seem to come and go at a moment's notice. I've settled on Hue as more of a slow and steady partnership to avoid holding a box of unsupported tech in a couple years. I had a number of minor issues connecting to the HUB reliabl, I have a great Google WiFi meshed network so connectivity isn't the problem. I was running the old v1 (round) HUB but have since installed a new v2.1 and the connectivity problems are gone. I'd highly recommend a HUB upgrade if you are running the old one. I've offloaded most of the automation to IFTTT applets for control. Basic static scheduling works fine in the app but if you want more dynamic control like location or sunrise/sunset controls set up IFTTT applets.
The app is pretty good. But why can't I set a timer for a light to fade from current setting all the way down and turn off over a set period of time?
I love my lights, I could never go back to regular lights! Not sure why the app has negative ratings, I think they work great!
The new app is a fail, Requires me to define an entertainment area? Why? I have non/ Just want to install my movement sensor. Can't get it to work at all. Now what?
I have 23 Philips Hue lights throughout my house, a long with other smart home product. Combined with Google Home allowing me voice command over my home is nothing short of amazing. A clear winner for me
b"Doesn't allow new setups I had this exact config but needed to temporarily unplug the bridge to physically move it across the room. Now, it's impossible to re-setup the bridge. The app first detects the bridge and then says it can't find it after it asks me to do the button press. I regret not having gone with Smart Things ??"
Wish I didnt need the middle man (the bridge) to connect to the app and change colors. I'm Returning it tomorrow
Works great for home automation I just wished the accessories (motion detectors/dimmers) had an API that can be polled on state changes with openhab.
App is fine. Editing scenes doesn't seem as easy as it used to be.
It isn't very intuitive in some areas on how to get stuff to work.
This app is not responding on my s8 galaxy just stays on searching for bridge then finds it. It then stays on the same page can not move off the page. Will be going back to store for a refund
Getting better and better. Using hue bulbs and hub. Very pleased with it
90% of lights in my house are now Hue Bulbs. Complimented with Sensors & Switches. Everything works great. This App is very simple to use and is also very responsive. Highly recommend.
I was able to set up the hue lights pretty easily using the app. Controls work fine.
Says hub needs an update and will not do so.
Crashing after start.
I've never had a problem with this app. It's worked fine every time.
finds bridge but won't link
b'Great App for controlling lighting, so glad I picked Hue ??'
Home & Away isn't working
Straight forward easy to use app.
I like the new design.
Gea
It's practical on so many levels. Turn off my lights when I'm not home. I use with google home. Also good for the eyes if you wanna go to sleep you set your lights to orange. Quite useful to wake up with the right lighting... I can go on about.. just buy it and this app is the best designed tool for it
Slow to launch, need to wait through a splash screen, widget is ugly with an inflexible layout. Otherwise the app itself is fine to use once it's finished launching. I often just use the light switch instead because every method of activating the smart lights is so much slower (voice assistant, unlocking phone and launching app).
1) Too Slow. Running Hue in the flagship Android phone, Pixel 2, it still takes 3 seconds just to load the app!!! That is a long time wait to be able to turn off the lights. 2) No feedback in app. I hate having to rate an app I don't like just to be able to leave feedback. 3) It's easy to turn lights on and off and to change colors and brightness with the app, but setting up schedules and sensors seems way more complicated than it should be.
App has evolved since launch. Feature set that I use is caught up. Only thing: my hub died due to a power surge and there is no BACKUP AND RESTORE FEATURE!! What a travesty. Please add this feature
I'm incredibly disappointed. These lights are not cheap and with the update on 10/4/2018 I can no longer use the app which is skrt of the whole point of them. I have a Samsung galaxy s8+ and when I try to start the app the hue screen shows up and then goes blank and. Never loads. I can't control my lights.
The September 18th update has rendered the app useless...I can no longer access my lights. Alexa and Smart things still works. Please fix
Added sunrise sunset but neglected to allow time to be programmed as a set point. Example turn in at sunset and off at 11:30 pm. Still have not addressed this logical request. Terrible
Most recent update "having trouble finding your bridge?" Pops up and blocks user interaction for duration until it fades. Not having trouble finding my bridge, either.
Apps on BOTH my phones opens up to a blank screen, I can't control ANY lights in my house!!!!! What kind of junk is this?!? Just got told the following from Philips - Hey Dave, the issue seems to be with android 7, can you update it to the latest android 8? If that is not available it will be soon, make sure to keep an eye on the release. So if you have anything below Android 8, as I have a Note 8 and an S8 running 7.1.1 and 7.0, you're just out of luck. WORST SUPPORT EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just got off the phone with Philips, they know nothing and I was told I would "Have to wait for a supervisor". Can I turn my lights on in my own house? I'm sorry, you have to wait for a supervisor.
Buggy mess. I've never wrote a review for an app before. But it's so bad. First, connecting the lights is a huge pain. The home thing never finds the damn lights. I have great internet at my place and the lights aren't far away. I have to go through each and every single bulb and manually type in the serial number. Then it tries to find it but it doesn't tell you what's going on. So you have to sit there, staring at a blank screen, hoping it's even trying to look for the lights. Second, the connection to them is garbage. Half the time when trying to turn them on or off or adjust the color in what not, it doesn't work. They don't change. And the tipping point for me was today, the app on my phone doesn't even open anymore. It stays at a blank grey screen after the Phillips hue logo shows up. Can't even get to the main menu. Tried reinstalling, nothing, doesn't work. Very disspapointed especially for the price of these lights which I have spent over $300 on.
Love the hue products and app. I tried Sengled lights via SmartThings at first and wasn't happy with its performance. Switched to hue and it's faster and more responsive. Much better and way happier. Wish app booted faster though!
Won't open on multiple phones, app goes black. This is AWFUL.
I don't have too many problems with the basic functionality of the app, not like some of the other reviews here, but ever since the last app update I have the same constant issue when I try to create a new room. In the create room menu, if I select the menu to change the room type from the default of "Living Room" upon returning to the main create room setup screen, the check mark in the upper right has vanished and never comes back, making it impossible to save the room - the only available exit is the Android back button or the X in the upper left.. Every new room I've setup since the app update has therefore had to stay as type "Living Room." Seems this is a simple and basic bug that should NOT have made it out of basic QA prior to release, hence the 3-star rating.
They just update this app and ruined it. It will no longer let me see my lights or bridges. I have lost all my settings. I called for support and was told
The app loses tether with the bridge at the most inopportune moments, requiring a press of the bridge button to make it work again (usually just as I'm about to go to sleep). There's lots of useful functionality in Hue Labs, but this is in a separate and clunky interface. A lot of it should be included in the main app interface...
Doesn't allow multiple configuration with one bulb or multiple bulbs. Over the first generation of the app is user friendlier
It was okay at first when using with Google home it does not always connect however there was a recent update and any time I open the app It just goes to a blank screen I have tried deleting and re installing but it is still doing that I have an S8 Note note and good Internet
b'This app after update does not retain settings, after update it asks me to to reconnect to the hub, but again my settings have vanished and I have to individually input them again. This app/hub should have a back up settings function. For this I have given it 2 stars ??'
The app has greatly improved over the past couple of years. I really appreciate the research and development of that has gone into it.
Easy to use, does exactly what I want. Except for the motion sensor, it only has two time dependent periods (night and day), it lacks morning and evening.
The one thing gen 1 could do - basically work - doesn't work on gen 2. Finds the hub but won't connect. They have exceeded my expectations on suckage.
After the laat update the app just crashes as soon as I open it.
Forces you to update, else you can't control the lights. Hate it. Needed to control lights and then I couldn't do it!
Not downloading update for my lamp. Always showing unreachable.
Not the most user friendly app I've used.
Why not add extra option to set up light sensor extra time, now it only has day and night time. Hue essentials and hueDynamic has more options, even screengrab to play movies and change the lights what is on TV, like phillips sync with games on pc.
Updated review based on fast improvements to the functionality. Really nice app now.
Funktionalitet från förra versionen är borttagen och denna innehåller fler buggar
Now it's great apart from the long load of the splash screen
Wordt ik eerst verplicht om een update te draaien voordat ik mijn lampen kan bedienen. Erg gebruikersvriendelijk.
It is not working on my phone!
It is a nice app but I can't get it to work away from home.
Does not always connect
App stopped working
Easy to use and no major bugs.
Does what it says
Much better.
Well the old version worked better. This latest update will not let you add custom colors to the widget. Also. You can no longer make up a whole house button, or even scene anymore. I have 18 hue lights. Pretty disappointed. Will try a third party app
Good app I like it. But dont have to use it that often thanks to, 1. Voice control via all my Google Home devices spread out thru the house, so if I need a certain room's light on i can just say it no matter where I am, and 2. Instead of opening my app, I have the widget saved to my screen with 5 presets for the most common rooms of the house in case I'm outside and want to quickly turn them on before heading inside! I love it! However the app itself is pretty awesome and it let's you do so much!!!
I paid more money for the lights than I wanted, bravo you got my money. Do you need to add insult to injury by having a splash screen for several seconds to remind me why I should have just bought something cheaper? It prevents me from accessing my over priced lights when I want them to which puts my use of your products on your terms. So can I please use my lights when I want to papa Philips?
This app never wants to work for me! Makes me feel like sometimes I spent the money on the wrong thing always slow and takes a couple of presses to get it to work all I want is to change the color in my room and forget about listening to music with the lights synced I've had these lights for over a year and finally reviewed I was thinking to myself maybe I just need an update but dang this long?! If I'm lucky the lights will change colors but I don't need to settle if I've spent this much money it's the app that's all bad because my Google Assistant gets it done fast and my Logitech Harmony does it way better than this app the old app before this one actually worked better, way better I don't like complaining but dang it's like they rely on other programmers to do it right for them, the lights bulbs are great and bright it's just this app
These Stupid "smart lights" can't even turn ON at sunset, & OFF at a designated time!! So how smart are they Phillips? Also, every time the app has an update, the timed lighting routines stop working so lights don't turn on!!!! That makes my house look empty every time the app updates...UNACCEPTABLE Phillips!
I have to use the gen 1 app so I can control individual bulbs in the same room with dimmer switches. In the new version, you can only control the whole room. Please fix this. Very annoying. Update App still sucks. Routines don't run as scheduled and just disappear. Going to use smartthings to control the bulbs because hue programmers are horrible.
By itself it's nice but it really shines, no pun intended, when you use it with Google home. The location features seen to be massively delayed in Pixel 2 XL, often triggering 15 to 20 minutes after getting home.
Unable to update the hue bridge by remote connection. This is required for the app to work with most of the functionality. Philips when will this be rectified? Philips - your response only points out that you have released a defective update! I am overseas & cannot use the functionality that was previously available. Philips advertise that the system can be used remotely - you are now in breach of Australian consumer law. Once again please advise when this will be rectified or provide a way for consumers to revert to the previous version of the app.
Wake-up routines in this app do not work at all for many users, and this has been the case for the past year. This is a garbage app that has been abandoned. Luckily there are other apps you can use to control Hue lights.
Worst app! Randomly turned my light and son's light on at midnight (not set to do this). Now I have a crying 1 year old in the middle of the night. Thanks Hue for nothing! Steer clear of app and find a better one.
Update - Followed support instructions and now all routines do not work at all! Where is the zero stars rating? Original - Totally worthless. Went on vacation in another time zone and all routines stopped turning off the lights when they are supposed to. Basically leaving the lights on all night as a signal that we were away. Contacted Phillips and they knew about it. 'Next update...'. month later... Not fix. Looking for a different solution... Do not buy Phillips hue.
Pretty difficult experience. The basic app is okay and has best features, but Hue Labs is unnecessarily complicated and seems to have a seasonal menu of options that are extremely buggy and unforgiving. It seems Philips is more concerned with pushing the bulbs instead of promoting their use.
Terrible, useless app. Says all lights are connected, but routines don't work and lights don't respond when app is used manually. Philips will never get another dime from me. Unless you like frustration, STAY AWAY. We need a reliable company to take over the smart bulb market.
Still a horribly designed app. Constantly fails to connect. I use 3rd party apps with 0 issues. I don't understand? The app is pretty, I'll give Phillips that much, but wow, what a crappy app. The 1st Gen app was better even!
Works well but the widgets are very finicky about the order you change the settings in, lack customization, and look like garbage. Go to sleep routine makes the lights brighter before dimming them if they're already at a very low setting.
The app works just fine even though recently I've noticed the routines don't always work. The system overall is confusing to use. I've had it 6 months and it still confuses me. Like I said earlier, the app works fine. But way too confusing and a lot of things that don't make sense. Save your money and buy something cheaper. You don't need the bells and whistles or the hassle and headache of trying to figure out how to use the bells and whistles.
Why you won't recognize my bridge ony Hue account? I invested 1.500USD on lamps that I cannot automate using Google Home because your system doesn't recognize my bridge!!! This is a know issue for over an year and you didnt fixed yet!
Update: this app is still nonfunctional. Each light has to be controlled individually, routines don't work, home and away doesn't work...all of the reasons I invested money in hue lighting no longer seem to function. I get better functionality from cheap Chinese smart lights and smart manager! As of 8/11, this app no longer functions on any of the android devices in my home. Uninstall/reinstall does nothing, resetting all devices does nothing. All of my Hue product will be hitting FB marketplace.
The dumbest smart lights. They won't light up at sunrise, they won't turn off when I leave the house, they won't turn on when I come back home. What's the point of spending that much when you don't have much in return? I'm quite disappointed.
Honestly the advanced features don't work at all. Routines never trigger, timers are a hit or miss and Home and Away uses a ton of battery power all day pinging the GPS but doesn't turn on/off the lights when i get home/leave. The 1st Gen app works at least even if it offers fewer features. Honestly I dont see how a company as wealthy as Philips can create such a broken app.
Since the last update I now only have limited control over settings because I'm always "Connected via cloud" while sitting on my couch next to the router. Continuously tells me im not connected to my home WiFi and to connect to my home WiFi to make changes. Nowhere in the app does it list a home WiFi...and I have the router directly connected to the only router I've owned. At least the basic on/off and color changes still work.
The app takes too long to load for something so simple as turning on the lights, even on a high end device. The interface is imprecise and often misreads touch commands. The app won't work over wifi if outside internet is down, which is completely unnecessary- they're just profiting off your data and forcing you to buy their overpriced accessories. I've had Hue for a year and regret the purchase. EDIT: The Phillips rep doesn't even know their own product. The app definitely does NOT work without an active internet connection, even over your local network. Downgraded to 1 star since they apparently also have incompetent customer service.
The old version was perfect, then they tried to fix it and made the whole app terrible nothing works as quickly as it used to and I can't select a specific colour for my lights without it changing to something else. Seriously disappointing there is a reason there's a saying "if it ain't broke don't fix it" this is a perfect example of that.
A shame for Philips. Took a big amount for the stuff and are not able to provide a proper app. Third party apps are much more better and have more functions. Home & Away never worked for me. Hue developers have a look into other apps and integrate the same functions. That's really a shame.
It's not intuitive, the way things are hidden under layers of navigation is a pain (I just want to start a timer not add a bloody routine), controlling individual lights means opening a room and selecting one then Co tooling it. And the out of home connection is woeful. Its so patchy and slow. The Google integration is poor now as well. If I hadn't spent so much money on the system I would ditch it and get something else
New colour wheel is rubbish. Cannot find red on it. I downloaded Autodesk Sketch Book, created a RED sketch. Saved it. Tried to create a new "Scene" (FFS) using the RGB selected RED colour and the light now appears orange. When I pay top shelf prices for tech, I expect it to be able to do the simple things
b'A bit slow and lacking the ability to access individual lights, like my TV Leds strip is poor, but functionality keeps on improving. Using this with my Tap, Dimmer switches, Harmony Elite remote and Echo devices works well ??'
App stability issues exist. When it's working it fulfills what you would expect for basic functionality. They could do more with it. Would like to see lighting effects such as strobing, flickering, alternating lights, patterns, etc.
Can't find function for setting "power on brightness" and also "power on colour" like xiaomi/yeelight has. (When using a lamps power switch, the spot is too bright for a bedlight) needs instant update. Missing random flashing mode for tacky parties.. missing function for changing light colour /power when people set of motion sensor. (not simply on/off) thinking that maybe buying this system was a mistake...
Really good app, with a few missing features. The schedule app should have a way to change the scene without changing the light state. Fx I want to dim the bathroom lights at 22.00, but if I use a schedule it will turn the lights on (which it not good if I went to bed early), I therefore tell it to turn the lights off 30min later, but if I'm unlucky; the lights will turn off while I'm in there.
The low rating for this app is OUT-DATED. It's one of the few apps that hasn't needily asked me for a 5-star review every time I open it. Just goes to show how broken the Google Play rating system is.
The updating is ridiculous once week everytime I feel like I use the app it needs updating. The updates display no changes either
This app is garbage. 100x ways to do one thing wrong, I could build a better platform in an hour. Give it to Nest.
I had some concerns about the update but all resolved now. The app is easy to use and controls all my lights just fine. Widgets are particularly useful for switching scenes.
The low score is misleading. This app works perfect on my older Galaxy s6 edge I'm currently using even. I have no problems out of it.
I don't know when it happened but now my app won't connect to the bridge, the lights still work when I use the switch... And no easy way to get help in the app
The app miss some key feature, which make its usage really uncomfortable. For example you have no control about what scene setup it's used during routine. This makes me crazy. Long delay when change scene from widget. I'm going to change app if no improvement is gonna arrive.
After having the app for a while I change my review from 1 star to 4. I wasn't liking it at all when 1st installed but after using it a while it's not bad. I think a few things could be better, but overall it works well.
The experience of this app is horrible. Hey Phillips invest in UX folks who know how to design for users and hire researchers to ensure it's functional and intuitive. No excuse.
I love philips hue bulbs... but... Status shows incorrect info e.g. lights are on even when the the bulb is switched off at the light switch.
I love my Hue lights, but there is one major floor I find with the light and room set up. I find it a frustrating limitation that you are not able to control individual lights within a single room and you have to set the lights as seperate rooms for some functionality. For example, in the master bedroom, we have a main light and two bedside lights. You can thankfully select the individual lights within a room for wake up routines. However this option is not available for 'go to sleep' or 'Custom Routines'. A shortcoming thankfully overcome with Stringify for automation of our light set up. However, short of creating additional scenes that isolate individual lights, we can't use the three dimmer switches within the room isolated to the individual light globes. It would be far more helpful if when setting up the dimmer switches, one could select a room, or a light globe within a room. Overcoming one of the biggest control flaws I have seen within the setup. If would also be great, if Philips could make their dimmer switches and motionsensors available as a trigger for outside applications, such as Stringify or IFTTT.
The app is very glitchy. It's a hit or miss whether it actually turns lights on. Can freeze and crash randomly. You never know if lights will actually turn on from movement or by the app.
I had to move about 6 months ago, and I tried to get my Philips Hue Bridge set back up in the new apartment. The app said that the bridge needed to update. The app will not connect to the Philips Hue Bridge, even though my phone is on the network, the bridge is on the network, and my phone can see the bridge. Additionally, because of the limited functionality of the app while it needs update the bridge, the app won't let me into the settings so I can set the IP address of the bridge, so it can see the bridge. I'm more than $300 in the hole, because of this backwards setup.
I absolutely love this app. It gives a ton of control and it's never crashed or not worked. I would like to have the sensor times to be independent of each other so I can have several settings instead of just day and night.
The issues below still occur. I've reset everything and still all this happens! Lowered my rating due to the fact that there's no way to tell anymore if you're away or not! Are you adding this back? Also sometimes I get home now and all lights are on and I've set it so only 3 rooms light up if it's past sunset time.
App is constantly filled with bugs. To name the worst, mine is currently stuck on 'limited functionality' for a bridge that is no longer in use. If you are going to lock out your users to force them to update, it's probably a good idea to allow access to settings so that the correct bridge can be selected first...
App says my bridge has an update and I can't do anything until its is updated, yet the update option is grated out. Absolutely terrible app.
I would have given a 3, until I discovered the entertainment areas. It is phenomenal, asreally atmospheric. Look it up if you don't know what I'm referring to!!! (Thank me later because it isn't made clear immediately as I've owned the lights and usee the apps for almost a year and didn't know about them) The geo fence works most of the time for me and the rgb nature is right up my alley. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is that I don't have the option to download the app on my smart TV and enable entertainment areas without using my PC. I never knew how much I needed this in my daily tv watching experience, but I would go out of my way to buy a Phillips TV in order to make something like that happen. 5 stars when that happens, 4 stars for now
The best way to officially control all your Philips Hue lights. I think the only thing missing is the ability to control your lights via a notification. That would be the icing on the cake!
Bulbs can only belong to one room, so there's no way to control your whole house at once. A pointless limitation. After years of Hue it's not clear that their engineers have ever attempted to use their own product. EDIT 9/1/18: Thanks for the response, but it doesn't do a lot to explain why the app as it stands has less functionality than the old app from a couple years ago. Apparently, the strategy is to make this app gradually less and less useful to force people to use Homekit/Alexa/GH. Phillips has lost me as a customer and an advocate, and for anyone reading this before investing in a set of bulbs, I strongly recommend you consider cheaper third-party options and skip this ecosystem entirely.
The app is constantly saying it can't connect to my bulbs, even though Alexa, which is using the Hue bridge, can connect. It also wont let me use the color options through Alexa, which wastes the entire point of buying the expensive color bulb since approximately half the time the app won't work and the only way to change the bulb color is through the app. I am so disappointed and angry that I wasted my money on this.
The widgets are highly useful. My bedroom is RGB now, and my lights can be controlled from my loft bed. Needless to say, this is excellent for sleep quality.
Very good app like changing colours depending on what I'm doing in rooms my kids also love using there razer gear synced to there colour lights saved money on electric bills using these lights well impressed highly recommend the Philips hue range can't wait for future to see what else they bring out
Appears developers weren't aware of the Symantec certificate deprecation, even though there's been 12 month's warning. . . #awkwardmoments
For a manufacturers app, this is just plain awful. I have my Hue lights all set up online & their app works ok on my Ipad but this is just plain junk & Phillips shoukd be ashamed of themselves.
The new updated app cannot even connect to my bridge. I did not have this problem before the update though the app was barebone but at least it worked... At least I have HuePro which works flawlessly. Tip to Philips hue division: for such a popular product drop more money and work on an app that can both wow and work at the same time.
Ignore the old bad reviews. They overhauled this app earlier this year and it's amazing! Hue lights are amazing and extremely reliable.
Hue is now price gouging their products on Amazon that ship to California. I'll never buy a Hue product again.
The app is much better and more visually appealing than it used to be, not many complaints quite yet. Works just fine, many of the issues I have are more hardware than software related.
This app asked me to update the hub's firmware at set up but keeps crashing the update and there is no way to cancel the update. As a result I can not get to the menu to set up the light bulbs. I ended up using the Gen 1 app to setup the bulbs. Even this app crashes at the hub firmware update.
Is it possible to get a add on where I can have a on off switch for a certain light as it's frustrating that I have to open the hue app every time just to turn a light on. Eg button to just turn living room Lights on with on.
Finally made an app that works. Since the lights came out the app has been slow and crappy. Finally years after launch it works as you would expect a Philips product should
Who thought that hiding the new scenes behind a photograph icon would be a good idea??? Where is the power full scene editor hidden? On iOS or hidden in some sub sub icon?
I regularly have to uninstall and reinstall in order to prevent crashes on start up. Note 4 - Stock android user
Update makes it very slow to respond, now some lights will not shut off without having to shut off the whole house first
Crashing when I edit and try and save a scene. Work great before the update.
The sunrise routine DOES NOTHING! IF you want the lights to go from Nightlight to Energize at sunrise. tough cookies. you are only permitted to turn your lights off at sunrise. Who the hek decided that "off" is the only thing anyone would ever want? that is so dumb! FIRE THAT PERSON! some of my rooms don't have windows and once the sun comes up, your eyes adjust TO THE BRIGHTER NATURAL LIGHT and the nightlight just isn't bright enough anymore. COULD SOMEONE PLEASE FIX THIS? the sunrise and sunset routines SHOULD HAVE THE EXACT SAME OPTIONS! THAT ISN'T SOME HUGE PROGRAMMING CHORE! JUST COPY PASTE THE CODE FFS. LOOK AT YOUR REVIEWS! UNTIL PHILIPS FIGURES OUT HOW TO HIRE A PROGRAMMER TO COPY PASTE A FEW LINES OF CODE, DO NOT BUY THESE LIGHTS.
Why the constant updates that do nothing other than stop everything from working?
It's fine, works as intended, but it's missing split-screen support meaning that if you're watching YouTube, you need to pause it just to toggle or dim the lights. A fix would be appreciated.
So many bugs, worst is alarms just don't work. If you can't rely on them, why have them?
Awesome app but doesn't detect when I get home anymore since upgrading to Pie. Reset everything and no luck
Home and away routine not working properly. Please fix Android Oreo Nexus 6p
1) Selected color gets changed automatically to different shade 2) Light on/off slider in main screen and light control panel are not consistant
App works well, make sure you don't leave setup half way through as it will get stuck. Easy to install on second run and link with GoogleHome
The update made the app better but I'd like to see a bar like in musoc players that shows the lights whenever you're in the app with just brightness and on/of button. That'd be nice
Philips is the new windows, broke the lights cant control them anymore after update.
2 months since I've purchased my Hue lights and I still can't change the color temperature of my warm light lights included with starter kit.
Useless as basic features like default when switch on light not present in same room 2 light detected but 2 didn't come and list goes on so waste of money if there is way I would have returned it
Last update broke scenes, every time you quit app, scene changes
Could set up lights but was never able to link to my hue account or with Alexa. Will try another Ap
Latest update stopped all switches from working. Thanks.
Doesn't work. Starting the app crashes all time. Only see a black window.
Shows my current routine in the app but does not do it as far as actions. Still does previous routine.
cant add own scenes and colors as widgets, only default ones, why?!
A room of lights keeps randomly turning on and it's pissing me off...
The iOS app looks great but you didn't bother to do the same for Android? I paid for this service, make it worth it.
Most of the functions provided by app are working. Location services are not getting triggered even after setting home location in my android 8 devices.
Update app is working nice ,finally all those scenes that show as devices on your GH app under home control can be deleted.
Do any method and still cant find the bridge.. all lights on bridge is on.. try using personal ip still not found.. well wont change star unless its fixed.
Working better now. One Hue color not able to update firmware.
For a big corporation this app is really pathetic.
That app is fine other than the light interface. The dimmer buttons are too small. You can't touch anywhere on the dimmer. You have to hold the button and slide the dimmer.
Great app and a great product, but it has problems communicating with the Google home occasionally and that's a pretty big problem.
Bought my light bulb, and installed this app. When I started this app. it said hue bridging not found. If I knew i have to buy a bridging, I would have not buy it
App only works if you have a bridge. Can't get past that if you want to setup a standard on/off bulb
Very unstable after last update
Well maybe more improvements are needed but on my opinion it's a good app. It's pretty easy to control. Thx phillips
Many basic features like location aware don't work at all.
It's fine but the brightness sliders are too small
It doesn't work well
App keeps crashing after update
No idea why some people are rating this app poorly. It's amazing and does everything you'd expect it to.
Nice, but limited usecases. Please add possibilities to set colors by hexcode and/or 8bit rgb
Home and Away stopped working
Really easy to use and I like that you can set times/sleeps wake cycles
Nice and simple to use, especially after the interface redesign and simplified login to Hue Labs.
b'app disabled until updates are installed ??'
Its unresponsive at times
Very good app, would like to see an improvement of the hue widget
App sucks..needs to be more simple..
Best app yet. Well done Philips great job !
Newest update does not allow for editing or saving scenes.
The old app was better. Will try a third party app next.
IT CRASHES!!
Make sure you have a good wifi router.
Excellent App , easy to use and works perfect .
You can't even link this to the android alarm app.. worthless
Works perfectly with my Razer setup. Excellent job.
Works flawlessly on 1 mobile and 2 tablets.
Cloud connection is great. No issues so far.
Great app, simple to use.
Outstanding products and app.
POS.
Getting better. Much better.
Really good app
Great!
Works really well and looks nice with the redesign.
App works well for me other than daylight sensitivity with the separate motion sensor - the sensor turns on lights when it's inbuilt daylight sensor believes it needs to, ignoring any tweaking done within the app. Software or hardware fault? Update: reset, deleted/re-added - still lights when app reports sufficient light. Can't message - don't use facebook
Its okay. I dont know why so many people have given it one stor however. Sure it could be refined a bit for greater control, but for setting up lights, routines, rooms it works just fine. I have 10 indoor lights and acessories and 12 outdoor. Slow initial update time, but have not had any issues. Maybe they are expecting the 3rd party apps to take over, which they allow.
WARNING: hue lights are ADDICTING. Once you try 1 you will throw all your money and soon start replacing old bulbs to hue like a pro electrician. App gets 5 stars for the additional functionally in the Hue Lab formulas.
It's a decent app. Most everything works. My only complaint are the widgets. They don't work correctly. The widget state always shows the light as off even though it's on. So you have to always press it twice to turn off a light. EDIT: all this time and the widgets are still broken.
The app was previously working well until it tries to update the bridge. Most times when updating it shows the 'Oops' screen and one in ten it says the bridge was updated. However, even after the ' successful' update it goes back to the screen saying the bridge has to be updated! The app worked perfectly fine before and now is only limited to turning on and off lights, no scheduling or colors. An extremely frustrating app!
I read the description of the gen 1 app when it turned grey and it said everyone anticipating second gen app but its significantly lacking in features and functionality. I definitely prefer the gen 1 app so far. I can no longer choose specific colors from the scenes with drop arrows, can't share scenes from the gen 1 app? Maybe merge the two apps together so we don't have to keep switching?... And why does it think I'm in Khazikstan? It won't maintain my location. Hopefully it's a work in progress. Update: dropped to 2 stars because i keep setting a light and it won't maintain the color i set. This picture crappy app. I keep trying and hoping it'll get better but it keeps reminding me why I still only use the gen 1 app.
Lately the bulbs seem to have a mind of their own. Not sure what's at fault here, the app or maybe my Google Home, but the lights turn randomly on or off at times. The other day they turned on 5 times throughtout the night. Needles to say I did not get a good night sleep that night. This only started happening about a week ago. What's going on? I tried deleting and re-downloading the app. Did not work.
Latest update broke automatic home and away routines based on location. Kind of defeats the purpose of smart lights. Previous versions worked so well too. A real shame.
The app doesn't work at all anymore. It constantly says not connected when my Google home and the bridge is connected just fine to my router. Simply just does not work anymore at all. What's the point of a smart home setup if the app is stupid and does not work?!
I'm having several bugs. Please help, it says connected but doesn't respond
This lights are amazing, I recently had to get surgery and cant move to much from my bed for the time being. I installed these around the house and use my google home to voice activate the lighting so I dont have to get up and its helped alot. The app works well and looks good. Great way to set up your home for smart capabilities
While I enjoy the smart bulbs, I don't enjoy the default setting after a power outage being "on". You're woken up by 3 am power outages and it sucks.
The idiotic Hue Labs part of this signs me out about every five days for no reason. It is maddening and pointless. Response to criticism said they fixed this issue but it still happens just as often.
This app is horrible unintuitive. Setting up the tap is virtually impossible.
The app is intuitive, simple enough, but thorough in its ability to help you use your hue lights in a great deal of helpful ways. I have the ability to locally or remotely change my lights, but what I love mostly is the location aware features.
It's complete lack of vision that, recovering from a power cut, puts all lights at full blast. Philips tries to justify this with emergency situations. In which country is a power cut followed by all lights on at full blast. In a catastrophic situation, such as an earth quake, there likely won't be any light after such an event. What this system should do is proceed according to user programming (e.g. in daylight lights are off, if evening some may be on at a certain level, and later all off).
I have contacted Philips Hue support on my issue. I use Google & Amazon Voice Assistants and have friends with the same issue. There is no option for Back Door for a bulb. I tried to do other and relabel it Back Door, Backdoor and my Voice Assistants cannot find a room called Back Door. While I set the room to other and relabel it I called the bulb just about everything I could think of it will not find it. If I call it Room Type Kitchen and Bulb Name Kitchen Light it works flawlessly. The backdoor is near the kitchen so it works but it is frustrating that I cannot use my assistant to turn on bulbs as I am doing a smart home. But it is not complete if I cannot use this system as it needs to be for my needs. My friend also has Google and Amazon assistance and cannot do a backdoor type or bulb name as it will not recognize it. So as did I we deleted the bulb readded it and labeled it just about anything with Room Type as Other and the voice assistant will not find the bulb. I call the room any other category already in the app call the bulb by the matching room type it works flawlessly. I would like this fixed in a future update if possible to just add Room Type Back Door similar to the Front Door.
I would return my hue lights and buy another brand if i could because the only consistent thing about this app is that it keeps getting worse. Third party applications are way better but it's a shame Phillips can't do it themselves.
When I get a power flick of electricity it takes hours before I can reuse the lights. Could you make the recovery time faster because waiting two and three hours at different times of day and night is not acceptable
No longer allowed to connect locally. If your internet connection goes down you no longer have control of your lights.
The app is generally O.K. but I would like the option in routines to turn a light on at sunset and off at a specific time. Currently, if sunset is used the only option to turn off the light is sunrise.
The new version is much more stable, faster, looks nicer and is easier to use. Great improvements over the last version.
Works great! First time use and connected 4 Hue Go led lights with the hub, first try and worked like a charm. App seems stable and got the sync working perfectly for movies and games. Recommend
Wake up feature doesn't work. Lights randomly turn on throughout the day.
So far, I think the whole thing sucks! No instructions with the product. No instructions on the web site, but plenty of information on selling other products. I've been screwing with this thing now for 2 hours and I still can't make it do a simple timed on/off sequence. I guess they figure only employees will buy this thing and they already know how to set it up and use it! Customer service? What's that?
Amended, latest update is good and stable, no issues at the moment.
Swipe Gboard doesn't work inside this app.
Out of home connection never works
After recent update my voice assistant no longer controls my lights in the house
Epic app that makes light and parties just so much more fun! Love this app to death! I absolutely recommend it.
I've never had any issues with it. Works great, app is set up to be user friendly
Hue works on my WindowsPhone, old Iphone4s, Ipad.... But not under Android
Worked great up till the last update....now it does not function with Google Home.
Individual lamps or rooms. Again: Still no groups.
The app works well and is easy to use. Does exactly what it says it does, and does it well.
Seems very well made. Much better than LIFX's app.
Philips has improved everything. I love this app!!
Works as expected.
Never have any problems, works perfectly
Regular updates and hue lab is a great resource
Find it very helpful when controlling my lights
Needs better widgets!
It is a good app for sure
Awesome works very well
Fantastic!
New app update fully locks behaviors until you update your bridges!? Thanks guys, I don't have time to update two 50 light bridges and components in my morning, I just want my lights turned on correctly. New update for app took a great turn with bringing back the grouping UI etc, but this is a trash forced feature.
New update breaks geofencing. A large part of the appeal of a smart light is that it will turn itself on and off based on your GPS location. NOT THESE ONES. When I bought my lights a year ago geofencing didn't work, then there was an update and it started working for a while. Then there was another update and it no longer works. This app is so unreliable I question Philips' competency and won't buy any more of their products.
The Entertainment setup led me to believe id be able to play a console game or watch a tv show with sync, but that isnt the case. It seems to only work for PC gamers that own Razer equipment. Sadface. But improvements in Hue 3.0 have made the experience much better. Still sad about the entertainment fumble
***(Lastest update 8/1/18)*** Instead of adding new features they should fix the technical issues with their app. These smart lights are not being very smart!!! The bridge won't connect to my hues account. The app finds the bridge just fine and controls the lights. But when trying to connect it to my account on the website the website can't find the bridge on my network. Therefore I can't use alexa.
This app was perfect before you guys pushed this recent update put. It completely messed up the whole system, telling me lights are unreachable and making Alexa not able to simply turn the lights on or off. I've resetted my bridge and everything and it still doesn't work. You guys need to fix this because I'm pissed, and I'm sure I'm not the only one.
At this point after spending hundreds of dollars on hardware and apps. I'm done. Pray your wireless router doesn't fry, pray that if you decide to go with Samsung Connect (I wouldn't advise it), pray that you have hours of free time to spend just getting your Hue Hub to connect... I don't have the time, nor the patience at this point so close after my Fathers death. Look for an eBay listing. I'm switching to LifX and Sylvania, and dumping Smart things while I'm at it!
Would like Google Home labs commands. The labs though, I don't understand why it's in an app browser and not the app itself. It's a confusing gui and nothing is an easy to understand order with labs. No categories or alphabetical order.
This app and the bulbs we're working fine until this new update. This is complete trash. How can a developer mess with doing a simple update. It tells me I can't connect but doesn't allow me to navigate the app only update but the update bar doesn't show
Unable to update the hue bridge , it's connected but keeps saying No connection in the App , then App freezes up. My friends heaving same issue. The bridge update should be in the software update. Need a solution or I'm returning the lights.
Still an utter load of tripe. Great hardware, backed up by abysmal software. I have two Hue installs but can use neither as the app is stuck on "no connection, limited use until update" loop. I go to update and the button is greyed out. It prevents me from switching to any other menu item so I can't change the Hub connection. Having reinstalled the app to clear the loop, it seems the devs have managed to cock it up even further by stopping the out of home login from working anymore and to ensure irritation is secured, removing the web interface that i used to use as the app is so rubbish. Please do all us customers who paid a LOT of money for this hardware a favour, sack the developers and get some decent ones in. Not pleased.
The user interface improved tremendously with the 3.0 release. One thing I'd like is some more precise control over color definition. For example, a button that brings up an alternative to the color wheel pocket, providing inputs / sliders for hue, saturation, and lighting.
While I think this app has incredible potential there are numerous things that are missing from everyday life circumstances that can be easily added in order to create light scenarios for specific situations. Despite some minor issues the app itself is fantastic however has one major flaw that needs to be addressed. If you lose your device and have to download the application from scratch and you are not located inside your home currently there is no physical way for you to bypass the search for the bridge initial setup process. There needs to be a existing customer login button added to the beginning of the application before it automatically initiates a scan.
Updates should be canceled. I don't need my own light bulbs to be disabled once every couple of months to prompt me to update a product that was already works.
This app was great until the recent update. Now it's impossible to connect to and update the bridge on my device. App is useless until bridge is updated.
Latest update bricks the whole system. Can't edit rooms, add lights, or even update without app closing. I will not factory reset this phone because you're app is worthless. If not fixed ASAP, I will be putting everything on Craigslist
Since update no lights are operating. Disappointed as initially worked fine Only using initial start up of four bulbs, not looking to expand till things improve.
Would be good, but keeps deleting my custom routines. Very frustrating.
The latest update as of TODAY, killed my connection to everything!! Can't connect to the bulbs, hub, or software update.
Useless. The app can't find the bridge even though everything is working just fine through Google Home.
Terrible! App doesn't work 80% of time, updates constantly and nothing works with updates pending
Worked fine until recently. Whole setup is back to light switches now. Can't find the bridge and the app won't update without it.
The latest version of this app is light years ahead of where it was a year ago. I really appreciate the updates, the slick graphics, the easy scene creation and deletion, the grouping ability--it's all much improved. Thanks guys and keep up the good work!
Update broke core functionality, my lights no longer turn on/off based on location, looks like a lot of users complain about this.
Routines dont work. How can i automate mu lighting when it dosent automate. How bad a programmer do you have to be to have a timed event not fire?
UI looks better but they need to focus on security and speed when using the app. The main use case is immediately changing a light... After that comes colors and schedules. Also need some kind of authentication... Access binding.
I find myself using this more than any other hue app in order to control my lights.
Since the last update, I can't turn any of my lights on, I cant seem to get connection to my Hue Bridge
Will not connect to my hue bridge over 4G...... C'mon guys! You can do better,
Worked great until the update. Now I can't update or control the app because it says it can't connect. Restarted the bridge and still nothing
Awful crashes since last version and Outdoor connection not working anymore.
Extremely expensive and unpleasant experience. Requires the bulbs, a hub/bridge and an online account. Returned all the items for a full refund.
Generally a much updated and better app however I'm unable to delete rooms for some reason even though I removed the lights and all the routines
Cant skip update, to use app. I dont want an update at 2am.
Everything works except home & away. Tried doing what you said and still doesn't work
Thanks for the update on stability of the hue app! It's very great now and the widget is fast too!
Refuses to add new remote control until it's spent 20 minutes updating
Does not allow you to select a scene when setting up a schedule.
I have been enjoying this past update. Overall pretty stable compared to before
Amazing app with great functionality!
Works perfectly fine on my S9/WiFi! Great app with great interface!
Absolutely amazing, works wonders.
Great app
App is unstable, it keeps losing connection with the bridge. The routines and "go to sleep" rules are not stable and they switch off automatically and randomly. The features supprted by app are good and more than enough, they just need to improve the quality, stability and fix the bugs instead of keep adding new features. The app drains my battery and I had to uninstall it.
It just doesn't work. Alexa finds the hub just fine. The earlier version of the app worked fine, but when I restarted my router for a security upgrade, the IP of the Hue Hub changed from 192.168.1.6 to 192.168.1.3, and the app was unable to update. I tried "Searching" for the right IP and that never worked. I deleted all the data for the app and re-installed, typed in the IP and it still didn't find the Hue Hub. Just typing in 192.168.1.3 in the browser worked fine and shows the libs used on a web page. It's an App issue. Tried again a few weeks later and now it worked. Not a solid app, and why is it so huge, 70 MB to turn on the lights.
Had an issue with updates not wanting to start. Unplugged everything for a few minutes and then left the lights off while i reconnected the hub only. went and started the update for the hub with the lights still off and unreachable and the hub managed to update on it's own. the lights still don't want to but i'm going to try updating them individually.
Getting there. These new changes with the latest version are an incredible Improvement. There still needs to be a lot of room made up. The widgets are a complete mess. Other controls have improved tremendously. As stated, there's a lot of work needed to improve this product.
Used to be great. Rock solid for routines, out of house worked great, no complaints. Then they updated it and pretty much broke everything. Google can't connect, they have the stupid second hue app to do out of network control, sometimes routines work, other times it's unresponsive. Roll it back Philips.
The new interface makes it much more difficult for little hands to use - my kids used to have a lot of fun changing the colours on the "rainbow wheel", but the new "click and drag" interface requires a level of precision that asks a bit much of those still developing fine motor skills. The tiny icons for the scenes don't help, either. A step backwards in my book.
App will not link bridges and remain stable. Linked one time and then lost the link. Website finds the bridge with no issues but the app fails repeatedly. Don't buy Hue until they improve their connectivity issues
Doesn't appear to work for me. I'm using pixel 2 android 8.1. Cannot find bridge. It is connected on my network as it works ok on ios. Update: Ok, after bridge and bulb updates, I have managed to get it all working.
Havent used long enough to say how great it is yet, so 4 stars for now. But one thing that irks me is that even though i changed the titles of my widgets, they're all labeled "widget"
i can not see the time when the motion sensor was last activated! i can see it when it is activated, but after 1 minute when the light turns off and says Inactive, the time disapears!! do not hide it! i need to see the time when the motion sensors were last activated, when i am away from home and conected through internet (labs) for security reasons! this is one of the reasons i bought them
Please change behaviour of lights after power loss to keep it off. Currently all lights power on in energy reconnect.
I really preferred the old app. I find it very confusing to change the brightness and color of individual bulbs. It used to be so simple and now it's more difficult for the way I use it.
Good looking and feature rich app. I also got good support when there was a bug in an earlier version; thanks for that, rating adjusted to 5 stars. One more thing i think would be a valuable addition: multi-room scenes! Keep up the good work.
When using a routine to schedule lights on. There are 3 options available. Bright, dim and night light. Using dim the lights come on at the specific time at dim. Good so far, but dim is preset to 30% and cannot be preset to another level. So every night we must open up the app to adjust the dim level to 50% or whatever level we need. Bright option is 100%. Which is too bright. The last state option would work but that option is Not made available in any routine setting. So in summary I'm using a bridge and the latest app. The sunset on option is fine but cannot preset what brightness value is like. It drives us crazy. Please give me this basic setting for lights on via a routine. Last state would be nice then I could leave the app alone.
If I had a nickel for every time I couldn't turn my lights on because this couldn't connect I'd have enough money to buy a second one so I could throw two of them in the garbage
Forced upgrade, now automation is broken. Cannot set a routine to turn the lights red at night. The only selectable light recipes are 4 of the presets, the custom ones cannot be selected in automation.
Used to work fine. Now it constantly goes in and out with unreachable status for my interior and exterior lights. I'll be looking to try a different brand next time around.
Lot of features In routine don't work as intended. It keeps randomly turning off. Location detect doesn't work on my Android. Works fine on my wife's iPhone.
The hue lights are expensive but they work very well. The app is easy to use and navigate and also works very well. Good products.
Cannot find my bridge. Alexa functions cut down in half. Cannot use remote or motion sensor. Useless. Will be selling it soon. It's been 6 months and the hue bridge still cannot be found when it's on the same wifi network
After last update it lost connection with one of my 2 hubs. Now i cant even connect to the good one, as it is stuck in must do update note...
Why the hell can't you even create a scene that turns all lights off in a room? Shovelware. Would recommend other smart home systems created for functionality rather than pretty screenshots.
The latest update has finally fixed the things Philips broke in the last update
this app is terrible since the lastest update, i carnt understand why they would have changed it the last version was fine.
Since the 3.0 update the Home & Away routines don't work anymore
Unable to download, error code 495. Download stops at 20.90mb
I wish the light strips weren't so expensive. 89.99 for 6 feet is kind of up there. Otherwise I really do like the setup with my lights.
I have just installed it since five minutes and I already love it, it's intuitive, fast to install, and smart, indeed! Full of features and options.
Stopped working with Google Home as of yesterdays update
Not sure why other people are complaining about this app. It works great and does what it needs to do, and it seems to do it well too.
I have the Hue Philips colored lights and I can't get my Google change the color on my lights I can change them by hand and that's it
Location aware isn't working
I feel myself scammed for buying this s@@@
After the redesign the app is much less cumbersome.
Great APP I incorporated the functions with Google Home and IFTTT which makes it an even more outstanding APP.
The ap will not link to the bridge.
Thanks for addressing feedback!
It works again!! Thanks again
I recommend this set up.
Works great
Great
The app so far so good. Only it does not function with 4G (like tp-link does), only within local wifi. Hopefully the scheduling is save over cloud or it does offer to reset only wifi and not everything, and then losing the setup scheduled. I changed my wifi password, and it still work without the need to reconfig the app or the hardware, unlike tp-link, this is only for LED smart bulb with motion sensor and hub from phillip in comparison. Good job.
The previous version of the app worked wonderfully, 5 stars on that one. The new version is unresponsive and takes a few on/off cycles to get lights to come on or turn off. Clicking the switch 3 times shouldn't be necessary to get my lights on. I ended up pairing my Google assistant to the Hue account, works way faster than the app with voice commands. Crazy that a 3rd party integration works better than the native app now...
Pro tip ~ Use this app to set up your bulbs then find a good 3rd party app! Just read the reviews and it shows this app has had a lot of ongoing issues. Even with the latest "Big update" the app is buggy. I see the latest features plastered all over my tech news pages, sadly none of them seem to work for most of us. Maybe it's time for Phillips to pair this app back to basics and let others continue to produce excellent apps that actually function. Thumbs down
The "out of home control" stopped working after recent slew of updates. Hue support was no help. Tried reinstalling the app, hard resetting my router, phone, and bridge. Then to unlink bridge from my account to re-link it, except the website couldn't re-link the bridge, then the support person blamed it on my router. So support broke usage through Google Home/Assistant, IFTTT, etc. A week later, after changing nothing on my end, tried to link the bridge again, and it worked! "Out of home control" still doesn't work, though. App won't acknowledge that I've logged in after granting app permission on website.
Useful for setting up, updates and basic fighting functionality. But for at everything else. For some reason, I can't seem to change the different scenes. Like I'll modify a scene to a different colour temperature and as soon I save, it changes to a warm temperature. So annoying!
To the developers: Why does the app require my GPS location to set up simple time-based routines. Also why can I not set up sunrise/sunset events based on Zip Code versus GPS location. This GPS usage requirement is too invasive in this age of data misuse and theft.
Theres problems with the new update. Cant adjust my Ambiance bulbs to the really warm tints without going through scenes or presets. Turning it all the way to warm in the adjuster screen wont get me anywhear near where it can get through scenes.
The new app does not let me select the entire range of colour for white/ambiance bulbs. The bulbs can be set to 2200k in other apps but not the official app! They can be set to a warmer settings ONLY in a 3rd party app... We is that all about?
Ambiance settings not storing correctly. very annoying for a new smart device. also no warning of this. I thought I had been programing incorrectly untill looking at other reviews and seeing the known issue response.
Very unreliable and messy app, avoid if you can. If I could give it less than one star I would.
Phillip hue made a big deal saying that this is there biggest update yet. For me it's nothing to shout about, you've made your app easier to navigate and more scenes (which I didn't get in the up) what I was expecting was for some of the features that you have in the labs would be baked into the full app.
Never connects to the box now right after the warranty ran out. Time to move to a new product. Horrible support.
Needs backup restore function. Without it you I'll have to set up your whole system when the bridge fails. And it will fail.
App now works. The new design is a nice touch and the options for scenes are something I never new necessary until they were given to us. Thanks for the update and for fixing the issue.
So great. Up until I wanted to add the fifth or sixth light. Then it crashed every time I tried to do anything related to adding another light. Moved to third party for the time being.
***UPDATE 6/30, Philps has responded blaming the gen 2 bulb not supplying the color I wish to produce in app that the gen 3 bulbs are capable of. This app will not save brighter daylight spectrums and only four defaults of the color spectrum the color wheel provides. This could be fixed if the app recognized that I'm using gen 2 bulbs and supplied us with the correct spectrum for that particular generation. ++ I recommend skipping Philips for a company not bricking their previous generation's experience in app for their newest customers. ***ORIGINAL POST What is the point to colored/white bulbs if the app resets the color seconds after you save it. This app is driving me mad. I love this concept and the look of the app but if the app does not function properly then we're just throwing extra money down the drain!!
The app was working great before the update. The home and away feature no longer works and I can't control the lights unless I'm connected to my home network. I have to go through my Alexa app in order to control the lights if I'm away.
Every update, I cross my fingers and toes, hoping they've added the two most obvious missing features: (1) the ability to activate a fade out on a bulb or room without setting up or changing a routine, and (2) the ability to join several routines together in order so they all finish at (or run from) a set time. Not yet! The system is still great and absolutely beats Belkin's wemo system hands down. But these two missing features would be a game changer. I want to be able to activate a fade out when I'm getting into bed, which (because I'm not a robot) will not happen at the same time every day. At the moment I have to manually add a new routine, on a timer, like setting an alarm to go off straight away. And I want to be able to change my whole 6-step 40 min staged multi-bulb wake-up routine - without manually changing 6 separate routines to each start after the previous one. Just need to link the steps in a single routine and have the sequence start (run from) or finish up at a set time. Please, Philips, add these two features to make your good system perfect!
It takes several more steps to use the preset lighting formulas "relax", "read", "concentrate" and "energize" then it used too. Still would like an easy way to have the lights randomly cycle through different colors. For me that is the whole point of having a color change light. Edit: The preset lighting formulas keep disappearing. These are the settings that I use the most. Please fix. I tried to use Living Scenes as suggested. Nothing happened. There was no button created to turn it on/off as the instructions stated. I tried twice then gave up to do other things. Edit: The original preset lighting formulas (relax, read , energize, concentrate) dissapeared again. Please fix. These are the settings I use the most.
Suggested fixes: *firmware of bulb should remember last state when mains switch off *improve stability and responsiveness between app input and bulb action *updating should occur in the background - not practical to leave device on for the long duration while updating devices/bulbs Many thanks.
Junk! Can't make a scene as it keeps reverting back to the last scene. Syncing devices isn't smooth and most of all the hue sensors don't work 25% of the time.
*** UPDATE 28/06/2018 *** Latest update has not fixed the ongoing issue where the lights turn to a dull orangey yellow colour whenever you attempt to create a new scene or edit an existing one! Has Philips given up on fixing the bugs that need fixing? Customers are paying alot of money for your lighting solutions yet your FREE app renders the system completely useless! ***************************************** 23/06/2018... Oh dear... yet again it seems Philips push an update to the app and yet again they manage to break functionality! It's now not possible to edit scenes or create them without issue... create a new scene, set the lights to required colours and brightness, hit save, and it reverts to a completely different light colour and brightness! Absolutely useless! Come on Philips sort it out! Great product but the app is a serious let down since you changed the UI a month or so ago.
Mediocre. Fortunately there are 3rd party apps to set up things the official app can't. There is one big thing missing, that can not be set in any way, the default state the bulbs use when powering them off and on via regular swiches.
My white ambiance lights don't get as warm as they used to. The only thing that has changed is the app. Is this a bug?
Unresponsive at times. Especially when selecting on/off or dim levels for rooms. Needs to be force closed and restarted to work properly.
As many others are experiencing, the update has removed a large range of warm colour temperature on any of my bulbs. Works just fine in 3rd party apps.
This app itself is ok but the bridge limit on lights and accessories means I have 2 bridges. I can't control two bridges with Amazon Echo devices due to the design of the Hue apps.
How is there still no feature to have a default color, brightness, or theme for my bulbs? Having to open the app everytime I turn on my lights to change the settings is pretty tedious.
All of a sudden all scenes for my lights are showing up in Google home. Also linking unlinking with google home app result in a blank page. This is not acceptable.
This app is Garbage. If you are going to charge people $50 per light you need to make sure the app actually works. I've spent my whole day trying to connect 5 lights and a switch. Cant find the 5th light, even when I put in the serial number, and cant connect to the switch. This system is a joke, and not a funny one
The app keeps disconnecting from the hue bridge and then it won't find it after that. Horrible app and horrible product
This product is still too buggy to be used by the mainstream. I don't understand why this app is as large as it is as well.
Lights stopped working to app usage then light said unreachable. Trying to reconnect everything is a hassle.
Doesn't update my hue lightstrip+. Can't even use entertainment areas with it. Waste of money and time.
Wow, wow, wow! It needs access to the incoming call and number? Sorry! No way am I giving that type permission to a lighting app!
I usually have a hard time connecting outside my home network. It also has a very big lag communicating with Google Home. It works very well inside the home network.
Latest update has fixed many of the UI design issues. Much improved from previous.
Unreliable connecting to my hub (1st Gen) on WiFi and pretty much never connects out of home
New app updates have completely screwed up the color selection.
Worked for a while... now, it crashes and closes as soon as I attempt to open it.
Out of home doesn't work without logging in after 'big' update.
The app is ok. I had to create my rooms without adding default scenes as that always seemed to fail. Still prefer 3rd party hue apps.
The new update mess up my light and my routine.
I love it for the most part but the one lights come on after I turn them off but the rest of my 5 lights work great
On the base level the recent updates make this add usable however several parts are still inoperable.
Had been working great, now I can't even load past the splash screen before its crashes.
After the app updated my Android phone will not connect to the hue bridge. The bridge works fine because it connects fine in my iPad
Really like the new app. So much better, now looking for the ability to control two bridges or for them to sync together.
Latest update fixed the connection issue.
After recent update, it's no longer possible to rename bulbs. The 'save' button simply doesn't exist.
Actually pretty good now! Easy to navigate, intuitive, looks nice.
It work properly with my basic Philips hue blue and yellow lights but it doesn't work when I'm in my 4G internet
The app is great for customizing your hue lights and makes it more competitive with third party apps.
Does not connect with my Amaxon Alexa device.
Takes foreever to update lights. Scenes and entertainment selection should be more easy to change.
Needs Android Wear and TV support and Android Quick Settings tile.
Updating them to a different channel really helped, thanks!
Great app just wished the bulbs wasn't so expensive.
All works well good job Philips!
Way better since they updated the interface.
much better than the old app!
Love the new version!
This version has gotten slightly better. There's still some bugs that need to be ironed out. Geofencing still needs updating. The home and away feature works 60% of the time. Version 1 of the hue app worked 90% of the time. Also, please allow the widget to access 6 rooms and not 4 lights to turn off and on. Version 1 app allowed 6 lights to be controlled. People have more than 4 lights to be controlled.
Why can't I select specific lamps while setting up routines instead of only rooms? I want only one lamp to work as a night light instead of all the lamps in my bedroom. This is not currently possible to set in routines. Also, it's not possible to control individual lights from the home screen. I don't want all the lights in my living room to turn on with the toggle when I just want to turn on or set a scene on an individual light. Instead the app forces me to select the room, select a scene, and then turn off all the other lamps in the room to set that scene on a lamp. Please provide controls and scene selection on the home screen for individual lights, not just entire rooms. It's highly inconvenient.
For my uses (controlling bulbs and connecting with Google home) it works very well. It is not unstable and glitchy. I think that people may be having problems with the fancier more complicated features of this app but I cannot speak to the quality of those features. And it is definitely much better after the UI update. Things feel more modern and higher quality.
Unstable and unreliable. I recently upgraded to the 2nd gen bridge and since then my app and it's widgets are constantly cycling between working and not working. Very frustrating as I'm constantly having to reload widgets and reconnect to the bridge evey time I use a single light. It's very time consuming. It's ironic that I bought Philips Hue lights to make the lights in my house self reliant, simpler and easier to use. I now spend so much time simply trying to just get them to turn on/off.
The latest update broke the app. I was unable to save my scenes to the Hue Hub and spend 2+ hours trying to get it to work. Eventually I realized it was the app and I used my wife's iPhone/iOS app to do what the app was supposed to do. I have 15 Hue Bulbs and having this ecosystem work it critical. Phillips, please fix the Android App!
I agree that the interface and various ways to do presets are confusing. The bigger problem is that the app now wants to know when I'm in a phone call and who with. Is that really any of your business? I cannot imagine any possible way that has anything to do with controlling my lights. I will stick with an older version of the app until this permission is removed.
Constant crashes. Looses all settings and prefferences when power goes out. Whenever I want to make a change to my current setup I have to reinstall the app because otherwise it will refuse to save my new rooms or routines. Good thing I only bought a single lamp to test it out. If you are reading this I would suggest getting something other then hue lamps.
We were happy with the Hue lights and app until this last update. After the update we can't set our lights in the same area to the same color/temp. It's frustrating when you have rooms and lights that are connected and visible from different rooms and the lighting doesn't match. Before we were able to set the lights to a certain preset recipe and have everything match, not so anymore. Please fix this!
Okay so when you gonna tell us where the hidden cameras are? Cuz this a joke right? For what I paid in hardware. It's poorly reflected in this "app". This offers less options then cheaper bulbs and apps. If it wasn't for 3rd party apps I'd return the lights. Add dynamic lighting settings. Even a generic disco mode. Let me make my own light animations. All things a cheaper bulb had out the gate with it's software. Edit: Syncs fundamental problem is it requires a PC. Solid though. It's a great benchmark for the expectations I have, and why I bought into your ecosystem. though. Three stars now. Even though they offer the API. I know with certainty, when I use this software outside the house it works well to turn off devices. And not every app offers it.
Since update colours don't work, i use the colour pallet and it just goes through different shades of white. My hue system is now useless.
Extremely buggy. Biggest ABSOLUTE FAILUTE this app has is that no matter how many times or how you setup and save a room scene.. it ALWAYS **ALWAYS** defaults and changes your scene from daylight blue light shade to ugly ass deep yellow. Its infuriating. Been using it a year. Still not fixed. Total bs. **Edit Was asked if I meant the dimmer or wall switch... NO. Its the app. Say you go "create a scene" (I have the A19s, some white ambiance some color) I bought these so I could select the shade of white. Specifically daylight shade. After creating a scene, step by step all the way through. It ALWAYS discards my selection of the shade of white and resets itself, ignoring all saved changes to from daylight to that horrible yellow shade. This. Is. BS. Its not a switch, its the garbage app. The only work around is to try and set it to an extreme blue shade, then the app moves it back yellow but not as far, so its sort of center white. Imagine my annoyance.
I loved the app when I first installed it. Unfortunately now it won't connect at all to my Bridge. My cell (Samsung Note 8) is connected to the same network as your Hue bridge, the Hue bridge is plugged directly into the main router without any switches or extenders right next to the router. The app would occasionally connect but most of the time it wouldn't so I have cleared the data and cache in the app and now cannot connect at all. All 19 lights work well with my Google Home but I can't control them with your app. Please help. 06/25/18 - I have tried all of your steps you listed and my app will still NOT connect to my bridge. I am beyond frustrated. Please help me.
There is no ability for this product to adapt to a new internet provider. I got new internet and this product hasn't worked since. Its directly connected to the modem, how is it unable to connect to the internet?
Great app and great tech. The motion sensor settings needs work though. It can only work for the area that it picks up motion in, not along the path that may be needed. So, if your planning on it working along a pathway you'd better plan on buying a sensor for each part of the way, or make sure that the all of the pathway has got line of sight from the sensor.
Since update. My accessories in particular dim light switch do not work. Just states unreachable. I reset them and they connected briefly the back to unreachable. Manual control on app still works as well as Google home voice control. Please fix and I will adjust review.
I hate the update. Useless. Uninstalling. UPDATE 6-24-18: Got a new wifi modem a few weeks ago, entire Hue system has not worked since. Hours spent just to get the app to occasionally find the bridge. Bought a new bridge, still nothing. I could call for support, waste a bunch of time unplugging and turning off and on things. What a waste of time and money.
Classic case of people that don't understand submitting ratings. The Hue system is great and this app specifically is very clean and works well.
The update has improved some aspects, however for some reason, not all "scenes" are available to all bulbs, ie the preset "Energise, relax" and so on... Open one bulb and it has 10+ scenes and another (exactly the same type of bulb) has only 3 and you have to make the rest up yourself, that is hard to match the pre-sets
It works good for what it's been made. It's a shame that the sync feature isn't available for mobile devices. I hope you can soon sync with samsung TVs and PS4.
Why is the latest update asking for permission to access my device ID and phone number? I can't think of any reason why you would need this. Could you please explain these permission changes in your release notes rather than giving us a vague "bug fixes and improvements" line?
Recent update pushed dozens of scenes to Google Home without asking, and this action made individual light control in Google Home completely stop. Infuriating, poorly planned feature...
Love Hue lights, but wish they would add Zigbee capability for hard wired zigbee light switcges. Slow to add new features. Dynamic lighting would be a nice add also.
App does not work over cloud. Light will change color initially and then revert to normal color when app is closed or if you go back to the lights overview panel.
The latest update is less user friendly and removes often used features. You can barely vary the blue-white-gold control on the white ambience bulbs. Needs to be redefined as there's barely any contrast now. Up till now, good.
Edit Had to reinstall, still don't like the new circle color picker and for some reason ios devices no longer see routines I have see up.
Can you add more than 30 minutes fade in/out option? Also add a fade in/out to home away routine.
Now needs access to my call info, no thanks. I won't be updating to future versions.
What's up with all these frequent updates?
Lost Functionality. Latest release has lost a true red as a color. What gives?
Keeps crashing when opening the app. Very frustratingly .
It will not connect when not connected to same wifi network. I bought this to control it remotely but it will not connect. Followed every direction to a T
I've been using this app for over a year and have been quite pleased with the redesign, overall no glooming issues
When I turn off a color light through the app, it turns on immediately with 100% brightness.
Back to calling home to turn the lights on. Fix it!
Can no longer connect to the bridge!
Won't connect and update my Bridge
The app is constantly improving!
Works great!! 50% of the time...
Very very cool
Thanks to the new app update or upgrade I can use lights I bought the w as way I like it. Also thanks to the Philips Hue SYNC I now use the entertainment feature BUT only on PC or Mac, I would be happy if Philips can extend it to smart TV and smart speakers like Alexa and Google Home. Thank you in advance Philips Hue team . More power to you and more updates soon.
Version 3 reduces the friction to controlling my lights and seems to combine the best features of version 1 and version 2. Also it works smoother and quicker.
Absolutely satisfied with everything about the new version. It works so much smoother and faster than the previous app. I am able to control my lights faster now. I wish there was a phone version for huesync as well! That would be fantastic then...
Oh my God they turned on at random drive me crazy
Confusing. Complicated. Hard to use. Impossible to find instructions in app.
This used to work perfectly and now the app is unable to connect to the bridge at all.
Works great, need hue sync for casting
b'Awsome ??'
I don't understand why I'm paying sooo much for 1 light bulb and then have to rely on 3rd party apps to do things that you suggest these light bulbs can do? why don't you link to spotify so I can have a light show to my music and so on.... seems like I have been undercut a little. However I think they are fantastic in what they do offer . I already feel more focused or relaxed based upon the lighting setting. They are good just typically, the app is lacking.
I've been using the Hue family of lighting for the past 5+ years and sadly the main issue is the app. I've always been able to connect the hardware fine, but the app keeps changing and making it harder to control the three lights we have. I'm a retail manager and got the initial "Bridge + Hue Bulb" for free from a Philips training workshop and later bought an Iris and Go... I love the look, but over the past 6 months after the explaining the app to my customers everyone is understandably turned off by it. When the app updates, your pre-settings change and how you control the bulbs change. With the most recent version, when you open it you suddenly open to colour control for all bulbs. It used to open to a menu where you could select individual lights. If I have four lights, I really don't want a menu where I only control all of them at once upon opening the app.
After the latest update the app does not connect to my bridge but detects the bridge as a new device. Version is broken as every other version. Every version of this app adds new bugs. Developer only offering support via FB. This is far from professional. Found out: The app update somehow screwed my motion sensor config. As I am unable to connect the app to my bridge this whole thing is again unusable. Update: after installing an older version of the app everything is back to normal and working as before.
UPDATE: OK, new app doesn't make it clear you have to select the days as well as the hours, but now it's up and running. Fingers crossed! Still broken. We love using Alexa to turn lights and off. However the functions based on time turn themselves off after 24 hours. What's the use of programming a schedule if you still have to turn them on daily.
Who the F do you have developing for you????? This app has rendering my whole home lighting useless after the latest update!! NOTHING responds at all. Have to uninstall and download previous version. So angry!
Just bought a whole house solution and was amazed at how easy this was to set up. Response times are seemless and the physical dimmer switches offer great flexibility. Have had no issues using Google Home voice commands. My only gripe is with the app's UI. I wish there was a setting to tweak the background colour. I find the white on black is difficult to read in certain lighting conditions. Even just the option for black on white would be an improvement.
App worked until 2 days ago when you did the update. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it still does nothing but search for my hue bridge without end. I originally thought my Google Assistant was at fault, but I deactivated and reactivated my bridge and she can control my lights now. Please fix your app because this one is useless. UPDATE: Bought another Hue bridge with 2 more bulbs because nothing else was working. I was hopeful because you did another update but I still can't even locate my bridge with this app! I am connected directly to my wifi router. NOTHING changed except your update. Today I deactivated my old bridge and the new one shows on my meethue app now. Keeps searching to no avail and now my VERY EXPENSIVE light bulbs aren't anything but expensive light bulbs that can not be controlled except by a light switch. HIGHLY UPSET!
Good improvements since the last version in terms of overall aesthetics and scenes, colour selection is good too where multiple lights are present in a single room, but... The app still lacks some basic functionality, that even the alexa app manages - groups. The ability to group rooms together and apply a scene across the floor of a house, for example, is completely absent. Likewise is the ability to control multiple rooms at once, excluding the, switch off the whole house toggle switch - not that useful unless your going out or it's bedtime, but there are routines for this anyway. There is also no option to provide in app feedback, or request support. So overall its a middle/could do better, 3 stars for now. But I'd like to see some improvement to what could be a great app. Nobody wants to keep switching apps all the time to get functionality out of the same system. Come on Philips....
Won't work with Google home when using 2 houses. Only the 3 cheaper lights in my holiday house show up ingoogle home app. They also show up as each setting for each light ( meaning 9 lights instead of 3). My real home's 7 lights only show up on my husband's iphone Google home app. When I try to log onto "out of home" on hue account it says sorry you can only have one home set up. Really wasn't worth setting up on occasional holiday home for anything as lost accessibility in my home.
I've randomly been checking to see if Phillips might ever update their app and what do you know, they finally did. I've updated my pissed off 1 star review when this app was completely broken to 5 stars. I've been using the "Philips Hue Gen 1" app and Hue Disco for ages, but so glad Philips finally listened to their customers and fixed things. Cheers dev team, this app is great!
I don't have a clue what these people are complaining about, perhaps they have a point in their respective complaints. But as far as I'm concerned, if operates flawlessly. I just wish it would allow me to toggle lights before it connects, remember I did that, then toggle them once it makes a connection to the bridge. Instead of just resetting the switches to off and not doing anything. Thanks for your hard work guys! :)
My guess is that many of the poor reviews are due to user error. Fell free to contact me to troubleshoot if Philips didn't get back to you. My setup of about 20 bulbs and light strips all connected to the hue bridge and many echo dots works flawlessly. Also really enjoying the hue desktop app for movies
Will give 5 star when my lights / bridge syncs with Google home LIKE THEY USED TO! When I link my Phillips Hue account with my Google Assistant/home it says it is confirmed but in reality nothing actually is!??!! C'mon Google and Phillips Please get along again. This feels like when my parents would fight and not communicate.
This app never worked after the first setup. My lights work fine, the connect and are managed by SmartThings, IFTTT, and Google Home, yet when this app turns on, it can never connect to the bridge and make the bridge stop working correctly. When this app is off, everything works smoothly. What a fail.
Had an issue with home and away routines not working but got it figured out so I'm bumping it back to 5 stars. Appreciate the email offering to assist me with trouble shooting too BTW.
Everything was exellent till the end of May. We come home from work and the lights are on for some reason. I decided to use an app and I founf out that the app needed update and it can not connect to the bridge anymore. Ireinstall the app and now I cannot even enter the "restricted" functionality because it can not find bridge no more. Why such a flawless experience turned into a nightmare?
Connection is still very unreliable. I have owned this system for 3 years!!! Still nothing has changed. I don't even understand how can that be possible to have a software not have any bugs fixed in 3 YEARS!
Since the latest update, continual problems in my previously perfect system. Stop doing updates that force me to uninstall then reinstall everything!. Gone from being really positive about Hue to loathing my big investment. Note. Every second day, it says 'lights unreachable'. System won't switch on. Seriously frustrated.
The new version of this app is absolutely terrible. Response to Developer/s: The newest version of the app has a better looking UI with more options. However, it's nearly unresponsive. I have to close the app constantly, and it takes 5-6 times on average for a button press to respond.
Totally screwed my install of 27 bulbs. When lights are grouped all lights return to the same brightness of the last adjusted group within that scene. As such I can't have my ceiling lights at say 1% and my wall lights in the same scene at 10%. Reported to Philips with screen shots who claim they don't see the issue. Pretty slack when my entire apartment is hue setup. I'll try a different app. This one is both fiddly and fundamentally flawed. Not a happy customer with a very expensive install. I expected better software and support.
I have yet to find a Hue app that works. All I want is for the lights to actually flash to the music. NONE OF THE APPS DO THIS. None of the apps come with decent, easy to follow directions. NONE OF THEM. This is extremely disappointing and I am sorry I ever wasted my money on Hue light bulbs.
Various features on the app does not work for a very expensive solution that you seek. I choose not to be profane, but, had I not, there would be nothing but profanity for your software side solution. No one should sell such a product and find pride in making a living on it.
The app is as good as the last one considering my needs, no real improvement in features, and there is room. Stuff like wake up timer with a gradient from red to yellow for example.
App looks nice, but there should be options to fade lights on and off over time like insteon. Also, we still can't assign 1 light to 2 rooms? It's 2018....get it together... Update: the new version of app constantly is losing connection with lights and rooms.....half the room will turn on, or sometimes not at all. Awful update.
Garbage. No routines work. Total waste of money. I would have been better off buying four timers from a department store.
b"Great app, the GUI is good, app is usually quite reliable and never needs a lot device recourses to run. You can tell that design and development departments have worked quite closely together on product. With minor improvements on the spacing of elements in the application to make them slightly bigger, especially in view containing scenes, the application could be amazing. The app is one of the most important parts in the hue environment as this is what customers are really paying for in the price of the hardware along with wireless chip. The reasoning behind why I have rated the application with 4 stars is because I believe it is too dependent on users opening their network up with UPNP (plug in and play) which is a huge security hole. Would like the app to be less dependent on UPNP to be able to carry out functions such as updating lights to enable entertainment areas without signing in online. Users such as myself simply can't enable UPNP for security reasons. (Can fully understand why you require UPNP enabled for certain functionally) Overall great app though, look forward to seeing where you take the hue product next. Maybe lights with weather resistance for outdoor use or festive lighting for Christmas and/or Halloween? ????"
I don't know what you have done, but your efforts to 'upgrade' this app this month has rendered the system completely useless! Under the new app, I am no longer able to connect to the bridge while away from the home's Wi-Fi network. Despite reinstalling multiple times and ensuring I am logged in for away from home access, the app just refuses to connect to the bridge, or will say it has 'connected via cloud' but then doesn't actually work (i.e. the lighting does not respond to any commands). It was PERFECTLY FINE before your update!! Update 05/06/18 - following the installation of your update of the app in Play Store today, nothing has changed! It still fails to work and is suffering the same issues!
Not sure if I like the updated interface. I don't like having to drag the slider, and would much prefer to tap along the length of the slider bar or tap the specific location on the color picker.
The bulb is great but the app has limited features, as described by other users. What I find nos annoying is the fact that the widget erases all settings (buttons) every time I restart the app, and I need to recreate them
When I watch these reviews I really don't know what to think. Many of these reviews seems really unfair to the Philips Hue system. Its like people are taking for granted that they have an open SDK allowing third parties do all kind of awesome stuff and instead bash this app for not having all these features as defaults. Personally we have had zero issues with this app running the latest Android, and the latest app version just makes the experience even better.
Message saying 'Connected' moves all the light switches down, then up when it disappears every time you open the app. This causes me to miss press the buttons all the time. Terrible design.
I'm going back to regular light bulbs. Being held hostage to forced add updates and not being allowed to control your own lights is one of the worst design decisions I've ever seen. Whoever was responsible for this at Philips should be fired.
Does what it says on the tin without trying to force user to experience things a specific way, a rare thing these days. Great that it is kept to the point!
It's a nice app, but the hue labs should just be integrated into the main app properly. It feels like an afterthought and someone's afterwork hobby. Do the job properly as it's just confusing and the descriptions for what each lab item does is very unclear, again as though it's someone's past time that as long as they understand its fine.
Terrible app. Previous reviews have covered it all. Unbelievable that Philips would have such a crappy app for such high end hue lights. If I had not already invested over $1000 in hue hardware, I wouldn't be using this app for one second.
Last update messed up my bulbs and switches. Philips, how can you release untested update that destroys perfectly working setup in my entire house?
It works... But I have one simple request, put forth by oh so many before me: when my lights wake up, could they please, PLEASE, have the same scene/colour/light temp setting as when they went to sleep? Having to actively do that setting every day makes your smart system kind of UNSMART... I really hope to hear from you, and even more that you will fix this simple issue
The lights continue to tell me that they are unreachable and will not turn on by themselves, only when they are turned on by the entire room. Also the app continues to tell me that I am in "Out of home" control even though I am home and connected to my wifi.
Seems the nee update introduced an out of home option that you have to turn on and sign into your cloud account... which is probably why so many people can't connect to their bridge when away from home.. easily fixed now i know it's there.. hope this helps others
2018 yet another update with the forced move to cloud access and now hue labs wont work at all on either the phone or pc browser. 2017 Some clear steps backwards so out it goes. Bulbs can only be part of one room. Forces you to update the firmware when you open the app with no way to skip. And firmware updates are anything but rock solid and you never know when philips will decide to screw you over with some new "feature"
Doesn't seem to work. Instructions not user friendly. No helo when it doesn't work.
How can I get the app to open in my browser instead of a small sub box on top of the app because everytime it's a small box it tells me it needs javascript activated to sign in I want to change the permission on links to open in browser rather then open in app I'm using and xz premium on oreo edit to anyone who is using a xperia on android and a sub box pops up when opening links when it's meant to open the link in browser the way to fix problem is disable the setup wizard and the links will open directly in browser so you can sign back in to hue account and link to Google assistant again its software flaw with android 8 on xperia its auto setting setup wizard to open links from apps in a box instead of opening browser I.e chrome or explorer or browser
Cannot link 2 or more bridges, cannot access more bridges from out of office coonection. They only make the app fancy but that's all.
The latest update has broken the app and I cannot connect Alexa to hue now... fix it!
b"So I guess I'm not the only one having issues after this major update I now one of those people with a just very expensive bulbs bridge cannot be found no matter what I do tried all the fix they tell you to do unplug it plugged it back in uninstall to reinstall I factory reset I connect it straight to the modem router unfortunately it's giving me nothing but a bunch of frustration I think already broke a few drywall and lost some hair please do something about this till then 1 \xe2\xad\x90 because I just hate it right now"
Dynamic Scenes, more Entertainment partners (like TV brands) still missing. The App itself is good.
App reports that the lights are On/Off after moving the slider even when they have not changed state. The lights should be communicating their actual state with the app, and if the app is not receiving announcements from the light(s), it should say so on the screen so that there is no miscommunication with the user. App works relatively well otherwise.
Getting better. But you need to put the updates in an install packet when we download a new lab it takes forever to update install update install update install before you can even use the lab!
Widgets will not let me change the title so all my hue widgets just show as "Widget". This affects both the single icon and 4 way. The 4 way widget is ugly because it always shows a pencil and the hue logo nearly as big as the other icons.
the latest update SUCKS. I wish I could reverse it. The lights don't respond to the toggle to turn them off completely. Basically NOTHING works right.
The new app looks nice, but it now no longer works with Amazon alexa *update* They have fixed it, working with Alexa again
Where are the 30 scenes? I don't like the new update it's to change a scene having to click the icon 90% of the time I can't get it to work and neither can anybody else it goes right back to the old scene. I like that much better without this new update
Bulb switches back to white(Its yellow although) even if switched off from App or IFTTT service when there is power outage.So it should have remain to recent condition like OFF or ON and the color I've selected.Its really annoying to have full brightness in the midnight after power failure.
This app is somehow disabling swipe input on my keyboard (within the app only). I don't know why you would want to do this, but it's a very annoying behaviour.
Really love the new redesign. While I wish the design language followed more of what Google inplemented, I'm glad they at least got the toggles to match. It's much better than the outgoing app it replaced, thank you.
Edit : thanks for the update, it works like I wanted now :) Original review : It's a four star except that it always asks me to accept information sharing on every start.
Since the rework Hue v3.0 last week the UI is completely up to 2018 standards and the UX improved greatly. Apart from that the actual functionality is seamlessly integrated. Making the Hue system a must-have on my watch!
One major functionality of app is missing : It should store the state (i.e. if it is OFF or ON), as whenever electricity goes and comes back, then bulb stays switched ON.
Most perfect UX since version 3.0! Excellent use of the long press. Widgets could be improved a lot though but still, this update is amazing! Good job Jereon and it's team!
The Routines suddenly do not work. PLEASE FIX! (I'm using Sunset/Sunrise)
It's OK. I wish it had a basic tutorial about scenes and rooms. Not a big deal, most people would understand it in 20 min.
I'd give this 5 stars if I didn't have to search some secret menu to find the new scenes. Please move them with the rest of the scenes. Otherwise this app meets my wants.
b'The new entertainment wizzard just keep saying "unable to save, try again later" ??'
Most recent update is substantial and an improvement. Happy to see the developers are trying to improve the app and seem to encourage feedback from users. Looking forward to the next major update..
Thank you thank you thank you for finally fixing this app. I loved the first generation app but the second gen was terrible. I can finally use the official Hue app again.
b'Great app with new major update this app is amazing very customizable Lighting in your house, and with the Philips Hue color lights.. I love it??'
Randomly stops connecting on all devices.
Wake up routine needs to have a scene selection and brightness setting. Also add feedback section submit button to app.
Since app update have to log in every time I use the labs. Like others will change to 3rd party app.
Don't like the last update. Lights do whatever they want.
This system is AWESOME. about 1000% better than the Kasa (tp link) I have tried and returned.
Updated to latest version of this app and very pleasantly surprised - interface considerably clearer, very nice to use.
Like it bust wish I could control even when I'm not home remotely
Works great.yes the lightbulbs are expensive but they look the part.
Updating my review after the latest bug fixes. Loads better now! Thanks Philips.
Love the lights and the app is finally pretty good
Please add function to combine rooms
It is amazing and has been most vibrant colors I've ever seen
Love the new app great job
I like the app. I would like to backup my settings, just in case.
Great upgrade! I love it. Waiting for more improvements
New new app is very functional and user friendly!
Latest update is a major improvement in terms of connection reliability.
Great app. Much better than the previous software
Newest version is good!
Pretty simple to use, plenty of options as well.
GOOD app but the "30 new scenes" are missing?
Great app, I love the update.
Its ok
Good product, good app, ok price...
Working fine
Great update
b'Brilliant ??'
Great
New design is all that it is. You could've spent time in adding rules for sensors i.e when switched on manually it over rides the timer or more partners for entertainment area. That wouldve been something to boast about. It's a shame when 3rd party apps can do this but it's not in the official app for the product.
I love the updated app and especially the added Hue Sync Entertainment areas. There needs to be a way to control the output amount for each light individually in entertainment areas. Some lights are brighter than others and can overwhelm you in your entertainment room if you can't individually control them. Plus as a side note, the Hue Sync App says it can do Chromecast, but there is no way to do that. You need to stop advertising that as a capability if it isn't a possibility.
Smooth set up. This app is def better than the third party apps. So far, so good! Update 5/31/18 it's been missing my go to sleep routine. Sometimes the lights are still on when I wake up. It's not perfect. I lowered my rating. It's the only routine I have set up in the bedroom, and it doesn't work.
I like the redesign but it still has the biggest design flaw. Why do I have to create a room to modify light settings. I don't want to create rooms in this app, my smart home hub takes care of that side. I should be able to work with my lights individually in the app or by group if I choose but I should not have to group my lights for them to be visible or modifiable. It would also be great if groups could be in groups as I have a group of lights just for the tv but they are in the den as well. I would also like to be able to set light positions on the wheel so if I set a pair to complimentary color basically set them opposite each other and then move the group with in the color wheel that pair should always be complimentary as in move group to red one will be red the other green
This new upgrade is DOPE! Not sure why others are experiencing other issues. I don't have any of them. That's the problem with people, they're never happy. Somebody will always be mad about something, but I digress. The app works for me and it looks great! Good job!!
My app looks nothing like shown although I have updated (3.01). Twitter support is rude and unhelpful. I guess it's time to sell my hardware on eBay. Or give it to someone I hate.
I loved Hue before the big update; but since then, it's got more user friendly and the GUI is greatly improved. I'm glad I stuck with Hue, it's never let me down and they never seem to rest on their laurel's, go Philips and long may you continue!
Why do I have to opt out of "helping you improve" aka spying every time I open the app. I want easy to use light control, it needs to remember my choice, not annoy me into sharing data.
It does work and I like that they feature third party apps inside. I didn't like the scenes showing up in my Home app with the latest update but it turns out the palette icon means "scenes" and not "colors" and you can delete the default scenes there (Thanks Hue support for the help, would not have gotten that on my own!). I'd like the app less if I had to use it more as it has a loading splash screen on open and if there's an update you're forced into it right away but as it is I use Google Assistant voice controls exclusively so I'm seldom opening it. I guess for the amount of complexity it's as good as it could be.
Thanks for the new design and the adapive icon! Now please let me do light groups! Also adding a light to multiple rooms would be nice. Because some overlap for me. Maybe you could do an alert and say that the light is already added to a room. But atleast add the groups! If I have a roof with three lights, then I don't consider it another from, I want to be able to turn off all light in a room. But I don't want other lights in that room to change. I'd like to be able to leave then as they are and only change the ones in the roof.
I hate the new update. It essentially added no new features that I can tell, and instead they decided to change everything around so we can't find the proper settings. There was also a promise of new preset scenes, but there are none. Oh and I lost the functionality of being able to see if I'm in home or away mode. Why? Don't fix what isn't broken! Your UI guys need to be fired.
It's worse?! How is it even worse?? Look at the lutron app.. Do that, only add some color control obviously. The lack of control is astounding.
Finally the app UI and quality is up to standard. So many smart bulb companies have the worst apps for these bulbs. Phillips finally made theirs a good one.
This is just like the old app which i did not use, used another one. When the updated app came out a few years ago it was great. This app is not as user friendly as the previous one, will use another one.
Better design, with MORE bugs. Still not sure if there is on off toggle widget. Competitors like LIFX still have a better app in my opinion.
The app has improved massively over time and it works great when paired the new Hue Sync app for pc/mac.( Highly suggest you download it)!!!!!! The entertainment area feature is actually usable now. I would prefer the Android app had all the features of the pc/mac version and vice versa. A notification feature would be nice.
I didn't hate the app before like others did because it did what it needed to but now that Phillips is expanding into the entertainment side like they should have a long time ago it is even better. The Windows Phillips Hue Sync app works great with games. I have tried third party apps but this is way more stable and impressive with it's accuracy. I hope Phillips sees this part of Hue as a priority to build on on.
Controls are still too limited. For instance, when I come home I want the enter light to come on, then go off after 5 minutes. No way to do that.
Outage is over. Re-log in also seems to fix remote connect stability so far.
Good app, many features. Only one thing missing is to be able make a light be member to more than one group. Keep up the god work.
New app always prompts to "help improve" on start up - even after saying "no". It's irritating! Looking for alternative app.
3.0 release don't upgrade it doesn't work properly. Since the update Hue won't connect Hue emailed me and told me to reset the Bridge I had reset it 3 times. On the 4th reset all seems to be working so I am now cautiously optimistic
The app allows you to create a scene with indivdual lights turned off, but the scene does not turn the light off ,it sets it to 1% ?
This me update seam to fix moste of the issue u had with the app.
Lots of bugs in the new version, new custom scenes change colors on their own, it often takes 2 attempts to set light color, these issues were not there before 3.0
The basics scenes once deleted cant be added again... Very bad updated. Nothing really new.
Color wheel harder to select the rich part of the color now, purples looked washed out now.
I love the recent update, it makes the UI much easier and quicker to use. The only improvement would be to make Philips Hue Sync compatible with Android TV
Version 3, much improved over previous version. This is much closer to what I'd hoped to find in the original app that came with my purchase. Way to go HUE!
The update we've all been waiting for!!! #beautyincoding *Javascript issues etc are not app issues #itzyaphonehomie
Just updated the app as of June/1/18. Love the new look! One star deducted because I STILL can't copy scenes from one room to another.
Worst product and app ever. Avoid at all costs.
Useful for sensors ONLY. HUE PRO still best APP . PHILIPS must do better when you take in to account bulb costs........
Help!! Can no longer be connect from outside home. Only if in home WiFi! Grrrrrrrr
A couple bug fixes and it works well once again. Back to loving the Hue!
Superb update. This is what all smart home apps should look and behave like.
Thanks for improving the stability and connection. I was about to drop the hue hub
Amazing update, I liked before. Now, I love it!
OMG! Last update is just awesome!!! Amazing improvement! Great job! Gogo Hue!!! Don't stop!
Much better since V3 upgrade.
I do like the new design.
Geweldig
Best. Update. Period
Love 3.0
3.0. Visually pleasing. App structure seems smoother. Functionality.. Still lacking? Please make the brightness slider the whole bar itself. It feels more natural to slide your flinger over the whole bar then to try and move the tiny slider at the bottom. This would also save screen space!! You even feature this exact same UI slider in your updated 'whats new' video and its not present in the app?? And.. Lights are STILL not able to be added to more then one group? Is that true? Wow..
I still need version 1! I was so hoping to remove it and use only the new 3rd gen app. However, there is no way to assign a light to more than 1 room. I dont get it. What about people with lofts or like me with an open floor plan. My hallway, porch, kitchen and living room and dinning room are all visible at the same time. Would love to setup a scene with a few lights in each room but cant. Only the gen 1 app will allow that. Why is it so hard to do? This one looks nice and is fast but features are missing.
Loved The old Version. New one doesn't letzten me usw Hue lab without an Account. I don't want to use an Account (Security issues) but i want to use Hue lab (because eine Basic functions are still Missing without it, Like don't overwrite the current Scene with Motion Sensors). So it's now useless for me.
The new app is nice, very fast and easy, the setup it's also easy. But as since forever I can't get the bridge connected to their website, always with "There's no bridge on your Network". The Twitter support told that my ISP is blocking... But doesn't make any sense if the the app can connect and the website can't, pretty sure the problem is not my connection. At least Alexa save me.
This app is absolutely necessary to control your lights as there is no other way to do it and it is so unbelievably clunky I can barely stand to use it. The new update made it so you can't even make your light red anymore! It's ridiculous! fix this app so it's actually a useable experience where you can really take advantage of your brilliant lights capabilities and I will rate it five stars. until then I'm considering returning my Philips hue lights in exchange for a competing product
Not sure what's happened to the Alexa skill and this app but since this update while i can still change the lights on and off with Alexa i can't find them by asking her. Seems according to feedback on alexa skill that i am not the only one with this issue...please sort it out i use this all the time and have Alexa so it don't have to faff about...not happy
Looks nicer than before, but still every single issue as it has had for several years: Why can't I dedicate light to a more than one room? Why my light set up which I have set manually myself doesn't override motion sensor? I am getting so frustrated of these issues, it's like nobody at Phillips is using these lights themselves
Hue becomes a horrid mess with more than 1 bridge, horribly inconvenient having to control each bridge separately. Multiple bridges should simply appear as one big pool of resources. Multiple bridges breaks voice control and most apps. Please fix this! - New Hue version, same old problems!
They updated the app, AND YOU STILL CAN'T ADD A LIGHT TO TWO DIFFERENT ROOMS? Widget code want touched: it still doesn't allow Google keyboard swiping, won't capitalize first letter, erases the name of the widget unless you enter it in last, refers to what should be called "buttons" as "widgets", only has room for 5 max, and doesn't reneger the state of a light past 5 seconds when pressed. Awful.
I have had this app for 2 years and found the 2.0 version to be simple, navigable, and reliable. This evening, I went to turn on my Hue and found an entirely new and upgraded app. My jaw actually dropped. I went straight to the new presets (totally intuitive UX) and enjoyed all of the new scenes, which were spot on. You guys nailed it.
The redesign of the new version color weel is so bad that is a pain to pick the damn ballon an place it in the color you want in that small area. You solve a problem that didn't exist. The previous color selector was a lot better. If you want to select colors find another brand.
Oh MY GOD WHAT DID YOU DO!!!!! This app is so ugly and horrible now. I lived the way it looked and felt. Now it's too small and hideous. I am incredibly disappointed with this app. I'm a really getting sick of you guys trashing what is good and utterly destroying what was good and make it bad. I am about to dump hue alltogehter I am so sick of this GARBAGE!!!!!
b'Edit: Looks a hell of lot better. Shame it look so long to redo the app. I might actually use it now. Rubbish. Needs to be rewritten from the ground up. Slow, and it crashed my Pixel. The phone rebooted itself. So yeah. ??'
Been using app for several months, wish with all the updates, they would make it so the light comes on the same way it is set everytime. Every night the light goes off, next night, I have to change the liggt color to the one I want, every single night... please fix this.
Great update! -- I think many of the gripes are based on not taking time to learn the new app as I've read quite a few that just aren't accurate. Just a learning curve. There's many more options and scenes, smoother browsing, group coloring, better organized. I like it!
Well it used to work. Now Google homes/assistant can't find hue "not available". Can't unlink and relink account due to an error on your site. These lights cost a fortune and now I can't use them easily. Cheers guys.
It didn't use to do this but now when I open the Hue app the switches and brightness don't show the current state of the lights. If I've changed them using a command to Google Home then the app will still show the lights how they were when I last used the Hue app. Also the green banner that says "connected" or "out of home connection" shouldn't move the rest of the UI. I go to press a button and then the button moves because the banner disappears just as I press the button. It should be a 'toast' or at the bottom or something. Update for 3.0 Huge improvement! Great new version
It visually looks a little bit better, but the functionality has not been improved at all. You still can't add a light to more than one group. That is a ridiculous oversight. Also, harder to select colors. Just give us some simple RGB color sliders or an input box to enter RGB numbers.
Still needs Wear OS compatibility. Still has issues with Wake Up Routines. Even though lights are requested to fade in, they still come on at about 25% brightness and increase from there, the sudden light early in the morning wakes me up with a shock rather than being a gentle nudge. Not ideal. ---Philips, unfortunately the link you have provided to contact you requires me to login with Facebook, I do not do facebook! The lights coming on at a relatively high brightness to wake me up has been an issue for years and I have complained about this before, without response!
I was excited to see the new changes! Still junk. Still can't create a group for (all) lights. If the kitchen is in the room called kitchen, you can't add those lights or any other to another group of all lights. That means if you want to set a scene through your whole house, you have to go to each individual room and set it. Instead of every other hue 3rd party app that lets you set up spaces the way you want.
Can no longer click on the brightness slider to change the brightness; instead now I have to slide it. This annoys me, especially now that the slider has become so small and difficult to touch. It's also lacking proper screen transition animations so the transitions are a bit disorienting. And last but not least it feels very much like an iOS app which is a shame.
It does what it needs to, but still lacks crucial functionality and has a fair number of bugs. Control of individual and grouped lights is good. Establishing rules for motion sensors still leaves much to be desired. 'Sensing the Weekend' is a difficult to use, but necessary, Hue Labs tool for setting up motion sensors. It's better than nothing, but should be moved from Labs to the app, and badly needs UI work and the ability to add arbitrary numbers of day and hour ranges.
The new update is great. It took you a while to remove the 'connected' snackbar from the top which pushed the content down, but you finally did it and it's a lot better! Design looks slick and has all the basic functionalities. For more advanced configurations I would still use a different hue app though
Eagerly awaited the version 3 app hoping it would support multi room scenes like version 1. This is almost exclusively how I use the app. As far as I can tell version 3 still does not have the basic functionality of version 1. So I'll continue to use the version 1 app and hope in a few years they get it into version 4.
The new update is frustrating. I use this app right when I wake up, and they just made the touch points smaller (also terrible for accessibility) and some things require going through more screens than before. I'm going to be relying on Alexa more even though I'd really prefer to turn my lights on and hydrate in the morning before speaking.
As a small time user of 3 bulbs this is an excellent UI overhaul. I can see how the app still lacks some functionality for larger scale users, such as adding bulbs to more than one group at a time. I also agree with other reviews that the slider bar needs to be the whole bar and not just the dot on the bar itself. Otherwise great update. Thanks Hue team.
I selected a candle light routine and it crashed my phone. I had to hold the power button for over a minute to recover the phone. Meanwhile the lights are flickering and I can't get them to stop using the phone or my Google mini home device. Finally had to power down the hub and all the lights twice before I could get control of the lights. Be very careful using version 3.0!!!
Still have to use 1st gen app because i can not assign LIGHTS to the switch,only ROOMS... This is big time annoying!
So annoyed with this update! I cannot log in to the app any more. I get an error message. The touch points are way too small which makes the app frustrating to use.
The email blast I received announcing the "grand premiere" of the long-awaited 3.0 version was flubbed by whomever handled their digital marketing. The subject line of the email was, "Subject Here". That doesn't bode well for the quality control or assurance of their app and certainly doesn't give me much confidence in Philips as a company. What a rookie blunder!
The new app is much cleaner, and offers a few new features, but Hue Labs is still sort of painful to use, and it's still not actually in the app, and simple things that could really push usability aren't there. Still can't put bulbs into multiple rooms. Why is this such a problem?? Or just have one light not in a room? I still have to use a third party app for that stuff.
Worthless and waste of time. Nothing changed. All it does is search for new devices. There's no dashboard and none of the functionality as advertised. It is essentially opens to a black screen with a search button. Doesn't recognize existing devices . Stupid update. Waste of time. Don't bother.
CONSTANTLY loses contact. It's ridiculous. Every. Single. Time. I try to use this app I have to fiddle with it and wait for it to connect. Also the older version was better as far as ease of use. Cosmetics is not a reason to update an app until everything else is great. You are far from that point.
Since the update, when I try and log in or link to my Google home system, the external link it brings me to says AN ERROR HAS OCCURED. Unusable at the moment.
With this latest version, if I try to login to hue, it crashes. So, I cannot enable location awareness. I really think that is a large feature to have failing. Can you guys look at that please?
Terrible. I've been using Hue for several years now and love it, except for the app. With every update, Hue never transfers over my scenes or settings. Every single time. I absolutely hate that.
This is specifically for the 3.0 version of the app, which is a GREAT step forward. I've used Phillips Hue for a really long time and Android for even longer. The app has always been very good, but lots of times the changes to apps I like the most are the ones I'd never have thought of, because bug fixes and major improvements are, honestly, a responsibility. They've put a lot of time and effort to make this app easy to use and fall in better with the overall workflow of Android in the Hue 3.0 app. This makes me feel better about the (pretty clear) premium price for their hardware. I've always felt like they've done a good job, but this is really exceptional and shows to me, at least, that they know customers pay a premium and are willing to respond in turn with an overall good offering, especially since you could easily buy a system from them once and never give them another dime. The quality of the app definitely enters into my purchase decisions (as I can and do use lower-cost ZigBee bulbs from other brands to my overall setup), and this type of extra effort will definitely affect my purchase choices moving forward. THIS is is of what a lot of companies that offer premium electronic products aren't getting, especially with electronics. Add features to your hardware, improve your software, and people will continue to buy if they feel it's worth it. Phillips has done this consistently with their products. Just sit back, be "first", call everything else copycats and expect people to pay more forever? That won't work. Great job.
Unbelievably frustrating. Devs can't get it right after how many tries? I rely on Hue Labs for motion sensor rules that should have been migrated to the app long ago. Now those rules are useless because "Labs" can't seem to stay logged in. I'm stuck in a maddening loop of "click to connect" > "Login with your MyHue account" > "connecting" > "click to connect" Please hire a consulting company to fix this app. Your in-house team needs help!
Confused as light stopped working with Google home after update. Was logged out of myhue and now can't log back in, so have lost out of home control.... Pretty disappointed was working brilliantly before! Please sort this fast!
This app just got a user interface overhaul and now looks amazing! Before I had to scroll through glitchy scene "circles" to change my lights, and now they are organized in clean, modern squares and sliders. It makes adding scenes and adjusting brightness so much easier.
New update is sweet. My entire house is Philips Hue now and it works fine. It's missing a few features relating to the motion sensors, and the scene icons are unnecessarily large but it's getting there.
I dislike that lights cannot be shared among groups, meaning they're exclusive to one group only which is a really annoying back-step since you can't have an "all" group. You have to change each room individually or it's all one group. The UI is better though.
Edited after the 3.0 "update" to ask Philips when are they going to do anything meaningful? The update does feel faster, but other than that, it is layout and cosmetic changes for the most part. The app lags behind many better apps from bedroom developers. Lastly, for what we pay for the hardware, would it be possible to save bridge setting within our accounts? My bridge died, and I had to set everything up from scratch - lights, rooms, routines, the works. It would be better if all I had to do was load a configuration from a prior save. They did copy and paste a reply (see under) but that is the same copy and paste reply they have used for years. The thing is Philips, you are no longer the only player in the game now, and quite frankly, your products are starting to look overpriced against the emerging products. You really, really need to pick up your feet and improve and start listening to your customers. Go buy one of the competition and integrate their ideas into your app. It can't be that difficult.
Great improvements in general layout, one bug popped up though immediately. It shows status "5 lights on" for a room where actually only 2 lights are really turned on, the other 3 are unavailable, because they are currently disconnected from mains.
Great job! I think this app is getting better with time. People are complaining about not being able to add lights to more than one room, however you can go to "Room setup" and tap on the room you want to add a lightbulb to add it. You can also go to "Light setup" to add a lightbulb if it doesn't already exist. One thing I wished they would have added more of is the entertainment add-ons other than razor. Possibly sync it to match TV picture for example a movie, some how?
Love philips hue, however since most recent update, now can't login. Keep getting an error message. Tried to find help on the website and nothing
Finally! I've been waiting for this update for what seems like forever. Absolutely love the new UI. The app overall is much easier to navigate and use than before, and it makes selecting your favourite scenes/colour preferences far easier. Thanks for the great work dev team.
Improved, unless I am missing something you added some scenes... still no linking of sensors unless you use the labs. In the home screen turning the lights down has to be done by a small slider. Why not make the entire button a slider.
The new update now requires you to press and hold down on a room to set a light recipe or scene for that room and keep your finger held down the entire time while sliding it across the screen to several different locations before you can actually choose the recipe you want. This is not intuitive, way harder than it needs to be, and a big step backwards. The old way, where you just tapped one on the room and then tapped again on the recipe you want, worked just fine and was much easier than this convoluted press hold and slide around the entire screen garbage. If not for that, would be 5 stars. New update is visually appealing. Been using hue for years and it works well.
I have a timer set for a room at different time every Saturdays. Random room came on don't know why? Previous week all was OK.
Can't see how to use the new "colorloop" scene via the app ? although colorloop works Ok when I tell Alexa to apply it to a room - I found a post on Reddit from Viper999DC which says: Colorloop is built into the Hue api, but is not typically exposed as a scene by the normal app. Alexa does expose it, but is not the reason it exists, I believe. I've sent you more info via email...
The update is a huge improvement. Scene selection is no longer infuriating! No more circles zooming in and out for no reason, no more clumsy brightness ring. It works exactly the way I'd expect, now. Thank you. Seeing all lights in a single color wheel, and having the white / full color lights separated up front is so much better than before. The text input fields STILL don't support swiping, though.
As of the new update I can no longer log into my account. I get error occurred page not available. This means I can no longer use withy Google home devices. Very unhappy.
Thanks Philips for finally releasing this update. And also for Hue Sync for PC. Now release a Bridge V3 that supports more than 10 lights in an Entertainment area, or update the Bridge V2 if it's capable, that will give you 5 stars instantly.
I am so unhappy that I updated this app. Updating an existing scene is a nightmare. In randomly groups them and telling the bulbs apart is a real chore. It gets particularly troublesome when the bulbs overlap.
Nice app update. Changing or adding new scenes via the presets has gotten more cumbersome though.
Still no multi room scenes. Or ability to add lights to multiple rooms. Better would be the ability to add individual lights from multiple rooms to a scene. Like v1 (for open floor plan living)
It suddenly stopped working on my Google home device.. I unlinked it and attempted to re-link Philips hue and now get 'an error occurred' not available at this time. No reasons and so annoying as using it with Google home was the only reason I got the. Does still work with Alexa which i have upstairs but that beside the point. Very annoying and no news to users who are increasingly frustrated
A very recent update has significantly improved and simplified the UI and made the app much more responsive in connecting to the hub. I will keep an eye on it but if this is consistent it might finally be the app that does the technology justice.
Love the new UI and redesign. Found myself goofing up all the time with the prior UI. Turning lights off or going to the light color picker instead of accessing individual lights in a room. Kudos.
b'Why? ?? I have no words to describe the total and utter hopelessness I experience whenever a "major" update of the Hue app is released.'
They fixed issue as promised in timely manner. So I edited the rating to be fair for their work. Overall new version of mobile app looks different and connection gets faster.
Greatly improved UI! Scenes and lights picker is finally easy to use and makes sense! Lab features are great, though would be nicer if active labs were easier to manage.
New version STILL doesn't let you add arbitrary groups or set scenes for them. For example I have a 'downstairs' group that includes lights from several rooms. Created in all 4 hue and verified in other apps it's a standard LightGroup. New version doesn't see it can't set scenes for it nothing. This is why i still use v1 of the app and will continue to do so
With the 3.0 update you earned the fifth star. Much improved cleaner UI that is easier to use. I don't use the color light bulbs so I can't speak to the color changing portion of the app. But from what I do use it is a nice improvement.
Love the return of the colorpicker and new UI. But with the new version I cannot control the lightify on/off plugs anymore. They remain 'unreachable' while my Hue dimmerswitch is perfectly able to control them.
The way to the new scenes is odd, why would you even think to the camera icon for your (Hue's) built in scenes. Borderline bad ux design
Still missing the ability to assign lights to multiple rooms. Will be sticking with 3rd party app
Still Doesn't work With 5ghz wifi though. So useless with many modern mesh wifi setups. Like Google, eero, net gear etc
Hele verbetering die nieuwe versie! Er zit nog wel een bug in. Als ik de lichtsterkte van groepen lampen in een scène verschillend van elkaar wil instellen dan werkt het niet. De andere Lichtgroepen nemen de lichtsterkte van de laatste aangepaste groep over helaas.
I love the new app, however it will no longer speak with my Echo.. I tried disabling the skill and re enabling it but the external site to link the account won't work either.. Help!
It take a long time to find things and connect dimmer switches. It lost all programming once when there was a power outage, and whenever they update the software. Waste of my time.
Since update I can't link to Google assistant. I've lost all control of my lights at home. It takes to a page that says unavailable right now. Absolute rubbish. What's the point? I've spent $500 on lights I can't even use now. I'm stuck in the dark.
This new 3.0 update made out of home connections so much more responsive. The app has also had a huge UI change which is modern and is finally built for 2018. The apps responsiveness overall has improved dramatically. Overall great update.
loving the updated interface I rarely use the app as my control is offloaded to an automation hub, but this update has me poking around more then ever before.
The app was perfectly fine before, but with the new 3.0 update, it's on a whole other level. Menus are completely streamlined and much more intuitive. Thanks for listening to the userbase Philips! You made an incredible app and an incredible product.
Every time I open the app I'm forced to do an upgrade. And you can't even turn off your lights until you do. Ridiculous.
New update is terrible. Changes the colors of the lights back to certain color when i try to change it. Cant change the lights i have on at same time without all turning on. Terrible.
Update broke colors: none of my lct007s shine blue or green now. Switching back to third party app
Ouch! The update failed to install, please try again. - Can't update the bridge, can't use until update = infinite loop Hue!
Inability to add additional lights lights to a Phillips Hue setup is a major gap. Having to redefine all your rooms and lights is very inconvenient.
The new version of the app is constantly having issues trying to reach my light bulbs. Please fix this!
App keeps crashing. I mean really lights are a priority please fix this.
Bad UX when connection message push the lights button down so you miss hitting the on switch.
good Update:) but its unfamiliar and everything takes longer to adjust .. also to get to the scenes takes too long
App recognizes all 3 of my lightbulbs, but I'm unable to create a room, and therefore unable to use the app at all.
Doesn't seem much of an improvement. Still no way to add a room to two groups. Wasted opportunity.
Love my hue lights & the new app is much better but in the Home & Away I really want they ability to select 1 light in a room to turn on not only the hole room
Location awarenesses doesn't work, it revert back to off.......please fix it
The new 3.0 app is much more well thought out and usable than the prior generation apps ever were
So much hype but the app is not much different the the older one. Nothing new.
New android app is just like hue for iOS. Only on android it's trash
Since the new update, I can no longer connect to my lights to my Google home. Tried to disconnect the app and reconnect everything but the page to link the two has now dissapeard.
Still can't assign same light to two different rooms.
Why does this have so many dislikes...it works perfect ive never had a problem with it
Great app love the Phillips hue lights, with the new updated look in the App U. I it much easier to use navigate and is sleeker thanks for the update Phillips.
App works great and is simple to use . Recent update made it much better.... hopefully they release hue sync for many devices, especially gaming devices.
The new app looks good. I can't find the 30 new scenes though.
Api support has been fixed. Would be great if you guys would update your Twitter, when these sort of things happen. Cheers.
Sheesh, finally an app made for 2018. Much nicer UI. We'll see if this fixes the 'not reachable' issue.
Great update! Runs smooth, looks great and vastly improved user experience. Great job!
This is an improvement on 2.0 and has finally allowed me to delete the original app which I had continued to use. Still a long way to go.
Pretty Damn broken.. all the original scenes are now missing.. no "read" or "relax". I just get "no scenes in this room".
The new update has improved the over all feel of the app it's now no longer an eye sore and it's very simple to use.
It's a brilliant product, with an okay app; however, I nthe latest update the app crashes every so often upon launching the app.
Great update! Please add feature to copy routines from one room to another room. Keep up the great work Philips Hue Staff.
The new version has interesting features but is not very intuitive.
The new UI is slick, but still lacks the ability to set multi-room scenes.
Good so far! Don't know why new scenes are in photo section!
Downloaded the new app that promised 30 new scenes but they are not there.
Well I found the app to be more clean. It does need some updates but rest all is good
Update has taken the app to a new level. Can access the lights even when i'm not home now.
Great update, finally a usable app!
The new UI looks snazzy and solves some old UX issues. I like it.
Where are the 30 new scenes???? Edit: thank you!
Why can't I turn the lights ON in the sunrise routine and OFF in the sunset routine???
Great new update. Finally a Hue app that is easy to use.
Finally updated. 2.0 was horrendous.
I really like Hue 3.0 great new interface. Work well too Thanks Philips
Still pretty terrible.
If you have Google Home, Phillips Hue and this app are a must! Flawless.
The last update is just AMAZING!
New redesign is so much better! Great job. Will update with more use.
Had for awhile; new update has been nice addition. Good job team.
Can no longer connect to Hue Labs
I really like the 3.0 version but I don't have the new 30 scenes
Since the update it wont connect to the the box
Newest version is a ton better!
Best version yet.
Newest update looks very nice and is easier than previous version. The location awareness is yet to be tried.
Fantastic improvement with version 3.
The latest update, 3.0, is pretty cool, easy to use and really snappy.
Philips cannot into apps. (3.0)
Great! A 4, just because we're inpatient for 3.0 ;)
Love it! So much easier to use and love the new design
Simple, clean, intuitive interface! It's a joy to use! Thanks!
What an update. My lights are so awesome now
Wonderful and more responsive Material-style redesign!
The app works perfect nothing else to say
the old version mor better than new apps
Loving the new update, amazing work <3
Way better than version 1 and 2
Getting better!
The new version is a GREAT update!
i love the old apps.. now apps will be delete
A much needed interface upgrade.
New features.. But they don't work
Hands down the best lighting exp
Amazing improvements! Loved this version ;)
Where are my 30 new scenes?
Very nice ux!
New update is waaaayyy better
30 new scenes. No.
Great system... 5 stars
Yes I enjoy it.
Love the changes!
Love the update!
Absolutely Fabulous
excellent update.
Smart and works
Fantastic
Not really sure what to say about the negative reviews I've read here. It was super easy to set up, and I can do everything I want to do. I've had these lights/app for over a year, and I suppose the only glitch I noticed was that my lights sometimes don't turn on when I get home after sunset. Oh no, I have to flip the switch like I had to do my whole life..lol. I'm waiting on v3 now, so I can enter my formulas again. Patience grasshopper.
Easy to use and just plain awesome. We just installed our light bulbs so I cannot speak for the robustness of the app just yet but... oh wow! I've seen comments saying the scenes don't add anything dramatic. Well, that just isn't true. It's possible you need more lights to see the effect. We have 7 bulbs in the livingroom and the atmosphere is just amazingly awesome with those scenes. The sleep fade-out alarm seems to work just fine and overall just everything looks very cool. Looking forward to using these lights more.
The app is a great improvement on the original Hue app, to the extent I now use it as a way to control my lighting rather than a third party application. The original Hue app was a pile of crud. One small bug I've had recently is a persistent "trying to connect" notification, which I'd like to be able to dismiss, or at least to have disappear when it successfully manages to ping (or send a command) to the hub.
I actually preferred the original app. You could at least set multiple lights the same colour without having to set them individually and guesstimating the colours. Almost everything you can do in v2 you could do in v1, so v2 is a waste of time. Roll on v3.
Since last update, keep getting an annoying notification about the app trying to reach my lights. I can enter the app and connect and control via local wifi or out of home connection and it doesn't go away. I have to restart my phone to clear it, but it promptly returns. Assuming it's also chewing battery.
At first I hated this app and refused to switch from gen 1. However I did eventually take the trouble to manually move my scenes from gen 1 to this when I upgraded a couple of white bulbs to full colour. So mainly use this one now and it's OK. A couple of gaps but not too bad overall
Took me 3 factory resets to finally set this stupid thing up. Very buggy. You need to manually input ip address of Hue Bridge. You also need to register the Hue Bridge on the website rather than through the app. Finally, if anything goes wrong with the setup, you need to unregister everything from BOTH the Hue online system and the Google Assistant app. Don't forget to unregister from both systems before resetting and trying again. Anyway, I finally got it working, so I'll give it 2 stars instead of just 1.
I useful feature to add is the option to skip a wake up which has been created. I use mine as an alarm for work, and when I have days off I don't want to turn it completely off because I. Will forget to turn it back on. So to be able to skip a day would be useful
Good App, however I just recently updated the app to the latestest version and also updated all my light bulbs and Hue Brdige to the very latest firmware as well. My "Wakeup" features do not take effect anymore sadly. I had some preset lights that I wanted to be turned on at sunset, guess what? not anymore....... I looked into everything. I believe the app update broke this awesome feature. Any comments devs?
After they did an update my galaxy 8 active stopped being able to use the widget. The app is poorly laid out and offers no customer service or support. The widget was the only good part. Fix it and get a better rating
Since "upgrading" to the gen 2 app we are no longer able to use our scenes from gen one. We routinely have to remove and re add our bulbs to hue after our bulbs become mysteriously unresponsive. It''s a real pain to get the colors we want anymore. I can no control remotely or stay logged in. Basically you've screwed up every thing I bought hue bulbs for. Your DRM update to block manufacturers that don't pay the "friends of hue" extortion fees also limit the usefulness of MY hue hub.
Horrible since update .. the scenes and color options are basic and really don't do anything to make a dramatic difference.. the previous version allowed for better control of the bulbs and much richer color options.. and Just more scene options in general... I'm gonna pur or back in the box until the next update which I hope is better..
The previous version worked fine for years. It stopped working recently and required ab update. Each time I try to update the hub it fails. Tech support said bad hub so I bought a new one and it does exactly the same
Can we get another update? First the app wouldn't connect to my wifi, now all the bulbs are unresponsive for no reason. I'd like to get to sleep on time or leave the house without fighting with my hard to reach lights that are supposed the be remotely controlled. Help!
Had a setup which worked fine, got a new android phone, installed latest version of the app, now it can't find the hue bridge. I've tried turning it all off and back on, reinstalled the app, nothing. The app will not navigate away from the search new bridge page, hence it's useless. Complete waste of money.
- Lacks on options and adjusting lights only by touching the colorpallet is insufficient. Option to see and set code would be great - Can't group lights together. for example: bedroom has several light bulbs and 1 at either side of the bed. There is no way to make those 2 lights work as one in this app without removing them from the room first. - Working The slider is just odd. Start with 1% for every bulb in a room. Move the slider to 25% would mean, that ALL light should be 25% but it does not! They all have different value!? This is an app issue i believe. Based on visual judgement the fysical lights all have the same level. + The app looks good and throughout the day access for quick adjusting settings is childsplay +/- Overall needs more options. Especially to group lights together is in my opinion essential for future releases This app is okay at best considering the posibilities of the technology .
Unbelievable that one cannot create entire home scenes with this app. Which means that you have to create a whole bunch of extra steps if you want to use global scenes with dimming on Google Home.
The home and away feature has been updated which is great. The app almost works perfectly, I'm just having a small issue connecting it to my Google assistant. I will continue trying and once I get it sorted will update my rating to a 5 star!
Every single time you open the app you get a pop-up banner that slides the whole page, causing you to click the wrong items. If they switched to a standard Android toast this would not be a problem.
Bad Update. Since updating the software my bulbs are almost always "unreachable" and laggy. For $50 a lightbulb I expected to be able to at least turn the lights on and off remotely.
Widget is horrible. Can't edit something as simple as name once you hit save. Apparently have to remove and re-add to change anything. Also, it completely wipes itself out randomly.
Top hardware with mediocre software. The app widgets are ugly, dont work well and cant be configured to be useful. You cant group bulbs, making integration in google home utterly useless. Just sad, 3rd party software to the rescue.
Would give a high rating except it gets 1 star because I can't link the bridge to the hue account which renders it useless in connecting it to your smart home devices. Tried everything and nothing has worked. Waste of money
The app is fine except the routines do not turn the lights off even when they are set up to do so. Lightinf routines while I'm traveling is one of the reasons I bought the whole Hue System so this is a huge disappointment!
Helllloooooo, is anybody home? How do you not have a toggle switch widget? Like a button to put on your home screen that will turn lights on/off depending on current state? Maybe this is way more complicated than I know but with your current widget options you can make an ON switch and you can make an OFF switch but you can't make a toggle. So it means you need two separate buttons on home screen. Seems like pretty obvious functionality to me. Great lights when they work, but it's likely my wifi/networks fault.
This latest update has removed so much functionality that it has inspired me to give 1/5 for an app I usually love. Removing the ability to change a room's color without turning on bulbs that are off was, simply put, stupid. Removing the ability to change a room's color from the main menu makes no sense. I depend on both of these functions heavily and every day. I have uninstalled this until it is fixed. With the hundreds of dollars I've spent on your product (18 bulbs, three bridges), I think access to the previous version of this software wouldn't be too much to ask. Please, make it so.
Great when it works, frustrating when it doesn't. The last two times the app has updated it no longer pays attention to the sunrise/sunset schedule. Everything is still there and configured correctly but lights on the sunrise/sunset schedule don't turn on/off. End up deleting and recreating. So frustrating!
All of these people keep giving it a 1 star and trying to say the app won't let them connect or are saying its having all these issues but I am having zero issues. I've had some of these problems when I first got the app and they were all user error and I was able to get it going. I use this app for sunrise affect with my alarm every morning and to turn my lights on and off when I come and go. I love the app and this product!!!
Could be easier to control. One major design flaw is that the bar that loads a few seconds after loading the app to say it's connected or not pushes the controllers of the lights down, just when you're trying to press on/off or slide the dim switch, only to then jump back up once the notification disappeared. Please fix that!!
Apps fine. Except this pop up that never goes away telling me that phillips hue is trying to connect to the hub when i leave my house. Cant close it or anything. Occasionally comes up as im leaving home and ca not be closed
Bought the lightbulb and set it up but the app won't even connect! What's worse is there's no helpline or anything in-app for when you need to troubleshoot issues! The app currently says it's been updated so that this issue doesn't happen, but I can't even connect the bulb or "bridge."
Work great if you have a single bridge. I you try and juggle multiple bridges, every single time there is an update it will lock you in "dumb mode" until the bridge updates. Have to delete and reinstall to get back to correct bridge.
The product is great, the app has good features. It's just that it doesn't work most of the time. I'm plagued by issues such as lightbulbs turning themselves back on as soon as I turn them off. The bridge had connectivity problems even though I've tried resolving the issue both with the bridge and my internet.
The toggle on/off buttons need to be much bigger. Very frustrating to try and tap that little tiny rectangle when I'm waking up with a baby at 2am. The controls also shift when the connecting notification bar goes away right as I am hitting the button. I also wish you could turn the lights off manually and not have it revert back to the default color.
Update: Your app is horrible! The older app was perfectly fine. I had to download this app so I could sync my lights with my security system. I cannot control my lights from the app, I can only use my google home to control them. When I leave my home or come close to home the app shows in my notification bar so your tracking my location, that's getting turned off. I love your lights, despise this app.
The app is fairly sluggish and moving between different menus is unpredictable for example colour scenes or just different white temperatures. By far the worst thing is that hue labs now doesn't correctly work, and Philips is aware of this and has been for a while and it's still not fixed. We need to wait for the mythical version 3 of the app before functionality is restored.
It isn't as bad for me as it seems to be for others. I have no issues with my current setup which is 1 light strip, 6 ambiance light bulbs, and 2 blooms. The automation works well, great integration with the Google Assistant, and a lot of options as far as controls. One thing I would appreciate is the "last state" option in routines for the light strip. I want to use a red light under my bed at night so I can retain my night vision. Seems like a basic feature.
Works great with the Google Home. That's about it. I bought the bulbs so I could set routines for when they turn on/off - however, this function doesn't work. Tried numerous times to figure out if I'm doing something wrong, but after 2 hrs of messing around I'm confident I'm not. You set the routines but nothing happens. Really disappointed to be honest. Pull your finger out Phillips and give us a better app
Was working fine for past year, now forces me to an update screen but then says no hue connection. The app has essentially locked me out of my system because its only providing a must update option and does nothing to help reconnect me to my bridge. For the price paid for the system, you'd expect far better software engineering. 1 star, I'd give it 0 if there was an option. Don't see why it needs to keep updating my hardware anyways.
No hue connection. The app used to work great however recently its been showing as no hue connection. Its so annoying as we have a young baby I don't want to be asking Alexa to turn lights on and off.
Works perfectly! Amazing app. Plenty of options for my white ambience bulbs. Also works great with my google home. One small issue, every time I arrive home a notification appears saying "Phillips Hue is trying to reach your lights..." This gets stuck until I then restart my phone. Additionally, there seems to be no way to set the default colour of the globes to cool white for when I use the wall switch. It keeps defaulting back to a dim yellow.
This app does not and will not ever work with the echo plus. You still need to buy another bridge. Rip off
I have a feature request; can you add a "start now" to the "go to sleep" routine, so I can click a button in the app or on the remote to gradually fade out the lights in a selected room? Setting a specific time is not really useful as I don't go to sleep every day on the exact same time
Can you please relocate the small bar informing you about your connection status that appears every time you start the app. Its annoying because it makes the buttons with scenes move from bottom to top. It makes turning on and off even more difficult.
I can't update my bridge anymore, "ouch! The update failed to install". No matter what I try, annoying. I'll update my review once fixed.
The widget system is kinda poo! lightify led globes work well for me through the hue bridge and this app.
Came back to rate the app, only to find I had already rate it 1 star. Still a horrifically unusable buggy mess that doesn't come anywhere remotely close to functioning on even a basic level.
This app never works and says it can't find a connection. Other hue apps work and my Alexa is able to connect, so I know it's not the bulbs or the internet connection. It's just this app.
I just spent two hours trying to get two bulbs to turn on. One works, the other is mocking me. I feel like such a fool. Save yourself... It's too late for me.
Always have to use 3rd party app to link new lights to system, this app doesn't find them. Constantly loses connection to Hue system. Cannot login to Hue Lab with Google account.
Surprisingly weak, even unfinished feeling. Considering it's provided by a reputable company like Philips, I'm very surprised how unusable the widget design is, and how Google Home interactions are somewhat unreliable. I expected much more, considering the cost of the hardware.
Buggy. Non intuitive. Limited. Ugly? Location aware disappears and doesn't work. Prompted for update and it seems nothing happened. Not always a save to set config sometimes a back is enough. State is not considered when doing things like a fade in, even if already on and 100%. So many simple suggestions that could make this better, but from the reviews nobody is listening. Where is 3.0....?
I like the app for the most part. Or, I did. I seem to perpetually have the "Philips Hue is trying to reach your lights" notification. It doesn't matter if I'm at home or not, on WiFi or not. I've restarted the phone, doesn't help. Even opening the app and watching it connect doesn't remove the notification. In short, I'd roll back to an earlier version of I could.
Really don't like the new app. Yes it looks nice but it's impossible to edit a scene now and pick bulbs individually to work with. Tried all sorts of gestures and couldn't get it to simply remove a bulb from the scene. I've reverted to 2.x.
5 years ago this was amazing, if a bit limited, functionality. Since then there's been very little progress. The truth is a light switch on the wall is unfortunately still the most convenient solution. Hue is expensive, a pain to use and hasn't changed in years. We.need Steve Jobs alive so that simple things can be kept simple. Phillips have done a great job in making this great idea painful to use. An exam, one of many, is how long it takes the app to connect to my lights. When it takes 5 seconds to turn a light on the novelty soon wears off and you find yourself simply using the switch on the wall. A few months later you realise you are using the hue lights as if they were normal bulbs. The only difference is they cost 20 times.more. I could go on....
Does the job but takes too long to open to let me alter anything, and worst of all it always geolocates me to the middle of the sea, so I can't use the coming home routines.
Needed to manually input the IP address on my Google Pixel 2. If you're having trouble, try connecting with a different device, then going into settings and looking up the IP address.
The app and devices were working fine until this evening. Now all of the accessories are sporadically becoming unreachable and I can no longer add new, or reset existing, accessories.
Overall a well functioning app but I've found myself in a crash cycle by naming a group "none". This is a pretty serious bug that needs to be resolved.
The lights and bridge were really easy to set up, but the home and away automation functions don't work properly all the time. Schedules and wake up work great, and it links up with ifttt & other 3rd party hue apps well.
For everyone who complains about not being able to create a scene with lights from different rooms, you can create widgets to do this! You create a scene for every room and then combine them in the widget! This works for up to 4 rooms. For example, I created a widget for a nighttime toilet run. By pressing the widget my 2 lightstrips under my bed go on, one light in the livingroom, one light in my diningroom and my bathroom lights go on! Hope this helps!
Does exactly what it says it should. Nice how it uses the bridge instead of using a bunch of different Wi-Fi's like the competitors. Would like to see a color wheel option for creating colors. Brighter bulbs would be nice as well, but it is still better than competition.
Since the latest update, this app constantly shows all my Hue lights as unreachable and I can no longer control them with my Google home. Please fix this issue soon.
Does not give me the proper prompts to set up my hue bridge. Recently switched to a Pixel 2 XL and this app is completely non functional.
This app is not always clear or intuitive. I have tried to delete a sleep time and it continues to do it even though it has been deleted. Changing a timer is a pain as well.
Under cooked app.... always having issues and losing connection
This app sucks. I spent over 30 minutes (no joke) trying to get it to connect to the bridge, over multiple wifis. (Both the phone and bridge on the same wifi) and it refused to connect. I downloaded a third-party app and guess what? It connected instantly. I am quite disappointed and do not recommend this app, from my experience this is a waste of time as it blows chunks, you are better off looking at the related apps to control the lights
It looks like the app is in setup mode all the time. Like it's not done. Try to change light level and you end up swiping to another setup page.
It's only a step above useless. It doesn't update automatically and it stops working and won't let you update. If you reinstall, it won't let you just sign in, you have to go push the bridge again.
Unbelievably stupid motion sensor behavior - there's just 1 action the app allows to set on detection of motion. And if you set that the turn the light on, then it will, get this, keep turning on the lights to that setting even right after you've turned them off - eg thru Alexa (and hence don't want them to immediately turn on again) or changed the brightness / scene to something else (that setting's lost)
Installed yesterday with my new hue system. Today it started updating and the bridge is not responding anymore even after a factory reset. Total disappointment!
It works with the light bulbs. But it doesn't work the light strips (rope lighting). I also wished there was a way to use it without having to use a smartphone.
If you have low expectations and don't mind the glitches and inconsistencies than this is the app for you. It's only been years and Phillips can't seem to support their product. Do yourself a favour and return their bulbs so you can speak their language with your wallet.
Used to work but now does not work when out the house. Works fine on local lan still. Alexa and Smartthings still controlling lights fine over the internet so has to be hue or the app at fault.
Widgets don't work at all. The app is pretty bad overall, 3rd party apps are way better
They shouldn't force to update every time. It's very annoying, because you need to reconnect to the bridge before you can use the app!! I also want to adjust every setting without the need to be connected to the (same) Wi-Fi network.
The app is buggy. It shows "out of home connection" while on the same network as the bridge/light bulbs. It's very unreliable
Gets the job done. However it is a pain adjusting brightness. The slider touch target appears to be random in scene selection screen.
Location awareness doesn't seem to be working any longer. Lights would be on when I got home after dark and now for some reason the app can't tell the difference between me being home and away from home.
I like it but it keeps saying. No connection after I triple checked everything. It did work the first week though
Bueno, no tan grandiosa. Configurar un widget es un dolor de cabeza, y si por alguna razón se borra, hay que volver a configurar todo, switch a la vez. La implementación de los widgets es simplemente patética.
b"Can't do anything except turn the lights on and off since latest update. Schemes, routines, and even changing the brightness no longer work ??"
Super useful, and improving albeit slowly... Sunrise/Sundown feature should have allowed minutes before or after... And notification that "Philips Hue is trying to reach your lights..." needs to be tested...yea. In related news it's super way cool how Philips supports arts and sports - have seen multiple adventure films sponsored by Philips, very interesting stuff. Thank you Philips!
Good app except, that it's completely useable if you have Accessibility settings on you cant select the toggle to turn lights on or off! Fix your app and add accessibility functionality.
Doesn't connect to hue bridge when using Google pixel 2. Works well on my other devices, I suggest an update to correct this issue
Shows a constant out of home connection, no matter how I have my phone connected.
After an update most of my routines stop working and annoyingly kept turning on the light instead. Switched to using IFTTT.
This app is missing a ton of needed features. 1: the ability to turn the motion sensors on or off is very limited. This needs to be improved by adding the ability to turn a rooms sensors on or off on the main room list screen 2: the ability to control multiple hue hubs working as if they are one system is extremely important and badly needed
Impossible to login to connect with my google home. Google loggin doesn't work and philips account either
Waste of time, doesn't pick up the hub yet aftermarket apps work perfectly. Don't down load this Use-Less Memory Hogg
La aplicación es buena. Mi sugerencia sería que trabajen un modo de notificación en caso que el lugar confronte falta de energía. Sería una buena alternativa en notificarle al usuario que la energía llegó y pueda apagar las luces. Esto evitaría gasto de energía.
Meh, not really impressed with app functionality. Prior reviews with similar complaints. Do better.
It works good. A little laggy but does the job
Since last update I cannot access my Hue bridge when I am away from home, before the update I had no problems. The only way I can adjust my lights whilst out is to access them through the Amazon Alexa app, which is a bit fiddly.
This simple app controls all of my lights work ease. A great app compared to the $6 hue essentials that is a non working app with zero support! This app keeps it simple!
Horrible layout. When I try to use the slider, almost every single time it takes me to edit the groupings for the bulbs. Extremely infuriating if you're getting up at night to use the toilet and you don't want the light on full.
big issue is bulb can't remember light setting when switch off. and bulb use warn white light.
60% of the time it works every time. The UI looks like it was taken from the Android Gingerbread days...the light switches scrubbers should be larger to accommodate the larger size of a finger.
Latest update is an epic fail. Now the app connects, disconnects, tries to connect, fails to conect making the app COMPLETELY USELESS. Add to that the failure of Philips Hue to talk to Alexa and I have a load of bulbs that I can't control. SORT IT OUT!
This is not supporting Gen-1 Devices? BS!!! and It took me 1 hour to figure it out.
There is no place to login. After switching to a new phone, the only option I have is to set up the bridge again. Overall I like the app besides this. Update: you do not have to set up the bridge again like it says, just hit the button and it syncs. Pretty easy. Great app.
Can longer do anything with this app.. It's forcing me to do a bridge update but my bridge has been changed so I can't reach the setting menu to add the new bridge :( for some reason not doing the update prevents you from accessing the setting menu.
Latest updated messed up all my bulbs I can no longer control any after a lot of trying to fix it.
Not working on my Pixel 2 XL after the latest update. The app can't find Hue bridge. It works fine on my Note8 though.
Still having connectivity issues with the hue bridge. This is not allowing a log in to my hue
Totally useless. Bridge keeps disconnecting from the network! Searching fails to find bridge
The Android version of this app is unfortunately, junk. Constantly loses connection to the bridge, causing me to restart my phone before it wants to reconnect.
I've been slowly converting my house in to a hue lights ran house for about 6 months now but I will not be buying another product until this app is fixed. I have had countless issues with my lights either not connecting or not changing color when using this app and now after trying to disconnect some of my lights and reconnect them to see if that fixes the bug, I was then unable to reconnect the lights. I now have $90 worth of RGB LED lights in my ceiling fan that are useless unless I want the original white color. This is extremely disappointing considering the price of all the different lighting pieces for this to run so poorly.
How hard can it be to control lights? Why do we need continual firmware upgrades? What is it today Hue, do you need more permissions for GDPR?
As of a few weeks ago, this app ceases to communicate across networks. I can no longer control my light from any connection on n outside of my local WiFi.
Only issue is the 'Other Routines' setting doesn't stay on. What's the point of having an Other Routines setting if you have to keep turning it on?
I like how easy it is to turn on lights anywhere in the house. I don't like how easy it is to accidentally turn on lights anywhere/everywhere in the house.
All my lights are suddenly unreachable since the last update?
Please update your app. It has been made very clear to me that it would be updated by mid-May.
It easy to install, but when you set a timer, it's not correct, start 10-20 minutes earlier than you ask it to start.
Cannot just connect with account to synchronize with new phone, you absolutely have to press the button But other than that, it's a great and easy to use app and it's really responsive.
Crappy POS doesn't find the Hue bridge...absolute junk, taking it back to purchase something that works
Pay £24 for a white ambiance light to use the wake up function, which doesn't work at all.
Too many bad reviews for the 3.0 App. I'll wait until they get all the bugs out.
Trying to sync my Hub V1 with Amazon Alexa is impossible. Even Cortana did it in the first attempt.
I'm really disappointed.. I think your going in the right direction. that bridge......... BLUETOOTH IT PEOPLE. You missed the mark
This app works perfect every time for me.my whole house has hue bulbs and other smart stuff and everything works perfect every day, never had any problems with this app or any of my other smart home appliances.exellent app :)
Great app, easy to set up if you have any common sense. Synced it up with my Google home mini, it feels like I'm living in the future!
I got Philips Hue US Version, where our mains voltage is 220V. These lights are rated 110V. App works perfectly. But do not use them with 220V. I use converters to drop voltage to 110V. Working fine.
Nice app, would rate it higher if there was parental controls. I would like my kids be able to have the app but only have access to specific lights and/or rooms
Buggy system. Don't recommend the hue system as a whole
Only works when connected to wifi, since the last update. I used to be able to have it work while I was away on data, but it says its not connected. Please fix...
Hue bridge sometimes get disconnected and don't get connected until reinstalling the app
When I set up wake up, the hue color is always the same.. fix it
I work with Philips Dynalite, need more integration. Hue app is better than before in 3.0, but still needs more.features.like all the 3rd party apps.
It's to difficult to change color and brightness of multiple lights quickly. I prefer the original app over this.
Cant update hue bridge now i cant use the because of that and my lamp turns on at 0515 every day and i cant change it
It stopped working after I updated it.
Great lights, awful app. When you open it, it takes about 10 seconds to connect, when I decides it wants to connect at all. A utility control like this needs to be instant.
Bulbs are way to dim; won't work when WIFI is down
Telling me to update something, but won't connect. Can't even attempt to connect to a new bridge
It doesn't work. Horrible update handling!!!
After update it says i need to update the hue system but the update button is disabled so i can't update and I can't use my lights
This app has been great... Except it stopped working.
I really don't need color metaphors to set my lights.
Can't update the Bridge to install additional lights. I wish I could get my money back.
When I connect Nest to Google Assistant or Google home it recognizes 63 devices when I only have seven
Just when I started trusting the location aware feature, it stopped working. Please change the developers for this app.
CAN'T LOG IN !!!!!!! I TYPE CORRECT DETAILS, THEN SAYS THERE ARE NO HUE BRIDGES ON MY NETWORK, WHEN THERE IS !!!!! I WILL GIVE 5 STARS IF THIS IS FIXED.
The home & away function is buggy since the last update. The lights turn off and on again while im at home. Fix this please
Works great. Does what I need it to. Lights on and off and set scenes. Also create rooms to control all the lights at the same time
The app finds one bulb but not two been at it for 4 hours on my day off
Doesn't work away from home as described. I love using at home, needs to be more user friendly away from home.
Does the job, but room management could do with some work
Works well, some of the functionality I wanted could only be accessed through hue labs, but it's there.
Can't rename lights, can't copy scenes, can't assign lights to more than one room
Used to work with routines, now latest version routines don't work. Phillips, please fix!
Terrible I'll conceived UI
Since last update, won't let me connect to the hub
No Wear OS support even though there is an apple watch app available
Had a problem but help from Philips out staning thanks very good
Could not connect to Hue bridge even with an IP address
No longer able to login
Why can't you list what's here? Why do I have to visit the app to read about it?
One star until I can pick the same color across rooms.
App was working but now the colours aren't working within the app
Lots of glitches with the new update
Works well with my bridge and bulbs whether I am at home or not. No issues at all.
Great app and devices. Love the convenience that provides in my life. It syncs with my home mini perfectly
Timers don't work
Needs dual/split screen support on the Motorola Z2 play otherwise it works really well
Have to reopen the app for it to actually control lights most of the time.
Works great with my Hue setup. UI looks kind of dated but works well.
Can you make this support multi window mode?
Please add utility room type and icon. Thanks.
I'm super exited for the new overhaul!
Need more scenes still waiting for the spring update although nearly summer now
user friendly updates to bulbs took awhile other than that very nice!
We need multi-family logins.
Could not bridge at all
Could use some more features that third party apps provide.
Won't find my bridge
Works again.
Annoying operation!
Controls the lights perfectly as described, and updates friendly with new features.
Simply doesn't work.
Works very well
Needs more option
"No hue connection"
Easy to use. Works with Alexa. Exactly what I was looking for!
Lights and bridge work well and colour adjustment is great.
Works like a charm with my Phillips hue lights.
Brilliant need not say anymore try for yourself
My first time with smart bulbs and it works fine
Good app you can control your lights from it
Bad UX
It works, flawlessly might I add
Great app and easy to use. Hue labs can be improved
Works well and it's pretty easy to use.
Easy to set routines and control the lights.
Easy to use and almost always accurate.
Great app easy to use and nice UI
It works
Works as intended
Working well
It's fine
Buggy.
Works great love it.
This app is the best
Just a great app
I love the lights
This app is amazing
Works like a charm....
b'Awesome!!!!??????'
Awesome!
Great app
Verry Nice
awsome
Cool
Great
Love it
The app suddenly can't find my Hue bridge, even though all the other apps I use to control my Hue system find it in half a second. Over the years, Philips' development of their system has been lacklustre and alarmingly amateurish. There are independent developers that do a much better job. It doesn't bode well for the future of a system if the manufacturer can't be bothered with it.
It functions....somewhat. Totally unreliable. Even when connected to wifi..."hue is unavailable". The geo location is a joke. It NEVER functions to turn on the lights when I arrive (the IFTT app is more reliable). Standing in my driveway with a strong wifi signal I could not control lights i was looking at. Great app if we were in the 1970s...would have expected reliability from what is advertised as the best. May want to research other lighting systems. Least it works 90% of the time using google home.
I love my lights and the entertainment is a huge step for the app, but it would be best to have the app perform as an all in one unit. Third party apps for party/disco lights is not the best. Also, after the update there has been an error regarding the controlling device not being connected to the internet, even when it is (not affecting all app features i.e turning lights on/off and changing color).
I feel like I wasted my money with the light bulbs... This new app is almost worthless, why in the heck do you drastically reduce the amount of scenes from your prior appointment release? This is the worst update I've ever seen. Also, why did you take away compatibility with the pixel C?? Pathetic. EDIT: several months after having my hue set and forgetting about them you finally gave compatibility to tablets.neat I guess. Have a star
The app is very user friendly. However I can't seem to access the Hue Labs anymore from within the app. It tells me that no formulas exist yet. Also can't manage my existing formulas. When I access Hue Labs from the browser then I all is working perfectly. It seems to be broken within the Hue app. I really hope this will be fixed soon or it you have a solution for me. As now I can't toggle on formulas from within the app.
buggy. turns light on and off, yet says unreachable. after reinstalling and reinitializing, works for a while, but soon lamps forget how they are reachable. expected more from a technology giant like phillips. my dad's old electric razor still works though. perhaps phillips is not ready
V1 was miles better. This app is garbage. The inability to group lights while moving is probably the biggest loss. Making scenes with lots of lights is super slow in comparison to the 1st gen controller. It connects fine and the timer functions are accurate, so its not like it's totally unusable. But the user nterface needs some love IMHO.
I just had to switch phone from Apple to Samsung. I had the Hue app on my Ape and it worked FLAWLESSLY. I would give it 5 stars. But on Android it sucks. Same layout and option but it refuses to stay connected to the Hue bridge. Constantly not showing status, buggy, and overall WORTHLESS. I hope this is just an issue with the current version as I see other comments about it getting worse since last rev. But until they fix it I'm screwed. I can walk I'm the door and turn on all lights. I guess I will just have to keep my iPad handy.....
It does silly things that there are no excuse for. For example, you might open it to adjust your lights and it will have yesterday's light settings showing (ie, only the bedroom shows on). There's no excuse for that. There is a dedicated hub to manage the lights and you can't get the current value of the lights in less than five seconds?
The app is a total mess, it is impossible to find anything. Why not two tabs, hardware and routines? Plus, after aeons of waiting, at last philips implement sunrise and sunset! Hardly cutting edge! The lights are all too dim, too. Edit 10 Jan 2018: More fluff, little substance.
When are we going to see a 'remember settings' option? It is very, very annoying coming home when it's dark and then being blinded by 4 Hue spots on maximum bright white light every night. For lamps this expensive, you would expect them to remember the last brightness and color...
Crude home automation app: no multiuser features, limited access to hardware features, widgets have highly restricted features. "Labs" are so limited, buggy and difficult to use as to as to seem like a weird, unfunny joke. Hue hardware is good, software seems like something hastily thrown together to support QA during early stages of development. Philips should stop wasting developers' time on nonsensical features like "entertainment mode" and provide basic automation.
Lights work fine but the app, routines and automation don't work. Overall the wake up and Home & Away stopped working which is very annoying and not what you expect for the price tag. It will be great to arrive home and have the lights on as you advertise. The app UI needs as well a revamp as the "labs" tab is not very user friendly.
Routines and timers don't work and scenes often fail to respond after a few uses, forcing you to use a 3rd party paid app or other manufacturer's smart hub to actually control them. Not what they advertise, especially not for their expense.
Apparently, buying one light bulb for almost $40 isn't enough, you have to also buy a hub for over $60 also. I should be able to hook this right to my Google Home setup, without having to buy something else. That was not made clear before I made my purchase. Very disappointed. Returning the bulb, and going with a different brand.
Keep up the great work philips, it's brilliant to see the app continue to grow and get new features. No issues for me at all, limitless possibilities! Looking at the 1 star reviews the only issue you can't control is the user!
This app is terrible compared to the iOS version. It does not detect when I get home, so the auto on feature never works, and the auto off at night never works either for some reason, but all of this works perfectly (in my experience) on the iOS version. I'm on a pixel 2 and I don't have my phone in power saver or anything, so the app is running, it just sucks. I might as well not have "smart" lights. Thanks for ruining your own product.
I wanted to give one star for the location aware Home/Away feature literally only working ONCE. Hue app has permission to destroy my battery, unrestricted data usage, and everything else I can think of, but it still never bothers doing anything in the background. It gets an additional star because at least the wake up routines work. C'mon Philips, people shell out a couple hundred dollars for this stuff, the least you could do is make it work.
I was unable to connect to my newly bought Hue bridge until I manually entered the IP address. Tried at home and at the office, same problem. Looks like Hue app doesnt even try to find the bridge, when I press find bridge button its almost instantly shows me the message that no bridge found. Ive asked my colleague at the office with iPhone to install the Hue iOS app and it was seeing the Hue bridge without IP hardcoded.
I'm giving you a 2 star because of your failure to implement groups. You've been around for long enough, sort it. Actually, after using it more I dislike it more and have downgraded it to 1 star. I should be able to go into the app and quickly be able to do what I want but can't, so it's a failure.
-It's an easy app to use and the synchronization with the Hue bridge and lights is easy and fast. The setup of new light bulbs and accessories too. The remote control from away works every time but with a couple of seconds delay. -The timers and schedules is a nice touch but not easy and intuitive to program but when done correctly they work every time. -What I would like to see included in the future is ability to control the fade in/out of the lights as well as the colour they fade in/out. e.g.: To set the lights to turn on at a specific time set to bright white while fading in from yellow and when is time to turn off to fade out with blue. -One more would be the option to pair all ready paired light bulbs, accessories and lights to different groups. e.g.: I have set 4 lights in the hallway as a group and a Hue bloom in the same group. I would like to be able to pair the Hue bloom to a different group of lights so I can be able to set different schedules.
Rarely turns my lights off on the first try. Sometimes I turn them off with the app, the app shows they're off, but I get up in the morning and they're on. Is it really a convenience if it doesn't work consistently?
When it works it's great BUT I have had to uninstall it from my S8 because it stopped working and wouldn't connect to the hub. I tried everything. Restarted the phone and even turned it off . No go. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app . No go again . So I installed it on my 2nd phone a Moto E4 and it connected to the hub. If it messes up again I am going back to un- smart lights!!
It was working fine but now I can't even connect to the service, my Google won't even recognize the lights or turn them on and off. Kind of pissed me off coming home & not being able to control my lights.
The old app works fine, but this one simply closes with no warning or error message every time I press the button on the hue hub to pair it. Thus rendering my newly purchased sensors utterly useless. If this is the future of hue I might have to move on. Having to use a phone to manage and maintain the hub is bad enough but if it doesn't work what's the point? I have now tried this app on 6 different Android devices... as soon as I press the pair button on the hub it closes... no error message nothing. Is it me?
Thank God for Alexa commands. Hue interface makes no sense. Horribly designed app. If you don't have Alexa then don't expect the lights to work off the merits Hue by itself.
This app barely works. They've updated a few times since I got it but half the functionally is still broken. Update: this app and the Hue platform overall are still garbage. I like the lights though.
These bulbs are cool and setting themes, rooms, and auto on/off schedules is really easy. But I also use a physical switch with mine and ever time they power cycle they revert back to warm white. Please add in the functionality to change the default to a certain color/theme or restore the last theme used after a power cycle. (Edit) After a recent firmware update and software update, the bridge removed itself from my meethue account and will no longer allow me to add it. When prompted to press the button to link the bridge to my account, nothing happens when pressing the button. Have tried from Android and Windows. I can no longer control my lights when I am away from home not control them via Google Assistant. This I agrevating as these all functioned before the updates. Please fix.
It's okay and it does its job, but aside from the relatively poor interface it's frustrating that it's not possible to pick specific lights for routines or with the motion sensor. Would be nice to have this feature, as I don't want to have to turn on every light in the room, say, when the motion sensor activates. The ability to delete rooms wouldn't go amiss, either.
I would give a better review of this app if it didnt force itself to be installed on my internal memory. With limited internal storage, it would be great to move such a large app over to my sdcard. Limiting your application to be installed internally is frustrating.
Good app, lots of fun to play with. My only gripe is I have to turn off my AVG VPN security for it to find the bridge. Minor inconvenience, I just gotta be mindful to.turn it off when I get home to my secure wifi.
Please Philips fix all the huge hugs with the Android app. My bridge won't connect online, my app won't either, WON'T CHECK FOR UPDATES - seriously need fixes please! Terrible service from a great company and otherwise good product.
Its ok on the surface, but when you want more advanced features to fine tune your lights for specific purposes, it greatly lacks. You cannot make widgets to individual lights, nor can you set up routines for individual lights. Rooms prevail in this app, and it's extremely limiting. You can make rooms that only contain a single light, but that defeats the purpose of what Rooms means, as you cannot pair rooms together on a single switch. Turning on a bedside lamp feels very tedious.
App is horrible slow. I'm on my Wi-Fi of Google fiber and it can take 10-30 secs before lights respond to this app. Other apps work great. Please fix
Great in theory, not so good when it comes to doing its job. Unreliable, often unresponsive, I can't get the home and away routines to work properly. - UPDATE: please, please, fix the home and away routines!!! It happens too frequently for the lights to turn off and on at their convenience because the app thinks I just left/entered my place. It's really annoying, and ruins the experience of otherwise amazing smart bulbs.
As great as the lights are themselves, the app is terrible for one simple reason. I have to quit it every time I want to control a light because it can't quickly refresh itself to show their current state. Just daft!
Good overall. It can be a little annoying to create scenes for multiple rooms at one time but nothing terrible. I don't use it as much anymore because of the integration with smart things
disappointingly, poor app for a brand like Philips. response latency is terrible. delay in WiFi acquisition every time you get home is beyond annoying. For the hefty price of this system, it's pretty substandard
For me, its worked really well. The app is straight forward after you've played around with it for a while. Some great control features inside. Would be better if you could be connected withuot being on the wifi. Also the boot time needs to come down for it to be 5 stars.The speed of connecting to control the lights is the only thing that I think lets this down.
App has worked fine for me typically but the most recent update of March 2nd or 3rd broke the out of home connection functionality for me. Downgraded back to the previous version and it works again. Hope the Hue team can get that fixed!
This app is trash!!! The main reason I purchased Philips Hue over LifeX lights is because I figured since Philips Hue is more popular it would have better NATIVE app support that works well. This app is extremely terrible! I honestly might consider buying LifeX lights.
I like the app but it does not work as well as the iOS version. It's very delayed in displaying current status after opening the app. Seems to be faster to use Google Assistant.
I'm unable to add widgets to my Pixel 2 I get an error stating there is "no more room on home screen" although there is plenty of room. I am able to add widgets from other apps to the screen, but not the 1x1 or the 4x1 Hue widgets.
Widgets are really useful. They allow you to put a switch for your favorite scenes on your home screen, so you can turn them on and off without having to open the app.
Works ok, but recent update has removed my formulas from Hue labs. Come on Philips put more effort into your app and sort this problem out. Hard to recommend to friends and the moment!
I love the concept but the app doesn't connect to the bridge and there is no way to fix and I've been getting the run around from customer support. Feeling like a waste of money
It is great when it works. It seems unreliable though. For example, there are times when I have to tap the turn off light button multiple times before it finally turns off the bulb.
Had my Phillips hue for about a year or more now. Had no faults what so ever until the latest update now I cannot use my lights via the hue app anymore as it won't connect at all on my WiFi or out of home. Seriously needs sorting!
So apparently after the update my bridge now doesn't connect at all. Fantastic. Was working fine up until now, LITERALLY until the update.I know it isn't my internet connection as all my other hue apps work fine. Can't some contact me to sort this issue please, as I'm really or happy about it!
Limited customization options for automated lighting. Annoying to set up widgets. Limited integration with Google Assistant.
The Hue Sensor need more setting for off EG: turn off to a theme..had to stop using it because it doesn't support this feature. my bathroom is always on sleep mode (5% brightness, when I walk in I want it to go bright then turn back to sleep theme, which it won't do. It will onky turn it off after a set time. very disappointing)
App works great. Setup process is rather vague and incomplete. A novice is going to have difficulty in bridging and linking to Alexa. But once it's done it works flawlessly!
It's getting a lot better over that last 6 months or so. I'd like to see faster refreshing if light status and customizable scenes to save.
The app is working well for me, and I find the user interface reasonable to work with. The one thing I can't understand is that if you set up an event timed for "sunrise", the only option is to turn off the lights completely. Our apartment doesn't get a ton of natural light, so I want to just change the lights to a cooler white at sunrise, and leave at least some of them turned on, but the app prevents this.
App makes it unnecessarily difficult to control the lights. Also could do a much better job of signalling connection issues.
Impossible to log in as the app tells me my hub is not connected to the internet! It definitely is. This means that the functions I need are not available.
This app is clearly labeled 3.0 and it asks me to open however my phone shows version 2.19 and suddenly I am unable to link my Hue account to the Google home app. Customer support is terrible.
Useless app. Keeps losing connection to the bridge. Have to keep reinstalling in order to work.
Labs availability fixes a lot of issues with the motion sensor, nice work. Unrelated, but why does the web interface suck so much?
b"Dear Philips! Your routines section is frustrating. The sunrise and sunset feature does not make any sense. I mean why can't it turn your lights on at sunset and turn off at a specific time? Also you should add animations like a morning sunrise... ??"
$200 wasted on Phillips products. 1 bridge, 6 lights including 1 color hue light. The bridge worked for 2 months then started dropping lights. Now the app and Alexa can't find the bridge. Restarted, reset, reinstalled the app. Nothing. DO NOT BUY PHILLIPS.
Works well with Google home, however I'm unable to use the app itself as it constantly disconnects itself. I end up having to close it and open it again to force a connection, which doesn't even always work.
Clunky set up, but once I understood the software it is very easy to use. My bridge works through my wifi repeater even. More could be done like recording custom colour transition patterns via the user moving their finger across the colour spectrum. Otherwise I believe this is the industry standard. A lot of electricians are gonna lose work to this product!
I used this app with 4 lights and I already feel like the God of my living room. I had a big grin on my face because I only hooked up the lights to our living room and my nightstand, so my wife will have to buy more lights if she wants to use it for her nightstand. Overall great product.
Timers don't work and every once in a while I have to unplug the lamp and plug it back in so the dimmer and color change resets. Inconvenient is nicest thing I can say.
The Away from home feature doesn't consider if any else is home. Would change my review to 5 stars if this is fixed
It was fine until the last update. My wake-up routine no longer turns off the lights at the end, no matter what time I set. Come on, Philips, write some tests for your code, and don't push buggy updates.
Whilst the lights are great this app isn't. The labs section is practically unsusable. Hint for hue:if a light is unreachable then by definition it OFF so don't show it as on.
Problems connecting hue to the web with latest release seems to have been resolved. Their server was likely overwhelmed after their appearance at CES.
Hue Light App is working great as far as the performance goes. Can you add a feature that allows users to create a shortcut icon for available bulbs so we can quickly turn the light on/off. For samsung devices it'd be great to develop an app for the edge to access the bulb much quicker than going to the hue app. This is something nice to have.
Manage and control your lights remotely when traveling...until there is a software update, you are screwed until you get back weeks later
It works some times, but the app has a confusing UI. My single most request feature... Change the silly 'I / O' icons to an on and off icon. When you want to trigger settings on and off in the app, there is no way to know if the icon you click toggled it on or off, they just give you an 'I and O'
Nice lights comes with a handicapped app.....Philips really need to spend some time making more features in the app. I wanted to buy more lights but cancelled after using the app
It's fine when it works but it randomly deletes my wake up routine. Can't rely on it to work when I need it to.
Very disappointing app experience -- constantly has connection errors where it is unable to connect to the lights, rendering the app completely useless.
From 2 stars to 1. I've had this installed for 6 months. Stop telling me how to use it and getting in my way.
Wish you could control the hue motions via voice with Google assistant. Sometimes you don't want it turning off the lights. And only having day/night function is very limiting.
New requirement for syncing with Google Home requires me to unlink and relink my Hue with a Philips account. Now, the bridge won't link to MyHue. Cannot control lights at all!
App just broke since recent Entertainment update! Having all kinds of connectivity issues. Controlling lights still works. Common guys, get your QA together!
Hue bridge broke always disconnects every 10 seconds after updating put it back to factory reset still does the same thing cant fix
Why can't a light level be set in the WakeUp settings.. we just want lights to be dim in the morning not eye searing 100% we use them on 10-20% not max..fix it it's not like this is a new issue
It should be possible to set the color and use the dimmer before you switch on a lamp. Cause now you need to switch it on. And then the dim bar appears and you can change the color
Love the lights and the app. However, I do think that all features of the lights should be available through this one Phillips app. I shouldn't have to buy multiple third party apps to unlock all of the features of my lights. A few more color schemes would be nice too.
Stupid app. When I tried to log in, it pops me to a philips mobile website using a browser inside the app who asked me to push the middle button on the bridge to connect to the bridge. And no matter how I push it, it never worked. Can you just make me log in within the app itself instead of opening a stupid web page??? DISAPPOINTED!
Widget does not work in the "widget edge" on sumsung note 8. Also, being able to control this from the notification bar would be nice.
Love the lights. However, would like to add getting better with updates, however it doesn't always connect to the bridge. I usually mostly my Google home to control the lights because it connects much faster than the app
Fix your stupid app, can't even search for the bridge. Pixel 2 xl latest version of Android. Fix now or else I'm going to return the bridge and bulb.
Why is it every app update messes up all my color and intensity settings.
When I bought this hue with colour starter I loved it. It worked with both Home assistant via local connection on my network (gigabit) and Google assistant on the cloud. Then Google and Philips decided that cloud only is the future and that nobody should want to turn lights on and off if there internet is down. Now in addition to all connections being tied to the cloud so the device becomes worthless when Philips decided to "retire" it.. but it no longer allows me to connect to Google assistant and just gives me a "couldn't update your setting please check your connection".. despite my just logging into Philips with that same connection seconds before. So now only the hue app can control my lights.. and no amount of clearing data and resetting / reinstalling apps has made a whit of difference. Is it still a smart device if it wastes far more of my time than the manual switches ever did?
Poorly designed UI that is not easy to use. The widget no longer works on my homescreen to change the light settings or open the app.
Help with setting lights on Google home after update. Click on Google home app. Click 3 lines on top right for settings. Click on home control. Under devices look at Phillips hue. Click on light or lamp. Click on ROOM. Scroll down to CUSTOM ROOM. Type in room name. And click OK. That should do it. Ask your Google assistant to turn on or off lights.
The recent update made the motion sensor even more useless because of the max of 3 rooms. What a money grab
b'Great with Philips hue ?? you might wanna consider making topbar green when when connected to home and red when outside of home. Sometimes I need to wait for connect, and I press the light without action ?? just a thought ??.'
App keeps crashing everytime I go to reconnect to the hue bridge.
I can't get it to connect to my Hue account at all. The app sees my bridge but when I try to connect to my account it fails every time .
Decent enough. Could use the ability to have more time zones at least 4; for motion sensors so you can have a morning, afternoon, evening and night with different light. Hopefully this will be on the next update.
This apps makes such a great device basically useless, it keeps telling me i need to check if my device is connected to the internet when I obviously am, i can't ass my hue account, hue labs or anything, not even update my bulbs, this is complete garbage
Works with Alexa, but the app itself doesn't work very well with the lights - unreacable most of the time.
Solid app. Needs a little work in regards to the Google Assistant integration, but that might be Google's problem. Overall it's alright.
Worked great until I got an update for the lights. Now I can't control lamp 4 with voice control. It take any commands for lamp 4 and applies to all lights. Trying to turn off lamp 3 turns both lamp 3 and 4 off. Again they worked great until the update.
Worst thing ever. I CAN NOT link my account to bridge.
They have earned the 5 stars. They have fixed all issues identified and matured the app to provide alot of agility.
Failing to show formula's in the andriod app since update..... Resolve this ASAP as I cannot use my formulas
New update enabled hue entertainment but there are no partners. Where's the Xbox One support mentioned a few months ago?
It couldn't find the bridge at all. Either the bridge is busted or the app has a problem. Either way the app was not very helpful with troubleshooting.
App not able to find the light bulb after several attempts even though the light is on. Doesn't work!
Horrible functionality, troubleshooted multiple times before giving up and returning this $90 junk.
Outdated app for such expensive nice lights. Disappointing.
Newest entertainment update is messed with my setup. Can't control lights since the latest update
Can not get my Hue to connect to the internet
Each additional partnership makes these so much more useful and now I can synch them with all my Razer gear you guys made a dream come true. Thank you!!!!!
I downloaded the app to my kindle and it won't connect to the bridge. Trying to get in touch with customer support but not getting a response.
It used to work perfectly. However now can't even lower or increase the brightness levels.
I can not work it. I do not no how to connect the Wi-Fi. And what is a Wi-Fi router.
It won't let me update the app. I've been trying for around 5 months now and I still cannot update the app.
An insanly simple feature is missing! Ability to add shortcuts to home page NOT widgets, shortcuts! Cus that will allow for automation apps to turn lights off and on please add that!
Pretty easy to use and feature rich, though, the home/away localisation feature should take into account also the other members of the family that have the app.
Bring back the dimmer option. This app is useless.
Looks good and works as intended. Got better after the central servers got stabalized after the last update
Was good but now App says offline or takes ages to connect.
Update process does not always work and slow.
Not able to customize wake up colors
Limited functionality compared to alternatives and clunky interface.
Dimmer switches randomly no longer reachable.
Decent app, but sometimes it will say that lights are on when they're off and so on, or it will say we are in an "Away from Home" connection when we are on the same network.
The application no longer works for Google Pixel 2. Versions before worked great with some issues.
Super awesome, love it. I wish they incorporated the color change mode in their own app though.
Absolutely love it! Quick setup, all lights are synced to the milisecond. Love how easy it is for 3rd party apps to connect.
I have to reset my phone each time in order to use this app. It never has a connection.
by far the best Hue app. easy to launch, and operate light settings with a "tap" and brightness with a "slide". WILL be main app to control lights
I constantly have to sync my phone with the bridge. It's hard to like an app when you have to constantly sync everything.
This app definitely needs a remember function and why can't I turn my lights off when a routine is running?
I have echo plus ( it has hue bridge) This app doesn't detect it.
Great does exactly what I want no problems. And setting up widgets makes it even better
For some reason my philips hue bulbs wont update to the latest firmware update
App says offline when online after update
does exactly what it says it does. quick response between app and lights. why does this have such a low rating? this is great!
Excellent controls and features over lights and accessories. Easy to setup and simple to use. Well done Philips
Very limited, no grouping, entertainment feature is stupid
The widget works perfectly now but some of my routines turn off randomly?
Can't set icons for my widget buttons anymore
Basically gets you acquainted with Hue and it's potential.
Takes time for change to effect. Should be faster that that.
Super easy to set up and use. I love the visual design of the app too.
I wish everything was in one app.
It's good, some advanced features are giving by third party apps..
The app is great and let's you do a lot of things with it!!!!
Doesn't even find the bridge!
Simple and clean design. Easy to use and navigate with and works well with Google Home.
Doesn't connect after update. Seriously?
Can Only Use on WiFi
Unable to update firmware
Uses crappy zigbee
Good app. Needs more options some other apps has.
Very nice addition to the house. I wish the price of the bulbs were lower!
Simply the best smart lighting product there is.
Has made great strides from the original launch!!
Works great and has lots of cool features
It's good. No problems at all
Nice graphics, easy interface
Simple and easy to connect with google home.
Buggy buggy buggy
Great up no complaints.
Very easy to use!
Easy to understand and use.
Meh.
Works fine!
Tnks
Good app
Cool Tech
Amazing
Excellent
Amazing
Nice
Thank you very much for the sunset and sunrise features. However, please provide an option for sunrise other than off as I have a hue bulb that automatically turns itself back on bright when it is turned all the way off. It's not the bulb as I've tried multiple hue bulbs in the same socket. I need to be able to set this bulb to something like the nightlight scene at sunrise; unless there is a solution for the underlying issue with the compatibility issue with the socket.
***NOTE*** I originally got the Philips Hue bridge but had no open ports on my router, but I did have a cellular booster which was plugged into the router that did have open ports so I plugged it into it but all the app would do is open, then flip to the second page and begin searching for the bridge, then respond " no new bridge found". That's it, nothing else, it was VERY FRUSTRATING!!! However, I found the problem which is the bridge must be plugged directly into the router, it can't be plugged into something that's plugged into the router with open ports. Once I plugged it directly into the router it worked beautifully.
Well it does what it it supposed to do it could be way better. There are other apps in the Play Store that do more than this app does but it cost money. This app easily could do more. It's simply turns on and off the lights and changes colors of each of the lights. One of the things that it should do that it doesn't is being able to change multiple rooms simultaneously.
Limited functionality in relation to other smart devices those days. Also a lot of bugs (e.g hue hub does not handle correctly DHCP address change. Only manual IP enter works)
I like it, but still lacks You can do a lot with customization, but would like to see more like other apps for the hue colour bulbs. Connection is not the greatest times, sometimes it will show bulbs on or off when they are the opposite. Still need work in my opinion.
It worked great up till a week ago. We have had this system for over a year. Now it cannot find the hub. Uninstalled and reinstalled but still nothing. Can anybody help???
I'm asking, so I hope you're listening. With the sunrise and sunset feature, it would be nice to have the ability to set location manually. Sunrise/Sunset is the first feature you've rolled out that got my attention and, of course, I can't use it. While the utility of manual location should be obvious, and need no special justification, it'd be neat to set location to that of a long distance significant other, or family member, creating a sense of synchronization despite proximity. Also, I've always liked the ability to create scenes from photos. It's a very cool way to set/see unique colors that seem elusive when dragging my finger around the color pallet. Please continue to provide more ways to tune and tweak the image based scenes. Finally, I like the dimmer 'dial' around the scene icon, but it is too easy to miss that leading edge when trying to adjust. I feel that defining the leading edge of the dial with a finger tip sized circle, and matching active digitzer zone, would go a long way in making the app feel more friendly and a little more polished, while significantly improving utility as well. 2 stars for not providing manual location out of the gate, otherwise this app deserves 2.5-3 stars.
The development team should be ashamed of themselves. They turned a great piece of hardware into a gimmick and single handedly set back the entire industry. Thanks
Absolutely unusable. Maybe works 10% of the time. Do not waste your money on these lights. The lights themselves are wonderful, but useless as long as the app is too.
Setup and operation is good but it's missing some useful features: I would like a lamp routine to start at sunset and go off at a specific time. (Kasa can do this) I would the ability to add random switching 'during' a lamp routine to truly mimic presence (like Kasa away mode). Finally, widgets don't seem to work after the latest upgrade. I'm still a fan, and have confidence in the developers. So, chop chop ;-)
Does not work as promised. It used to work; when we first got this we loved it so we invested in more bulbs (they ain't cheap!) We now have them in almost every room, and suddenly the app is glitchy. It takes about four minutes for the app to connect to the bridge every time (EVERY. SINGLE. TIME) I try to adjust a light, so I just give up and use the switch to get the job done. I'm angry. This could be such a powerful lighting feature but instead I have $500 worth of equipment that I'm using like regular light bulbs.
Does not work right for home and away. Will not let me login to Phillips hue account via app thus preventing me from being able to control lights while away and preventing the leaving and coming home setting from working. The app just keeps trying to log in and yes I gave it premission
Works well with the exception of up front forced system updating. Make sure to open the app at least 15 minutes before you want to control any lights so update can complete...
Not straightforward, everything is complicated and there are times when the app just does not do what it has been set up to do. Very expensive for a flaky system
So it works BUT unfortunately I can't have the lights running through a RGB loop like a rainbow or any other colour loop.
I like it but too many updates please stick with 1 update stay with it it take 1 hour to download for 1 light come on get it together.
This app is great for what I want, which is to be able to have the lights go on and off automatically at different times of the day. If you are interested in doing that, use this app, not the one with a similar icon but which has a black background
1500 miles from home and can't adjust, or change, my lights because my bridge needs to be upgraded. Makes the app and the lights useless.
Location awareness isn't working properly. Not turning my lights on when I'm home or turning it off when I leave.
Doesn't remotely turn on and off lights occasionally, but works otherwise with no issues
If you promise to update in december with hue entertaintment and you dont follow through you get a 1 star review . Dont advertise synce with you movies....... .....with third party apps (that suck)
It controls my lights fine, but my phone still has a permanent non-dismissable notification "Philips Hue is trying to reach your lights..."
Nice look and feel, and is improving.
It doesn't connect as it says. I have to close the app and open it again to get it to work.
Its to bright . I want to back to what i had
Can't find the bridge even manually typing the ip.
doesn't link to Google home very well
It works Light effects would be nice though
5* app if the scale is from 1 to 6.1
Needs an Android Wear app
Wish there was more scenes
Iiiiiiiiitttttttssssssssss sooooooo gggggggoooodddddd
Great app however there is still a room for improvement.
Works good, could be better.
Works great like described
The new design is definitely an improvement, but there are still a lot of annoyances. I still resort to using a 3rd party app that has better widgets.
Had to uninstall as it caused to many problems when trying to control through Google Home. Adding the scenes to the Home app do not work. Major rethink required
Remote non lan connection is completely hit and miss. Sometimes it works but most of the time it doesn't. If you wish to control your lights from outside of your personal home network look elsewhere. Complete disappointment and failure. UPDATE Newer updates have addressed my earlier complaints
When you try to change the color it reverts back to whatever color it feels like
Great version of this app. Quick starting and no bridge connections so far. I had to uninstall the old version and install this one instead of updating.
I can't even say if I like it. I get caught in an "Update - Oops, sorry" circle. With alternative apps it kind of works. Not happy! I agree with many other who say wasted money, should have spent it on Osram or others, cheaper... Ah, and yes, my A8 is up to date, so is my network!
I cannot for the life of me figure out why my lights come on AUTOMATICALLY at 6am EACH morning! I have done nothing to the configuration. I installed it exactly how it stated and made no changes. Please provide or explain a fix for this issue.
I wanted to love this app, but the entire hue hardware system lacks stability in less connected situations. I live in a rural area, and mostly just use the app with my cellular data. Unfortunately, a notification what I couldn't clear would pop up saying something like, "hue is trying to connect to your lights" when this happened, I could pretty much watch the battery percentage creep down till dead. I deleted the app and now I don't have battery drain.
Location part hardly work. Lights are suppose to come on when I get home. Sometimes it work and its annoying
Since the update the app is almost perfect, it's just missing one thing that I have been dreading not having. It absolutly needs to be able to merge multiple bulbs into one light fixture. Its really silly turning on any single lamp and having to turn on each bulb individually and adjust them individually. The only way I've found to do this is to make light fixtures into rooms in the app but that's just an incorrect use of features and makes the rooms page look silly when I have seperate rooms and fixtures from rooms in there. The app would be literaly perfect if you just added this last layer of organization.
A hue light bulb came with my echo plus. Amazon found it with out any issues, but I wanted to put the light on schedule. So I downloaded the hue app. No luck since I don't have the bridge (I don't need it) so it a bit worthless.
in the process of having to reinstall everything because it bricked itself being unable to connect and the app does not function unless there's a connection, so there's no way to reset the connection until you uninstall and reinstall and redo everything.
It works but just having this app installed causes my phone to constantly crash and bog down. I'm positive it's this app as uninstalling causes all the problems to go away and reinstalling causes them to come back.
I like the new layout so much better. BUT I wish that the next update will have the rainbow fast and slow effect so that I don't have to use 3rd party app.
Does not even control the lights. The app for my windows phone was awesome and the one from Phillips does not even work. A person would probably have better luck trying to control the bulbs on off and color with their mind, seriously.
Since the last update the app is amazing It does all the important things that I need. Hope hue sync appears on Xbox. That would be nice...
Alexa. And this app are horrible one of the most aggravating things to try to install multiple apps are needed you need to turn on skills with Alexa and she thinks rooms are duplicate all the time it never works as it should and every time there's an update it gets worse
The device is not functional without this app and when I try to install/download it for Android the download never completes. And the device isn't heavy enough to be a door stop.
Idk if it's a Google issue or Phillips issue, but suddenly my Google home can't recognize "turn on my lights" no issues with that phrase until a week or 2 ago. Now I have to specify the room.
I constantly have to reset the bridge and setup everything up again. Giant waste of my time.
Bought a hue starters pack and installed this app. Connecting to the bridge took less than a second and all 3 lights were detected. Everything works great on my 3 year old HTC M8 and my g/f her Galaxy Note 4. Love it!!!
This app needs some work it crashes all the time since the update to V3.0. Also still can not add lights to more than one room at a time.
Have the 2nd gen hue bridge but can't connect to it starting this week. Sad thing is I can connect to the bridge on the gen 1 app and 3rd party apps.
I can't get it to install. It goes to 41% and just hangs there. I have cleared my cache and rebooted my phone, it still stops at 41%.
Completely broke connectivity to my hub and made it impossible to control lights even on local connection.
Unbelievable slow connection, considering I pay more per lamp than for my HD LED Projector
Everytime I try to download it, it freezes up and stops. Across multiple devices, in multiple locations. Something is wrong with this
It was good when it worked but now it won't connect bridge even when I enter the IP??? It's great to have visually beautiful app which doesn't work... well done, guys!
I cannot get it to download it get o To 41% and then stops downloading
Horrible app. Rarely connects away from home. And when it does it's slow as dog$#!t.
This App is Okay. The Only Thing Wrong With it is Because it's Laggy
New UI is incredibly easy to use, and very intuitive. You can now even see your previous set colors, and apply them to other rooms, making it very streamlined
Third class company ,,third class product and discussting service ...complaint raised 1 month still not respond not get single feedback call as well ,request to all people not purchuse Philips product
All of my custom scenes have disappeared after the update!
Doesn't work with alexa. Junk, save your money! Very disappointed!!! Dumb lights of the year award. The app doesn't communicate with alexa very well.
Updates disconnect bridge all the time which never reconnects easily
Just lost the dimming features after the last update.
Still can't login for out of home control, and that unicorn time it does login, when I leave the house it says not logged in, then proceeds to not login again
Just doesn't work st all
I love it but they should add it so you can play music from the app instead of downloading another app
The app wouldn't add my bridge to my online account. I returned the bridge and am looking for another product.
I personally like version 1.14 much better. This new version doesn't seem to have the same features.
Taking too long to install
Unable to update my bridge
It was easy to set up and easier to use but the bulbs are expensive
It looks prettier, but I don't have any new scenes as advertised.
It is great cos you don't have to get up if you want to change the lights
Not sure why it gets bad reviews... It works great, looks great, and has a bunch of useful features on its own!
It only works on home wifi network
Version 3.0 is indeed a better design than the previous one. Gotta see how better the connection speed is in 3.0.
Cannot connect to the bridge at all
Why I cannot install the app on Philips Android TV ???
Yes, this update is very, very good. Congratulations on this one. You should work on widgets now.
Won't download past 41%
App continuously runs in the background for no apparent reason.
Best camera look like a real blur camera
Horrid... useless...
Works awesome love the scenes and timer
b'finally ??'
Finally good UI and design
Easy to use interface.
It's a good app
I love. Itt
Hue
Noice
It's amazing
Good apps
I is cool
Amazing
Good