Pathetic,unable to connect to my Samsung smart TV.It stucks after 34%.No response from customer care
Worst app. Not working
For the most part this app does exactly that. It does drain battery, as it stays running as a system process on our Samsung phones. You can turn off notifications but unless you forcefully close the app, not just let task manager do it. It stays running. I hope for some more Integration with our devices, like being able to change basic settings between both devices.
Useful app especially for those smart connected homes. One huge disappointment is that in order for smart things to support my ~$500 investment in smart lighting with Philips hue I essentially need to buy a hub for my hub. Yes, I cannot use my hub alone, it requires the smart bridge to connect to my existing hub... I think samsung can put forth some integration for their technoloy partners here
They have added some new appliances since my last review, so I'm updating my review. The app and thought behind everything is pretty good. I still cannot connect my wall oven as it isnt a supported device (despite being sold and advertised as wifi controlled. When I called in about it, I was told it was in the prior app to this one and it should be added soon - but it has been 4-5 months so soon isnt exactly soon. Still wish there were some more controls for several devices (such as being able to turn on machines not just control them if they are turned on already). Also in some of the most recent updates, I lost notifications to my phone and TV when laundry or dishes are done. Not sure if this later part is a setting issue with my phone (but I've clicked everything in the app itself that I could see).
They renamed this app to SmartThings, but this is no replacement for the Smarthings Classic app. Missing several features (text notifications?), presence doesn't seem to work correctly, app occasionally does no show correct device status (for example, says light is on when it is off). However, this app does work perfectly with my Samsung tv. I see it could potentially be 5 starts if they can get the issues worked out.
Updated Review. The new app is getting better. On a Google pixel 2 and I cannot download device controllers. I will receive an error every time I try to download a controller. Would love to see widgets to run execute automations from my phone home screen like the classic app has.
Still doesn't work on devices I want it for. Samsung soundbar Hw-j range Are Bluetooth only but as it's connected to the TV I'd like to be able to use smart things rather then have to open Samsung audio remote app as well. Shouldn't all Samsung devices be priority instead of Bose products .
The app has constant registering a device that is already registered in my account. When trying to add device. App always freezes, and crashes. Worse part is Every time it crashes and gives me the option to send report, it crashes. I personally believe this app is giving a bad reputation of Samsung organizational structure and business brand. This app should never be presented to public without proper QA testing. Please remove or address to maintain customer satisfaction and loyalty
Since the update there is a problem with reporting issues. I have been unable to connect my Samsung Powerbot Pro SR10M7030WW. It comes up as a detectable device but always stops at 44% when connecting stating a permissions error. Samsung Q9 tv connected fine.
The app is helpful when your remote decides to lose the sync from your samsung ks8000. And the replacement cost for the remote is a whopping $200 Canadian dollars! Wish samsung would help customers that spend over 2K with free replacements. Over all I find this app helpful. Not as convenient as the actual remote it self!
More Samsung bloatware, waste of time and disruptive to the phone. Tony, thanks for the reply. While Samsung keep loading more and more bloatware, the more I tell others to stay away from Samsung phones and to buy other brands. I only have a Samsung as it's a work phone supplied by my employer and used strictly for business. It will be replaced soon and I will make sure I get another brand.
Didn't really use the app until I started using SmartThings products, connected easily, sockets and sensors etc were easy to set up. Would like some more support for non Samsung smart home products but otherwise works well and thankfully works well with Google Home/Assistant
Downloaded this for my new TV. My phone fails to download the device controller and it appears the issue is that I'm running Android Pie (9). You'd think a company like Samsung would be on top of updates for the newest Android software, but I guess not.
I am not sure if Samsung is doing this intentionally, but I don't think you could write code any worse if it wasn't intentional. This app is a complete joke. The Classic was a much much better app and way more responsive. This app has taken A HUGE step backwards and to the point where I'm likely to throw it away and move to Wink. Pure trash of an app.
Since I've updated to Android Pie on my OnePlus 6 the washing machine my odule just crash every time I try to open my washing machine. Just tried everything. Install app from scratch and adding againg the washing machine. For my 3 air conditioner they still work fine in Android Phone. Please fix this
Great app but please add the function to see headphone battery percentage from the notification area. At the moment I have to go into the app to check and it doesn't show percentage, it just says "battery very high". I don't want to bring in a competitor's name here but the fruit company does this very well, surely Samsung can match this or even do better
Edit: no response ever from support, still having the same error. After update, tells me to install additional controller to use more features for robot vacuum, but keeps coming up with error straight away "Couldn't download controller", please fix
Not able to connect to my smart Tv after Andriod Oreo update. My Tv shoes in the list but unable to mirror screens. Tried installing the app from scratch and also factory reset my TV but in vain.Very disappointed.
Sometimes work. Every so often, it asks to update/download controller. It's a hit or miss, whether it can download. When controller can't download, no actions are available. No reason to ask me to check my internet connection or clear cache or something else. Done all of it... and no other app acts up like this.
I don't want this app and very disappointed that I can't uninstall it. It fails constantly, I keep seeing "the app keeps stopping" notices and then locks up my phone. Please add an uninstall option immediately.
I have absolutely no need for the stated uses for this App... I can't uninstall nor disable it... It has A HUGE LIST OF PERMISSIONS FOR ABOUT EVERY THING IN THIS TABLET.... Therefore I have to assume that it has some nefarious purpose that it is HIDING... cause I have absolutely no need for this App... It takes a lot lot of memory megs, uses the battery up, and there is no way to either suspend it nor uninstall it.... I wonder how much information it steals and transfer to Samsung for sale to everyone who will pay for it.... Needless to say, it is the first Samsung product I bought.. And the last one.
DO NOT want this App and feel like I should be able to disable it without it showing back up in playstore waiting to be updated. This is a Galaxy Tablet S2 and will never CONTROL ANYTHING IN MY HOME except my frustration with this App.
Unfortunately the app stopped connecting to my Powerbot vr10m703pwg. Had it serviced - wifi adapter was replaced and the app still refuses to even see it. Re-installed it too many times to count, tried different phones - even one Samsung and nothing. I followed the instructions to the letter and had to admit defeat.
I wanted to use smartthings, but with all the very intrusive permissions like all access to contacts and files on the device to identify user information. Why? Do less with these intrusive permissions and maybe you'll have more users and a good rated app. I really like Samsung but this...
This came pre-installed, I uninstalled it. Bought a Samsung tv thought I'd give this a try. Was shocked to see how intrusive and snoopy this app is. Contacts, location, storage, camera, microphone I'd and call information, browser history and more?? Disgusting.
Having to constantly set things up again, because everything suddenly stops working, makes this app, the entire smartthings platform and samsung entire connected device line utterly unusable. Never buy a samsung product, practically anything else is better
Still using the classic app. This newer app needs a lot of work, e.g. sorting groups and devices by type and name. Also, why can't the device list have a compact view where I can see more? I could go on and on but the devs probably already know most of this. Just fix what you know needs fixing guys.
Might not always be easy to use but once you get into it, you will find out how much fun you can have getting things to work. And how much you really didn't know was possible. I find that I have learned a lot and wish I had more time to play with it.
CANNOT UNINSTALL. BLOATWARE. EVEN AFTER DISABLED. MOST ANNOYING APP ON GOOGLE PLAYSTORE. MOST ANNOYING SAMSUNG APP. I DON'T NEED THIS. I DON'T WANT THIS RUBBISH. I DON'T USE SMART TV OR SMART THINGS. hate it. bloat app. don't use
One of those SAMSUNG apps that I have no intentions to use and yet, it can't be removed. Absolutely pointless of space and energy. At least for me. Maybe others see value in it but I DO NOT. Please let me make my own choice and let me remove it from my phone!
Many devices I use are not supported. The ones supported have limited functionality. It has great potential, but not sure if Samsung will be willing to pay others to write the integration to devices so it is more useful.
Won't work with new Samsung oven. Saying downloading controller but doesn't work. Contacted Dev team. This is expected to be fixed next month. We will see
b"I seem to need this to have my Galaxy work right when plugged into a computer. Also can't be uninstaller. Samsung have made worse apps, but that's not really saying much right ????"
Does not connect. Won't allow me to send a crash report. Sits loading while trying to connect to hub. Thought hub was bad. Nope, app is bad. Had to use old app to set up my house. Edit : I've tried using the email function. Says it can not send report and to try again later. Old app works fine. New one, noticed one bit...
Useless as no longer able to mirror onto Samsung smart 3d tv. What was wrong with smart share or at least leave both types if functions working. Still not addressed comparability with older Samsung smart Tv's!!!
Phone has a System update and this app forces itself to Install itself. Usually drains battery, don't need it or use it. Also there is over 21,000 one star Reviews and about 48,000 five star reviews. If this app is suppose to help Samsungs then why so many negative reviews??
When I try to access the remote controls for my smart tv, an error pops up saying "Couldn't download controller". Please fix this, I have a one plus 6 running Android 9.0. My LG G4 running Android 6.0 does not encounter this error.
To let you see in control a lot of things that are connected. I would like to see or have the ability to put things in groups or find ways to have messages sent directly to you when something is either happening or being recorded. If there is a way I have not found it
I have one Samsung 'thing', my phone, so this app is totally useless. Could you at least give people the option to disable or delete the app?
Can't sign into my Samsung account to anymore to use the app. Keeps bringing me to a page saying to download and set Samsung internet as default browser which still won't work. Appears to affect Huawei and Honor devices.
Trying to open the tv from both my galaxy watch and the top draw bar is not working. The only solution is to enter the app itself. Funny thing is that it works to shut it off from both sides
App worked fine for a while, but there's a weird bug in the last update. My Note 8 is on wifi, and I'm listening to music through my Bluetooth headphones, but if I disconnect the phone from wifi, SmartThings switches the output to my phone's speaker. Please fix!!
Great app connects to my Samsung TV and mi box. It will actually turn my TV off but it want turn my TV on. Samsung did an update to the TV where Google Assistant doesn't have permission to turn the TV on. Bixby cant do it either. Called Samsung and it was a waste of time. To screen mirror its great.
The old smart tv app worked better with connecting to my tv. This only works about 50% of the time. Also connecting to older smart TVs seems impossible now. Used to be able to connect to my smart tv that i bought last year without issue, now it acts like it's not even there.
Infinite loop when adding device. App crashes when network state changes, and adding a new device (in this case, a cooktop) cycles phone WiFi for some reason. So add device, cycle WiFi, crash. Repeat as many times as you like until you are yelling at your stove like a crazy person. Who even needs a WiFi cooktop anyway? This app sucks my will to live.
Hmm. How can I change date format to UK? Why is it so hard to see the events for a device e.g. when a door sensor was opened and closed? Lost a lot of what was good about classic app.
Please fix the bug that saying the tv is off. I can watch tv on phone but I cannot use the remote. Very annoying issue. L.E. thanks, now its ok!
Smart home monitor does not change state based on user location. Arming has to be done manually - seems they are forcing the partnership with ADT, this is a huge loss. Massive removal of automation.
Attached this to my dog's collar and it works great most of the time. Occasionally shows position way off, but corrects itself on the next ping. Battery life not great, but charges pretty quickly. Overall a great product.
Brand new Samsung TV, created account, everybody on same wifi, can turn TV on off from app. It offers to download "controller" to do more with TV. "Can't download controller" repeatedly. Forum is filled with people with same problem on Pixel devices running Android P. No response from Samsung, even when sending feedback. Tried to set up sensors from ADT hub that came with TV, can't register any, either through QR code, or manual code entry. So basically you can use this app to turn your TV on and off.
Is great when it works. Keeps telling me I can't control my smart TV when it's off and of course the TV is actually on the whole time. I have to keep uninstalling the app and downloading it again.
Works great with my Samsung TV as long as it is already turned on. Sometimes it has difficulty powering the TV on. It does not work with my Samsung Sound Bar though, which makes the volume control inoperable.
As of 9/21/2018, still doesn't work on Android 9. "Couldn't download device controller. Try again" appears whenever I try to control my Samsung TV. Contacted support multiple times and none of their fixes helped.
Why is there no smart lock support? I can't create codes for a regular Yale lock! I should have gotten the Nest lock because that is supported in the main app!
Junk! I don't use it but can't uninstall it. And now it wants insane permissions, like camera and microphone..? Just go away! Also, now I read a lot of bad reviews from people acctually using it. Bäh!
For the majority it is good however, there times when it plays up and does not wish to connect to my tv. This can be problematic however, 6 times out of 10 it works.
Works great, but doesn't have much range. I often get disconnected when I'm more that 15 feet from the TV. Love the ability to silence the TV and play the audio thru ear buds on phone when my spouse is sleeping next to me. Also can display video/ audio/ pictures from phone to TV screen. I would give a five star rating if the ranger was better
I have no use for this app so whilst it most likely is fine, I have no compatable devices to connect with as own zero wifi compatable gadgets or Samsung devices except this one. I like to remove as not using but cannot.
I tried for more than 1hr to connect my washer dryer, I've tried all solutions provided in the forums, couldn't make this app to connect my washer and dryer. There should be an easy connection setup process. I couldn't make my devices hooked up to smart things even though paid top dollars, so basically this app really sucks. I won't recommend anyone spending too much money for Samsung devices thinking they have all these fancy smart features, it's useless and frustrating when you pay money and can't make it work
The app is really nicely made and very well presented. The only thing that stopped me giving it a 5 star is that frame rate lags often while consuming content it's not much but you can clearly make it out.
The UI looks a lot cleaner but missing some basic features from classic app. For home security there is no way to automatically arm security system when everyone leaves the house.
After updating to Android 9.0 this app keeps telling my I need to download more content to use to control the device. I try to down load and it will say can't download please try again. That's all it does now. After new update when I touch the fridge the app closes
I think it's a good idea but poor implementation. Google chromecast works much better without the connection issues with youtube in particular. It may be an issue with the Samsung s9. I'm not sure but I'm a bit let down.
I love this app, it is so useful, I use it every day. But I will give it a 5 star rating if Samsung can tell me how to play my Samsung Series 9 UHDTv on my phone and let the sound come from my Bluetooth headphones Wich are also by Samsung.
Makes it super easy to change out bluetooth devices. Everything is bluetooth these days so I'm constantly swapping between devices. Few minor annoyances but a solid app.
A used to work perfectly and stream to my TV they didn't update and now it no longer works at all it recognizes my TV but will not connect. Very disappointed.
Very slow app. Takes ages to connect to my washer, sometimes will not connect at all and I need to delete and re-add the washer. When it works it is great.
Disappointing. I just wanted to use it as a tv controller which it dose do it to a certain extent but only if the tv is already on. My device is supported and on should have this function. Really disappointed since i paid over 2000 on the tv and phone. When my tv is turned on the app actually works really good i can control all functions but when it's not i can't do a thing. I will just have to go back using the peel app (And look into getting a Sony tv) which is a shame since if the bugs could be worked out here the app has great potential. Please update the app so people can also turn on a device.
i spent about 5 hours on the phone with 2 techs yesterday. and Samsung smart things agreed to a 215pm Call back then failed to call me, leaving me to sit in a queue a second time. so, no Samsung, ill leave a bad review until you look at your database of complaints and fix the issue. everytime something breaks with this integration it take weeks
This app is getting better over time and I think there are many smart people behind it. New functionalities come up every fortnight. I'm good with it.
This is worse than the legacy app. Notifications don't really work reliably. No fingerprint authorization. No scheduling capability. Phone detection doesn't seem to work. This is a step backwards. I've gone to the legacy app
Constantly sending data even though I do not use this app or any other Samsung devices. Cant disable or remove. Force stop and it just restarts. Useless.
Isn't consistent. Sometimes my garage opens, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes motion sensors work, sometimes they don't. Preferred the old smart things classic.
couldnt give 6 stars. never seems to fail, you've outdone yourself yet again Samsung. for being user friendly, easy to comprehend, and up to date. 5 thumbs up.
Got this to control my home that has, Philips Hue, Nanoleaf, Broadlink Hub, NEST, LifX, Chamberlain MYQ, Sony TV, WeMo, Nvidia Shield, Hunter Douglas Blinds, Xbox etc... Annnnnnd it works with MAYBE 8% of those. Can't believe I had such high hopes, for such little support. Definitely disappointed and will be returning it tomorrow and will not recommend this to my clients until I see some huge improvements. I'm surprised this app/device have a 3.7 Star Rating. Sad day at my smart home. #FirstWorldProblems :/
I cannot install controller for my tv. Samsung verified that it doesn't work on updated Pixel 2 with Android Pie. It's been a few months now, with at least one update and no resolution
Took three days for Samsung support to correct the error on my account but once that was done the hub was able to be set and now functions perfectly.
Life saver. Lost my control and this has made things east.
Device controller download for robotic vacuum STILL doesn't work on Android Pie, even after the recent app updates.
Loving the new app. Took a while to appreciate the changes but I have become used to it now, although I am now having issues downloading device controllers since updating to Android v9.
Maybe it works okay for new users? But as a long time user of the previous version with many dozens of devices and automation routines, the fact that only a few devices show up is a deal killer. It has been years of adding devices and routines and the thought of having to reproduce everything is not a pleasant one.
I never bothered with these type of app, so i gave it ago n with bixby, i started to get a feel of what you can do within app an awesome, you learn to control ya mobile just by simple commands n do same on your playstation etc, Cool, instrad of typing for answers on the net, you can have your very own conversation with bixby.
Bloatware. I'm sick of Samsung and apple pushing their fricking bloatware. GET IT OUT OF MY PHONE!
Works really well. A little lag here and there but I'm not one to complain. Motly use it for streaming netflix and the like through a projector. Connection to TVs works well too.
It's perfect for any use of Bluetooth devices or other devices that can wirelessly connect to your phone. I paired my wireless head phones and my wireless earbuds to it. Not mention I can connect it to my Blu-ray player in the living room which isn't even a Samsung it's by Sony. I also love the Smart things panel. It allows me to easly connect to my devices and see which devices are connected. It also allows me to turn on smart view and select my audio out put device or disconnect from any of my devices without having to open the app. Overall I think that Samsung did a good job when creating this app. I hope to see more apps with amount of functionality and ease of use in future.
Wish you could increase and decrease volume and mimic all remote buttons with commands. If that works it would get more stars
Phone presence doesn't work most of the time. Forced integration of all paired Bluetooth devices on my phone (eg car, fit bit, etc that have nothing to do with the app). Love my smartthings hub, but this app makes it worthless.
app would be much better if there was a Simple way to do some form of voice message. Alexa devices would be great. there are some cludges out, but no standard way of doing it
My 2016 model 4K SUHD Samsung TV no longer supported. I will never ever buy Samsung TV
Asking for to many permissions and can't be deleted. Most of Samsung app's ask for things I don't want!
Always gives me updates immediately, amazing with my Gear s3 Frontier. Always keeps me up to date and makes checking notifications extremely subtle while having conversations to avoid looking rude.
One thing I love about that app is that you can easily switch between a speaker and your device. It doesn't have much support for smart devices so Google home would work better.
SmartThings classic is the place to be, I installed this app to get the latest update, however to sign in the device wanted a default browser to be Samsung, chrome etc I am using Edge. I change the defaults to Samsung and chrome etc but I am unable to log in. It appears the replacement is a waste of time. I will keep with the old app until it retires and hopefully someone will fix these bugs. Same issue months later on new and old app, such a waste
b"Easy to set up and connecting new devices how ever with window and door alarms, motion detection there is a delay on the notification sent to my phone, I had to actually open up the application after being in the house for approx 3minutes and still waited a few seconds before the alarm notification sounded. What would have happened if this was the carbon monoxide or fire alarm ?? I'd hate to wonder. Was looking to buy more equipment for around the rest of the house but I'll think I will wait until this issue is fixed. Also needs the option to allow it's own notification sound or tone."
Stop making me download this garbage app. Keeps creaking even though I "uninstalled"it with the button on this page. Liars.
I don't want this app. It keeps pestering me with update notifications and I haven't found a way to uninstall it
Why does Samsung force their garbage software? They would have a much better product with stock android.
Trying without success to uninstall/ remove as it keeps randomly popping up on my phone ..very annoying
I don't need this app! Don't have a smart home. It's a hacker's dream, Samsung. Why force it on us?
b'Please add the ability to remove a connected device (light bulb for instance). Had to install the Smartthings (classic) app to fix a bulb that became unresponsive. ??\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x82\xef\xb8\x8f'
Bloatware, can't be un-installed, requires tons of permission to read everything I do in the phone
Once Bixby gets full control of this app so i can turn on my tv with just voice. Life is gunna be realllll good
Love to automate things. Could do with more features from the old app bringing over like individual device history.
Worst app, i bought a new Samsung tv and installed the app but this app never gets connected to the tv, never expected this from samsung
Bloatware on Samsung that I can't remove without rooting and jumping thru flaming hoops.
love it the hub runs everything and my google home mini links to it also so I can say hey google hey bigsby . also can control my devices from the app when I am away from the house. I like the fact when I loose power and I am away it notifies you that it is offline handy so i know when the power goes out and I'm away.
Very easy to use app. I mostly use it for tv remote. Made our life easy. Now I will always buy samsung product as they seamlessly connect to each other..
Bloatware, cant uninstall it, continues to show up in update list even after disabling it.
User interface could be smoother, app can be slow and non responsive at times other than that I love the design and layout and the near flawless integration of my samsung tv . Looking forward to adding more Samsung smart products to further test authenticity
This is a great app to control multiple devices at home using your smartphone. The user interface is easy. There is certainly room for further developing the app to increase app responsiveness and reduce lag.
Pretty nice utility. Would be nice if it remember how you had things set when it reconnects to Bluetooth. If your periodically disconnecting and reconnecting to a Bluetooth device it will keep switching you off phone audio when it connects
I can not uninstall or disable this app. I do not want it taking up space or using any part of my phone.
Very limited customization now. No supported pathway to pull in SmartApps?! No built in way to watch for left it open? Aaaaargh!
God damn spyware. Caught this app spying on me and my wife in bed
Works well for me most of the time, sometimes it gets glitchy but only after extended usage, like a couple of hours, just disconnect and reconnect and all good again.
I like the app 4 stars because I want to have the option for three different separate app sound and I want to be able to select two bluetooth speakers to play my music to. I want whatsapp to play on my phone speaker, waze instructions on my car bluetooth and play music to two separate bluetooth devices for my kids in the back seat; all from just my phone. That is powerful!! Make Samsung Galaxy the best phone.
Even since they updated this app ,I haven't been able to connect with any smart tv, but before I could do it,anytime they do updated ,it becomes more and more worse
DON'T WANT AND CAN'T UNINSTALL!! The useless response from Samsung, was just that, USELESS. HOW TO UNINSTALL?????
Simple and Ray to connect... works much better with roku or android apparels and had some issues connecting with Google chrome and some smart TVs. In general it has helped me a lot listening to music and streaming videos to roku.
Flawlessly with my Note 9.. Haven't had one issue and it's very responsive. Awaiting the day for even more features and controls
It's a pretty good app except for the stability issues with broadcasting from my phone to my TV. Sometimes it's a pretty unstable connection. But all in all it's a pretty good app and I like it and use it all the time
It cool works fine with me but something happens with the sound as it goes up and down something related to the phone shifts from state to state .. a reuest it would be nice to have an option to have a screensaver to play when the phone is locked while its connected to tv as use mostly to play music on tv its boring to have the time screen saver all the time
Pretty handy at starting my Samsung robo-vacuum so I don't get yelled at about dog hair on the hardwood floor!
I don't like that videos play automatically on the tv when you want to share, before you had to tap on the tv so it would share.
I didn't use this so I really cannot say anything I have no other smart anything's. :-) accept my four smart kids
I hate that this app is forced on me all of a sudden. Totally sucks!!!
The most recent version of this app has broken the bluetooth link to my Ford SYNC 2010 Explorer. Media connections are now highly unreliable, sending data, but no audio. Phone connection is now also unreliable
Love the fact it notifies me when the refrigerator is left open. Also the handy remote for the television is great when I'm in my couch potato mode and the remote has gone MIA.
Worse than useless: Every single time I connect my headphones to my phone, this app redirects the audio away from them a few minutes later, and gives me no benefit since that's the only bluetooth device I use with my phone.
For the most part pretty good , although would love to be able to put subtitles ( which i've downloaded ) on to the film I am watching if It's a foreign language , plus the ability to alter the screen ratio of the film I am watching would be good as well , but over all pretty good .
Is this app not compatible with the smartthings hub and sensors? I signed in to my Samsung account, but it said no services connected. I have a bunch of "unknown device - disconnected" things in my dashboard. I can't connect even the smartthings hub to this app (it was, and still is, working fine using the classic app).
Way too many permissions required and constant battery drain. I've tried this new version a couple of times now but I'm giving up and going to stick with the Classic app. I suspect at some point though they will force everyone to switch over.
Not as good as the old SmartThings app. This one is slower to load and lacks a lot of historical information that the older app had. Harder to see temperature changes for devices, if at all. Doesn't say when keys arrived. It's just poor.
I knew that Samsung wee moving people off the Classic app so I installed it a while ago. After trying to set up a new Harmony remote that kept failing to connect to Smartthings I went into my classic app and found that the Hub was no longer connected. I checked the new app and my devices, room etc have been set up in the new app. I'd expect some communication from Samsung before they migrate users.
Bought a USB dongle in the VS at Amazon, but when i9 stick it in my nvidia it tells me to install the smartthings software what is impossible because i can not install that on my shield. What a disappointment.
Hi whilst viewing tv to phone smartthings there's a 16cm boarder on the left of phone screen and 6cm on the left please fix this issue is on the s8 plus s9 plus and note 8 thanks
Doesn't work at all on Acer Chromebook Tab 10. Won't connect to my robovac using Nexus 5X or Nexus 9. Called customer service 5 times and all they say is reinstall, reboot and retry. Useless.
The last s8 update screwed it. I had it uninstalled. But now it keeps reinstallin itself without permission. I can use my phone and the connected devices without it perfectly, i dont see its relevance. But the most annoying part is, i turned off everything in its setting, even the updates, but every day i see the download manager regularly download the whole app again and again installjng it every day. My data usage 4 times than usual just since the last samsung update.... Please make it disappear or allow me to turn it off or uninstall the app completly.
Unable to disable or uninstall this app. I do not have any devices to connect so why can't it be deleted???
Would be much better if on the notification panel where the floating bar is, if devices such as a gear watch that you unchecked on this menu followed by the device being disconnected, would continue to show that device and others to allow for quick and easy re connection
Since 09/2018 update we are unable to register our tv to access it through our phones. Please fix whatever bugs you caused with your app
It's super convenient to b able to control my TV from up to 20 miles away. I kid u not, I turned the TV off on my girlfriend while I was at work 20 MILES AWAY the other day just to c if I could. Lol
This app is basically worthless. You really can't do much with it except turn your lights on and off. Not anywhere near as it is full as SmartThings classic. No Security Options. Homepage is not functional.
This app is useless. The Family Hub doesn't work very well with Smartthings. I am not able to upload photos from my phone to the Family Hub. I click on Family Hub and it kicks me out back to Smartthings app. So disappointed in this app.
It worked on my Note 8..but on my new Note 9 it doesn't. When u locate a new device it stops at 34 percent and never finishes the final step.. Now it's just useless
Ever since the app was updated, the TV controller has turned from a "volume up & down" "channel selection" "mouse for webpages" "keyboard to type english and chinese" into just ONE function - which is to allow smartview or not. I'm so disappointed
I can't login to my account. When I click sign in the so tries to load the page in the in-app browser and it says it's not supported. I can't change what so the link opens in. Please help
Fantastic app. Can use like IFFT. Excellent if you own Samsung appliances and TV. Easy to learn and use..I'm using a note 9 and so far it's been flawless on both ends, I.E. Ph and devices....
Ordered three Samgung Smartthing WIFI Hub Model ET-WV525. I have Android Samsung S7 at ver 6.0. Worked for two hours with Samsung support and the final decision is that this model requires andriod ver 8.0. I also ordered hundreds of $$$ of equipment that I now get to return.. Very Bad
Another piece of preinstalled bloatware which cannot be uninstalled or disabled
App detects my 2018 TV but fails to download the controller every time I try. Submitted the issue to customer support that never responded. App is useless to me.
The issue where you had to reset your hub if it already existed fixed. This now let me control stuff from my watch
Whenever you switch wifi networks or leave the range of a wifi network, it switches the audio output from bluetooth to the phone speaker. That's very annoying. Please fix this issue.
Worked very well. I did have some issues, but it was more so with my connected devices than the actual application.
I love the many recent improvements and additions. The only functionality I miss is the ability to arm/disarm the security based on arrivals and departures.
Tried it on my 55" TV, doesn't switch back on once you turn it off with the app power button, having to switch back to TV remote :-(. Also volume doesn't work for tvs paired with sound bar. Nonetheless nice interface
Incompetent developers or project management of the app. Why can't they use runtime permission check? Why the app load up time is so long? Why there's no widget?
Downloaded to connect to my new washing machine and I cannot go past the initial app screen, which asks for signin to my Samsung account. I tried and tried with Chrome, Firefox, Dolphin browsers, all load the same webpage, which forces me to download Samsung Internet. I am not going to download your browser, Samsung, and I am not going to buy your smartphones, I just need to connect to the washing machine... I am raising a claim with Google that you are forcing the use of one app to use another...
I keep getting persistent pop-ups stating that "Smartthings has stopped." I don't have any smart devices and I've never launched the app.
It's not bad if you have a lot of automated Bluetooth systems or Cloud operated Smart Systems I just don't use it that much because I don't have that stuff so that's why the 4-star rating because all I can do is uninstall updates
Buggy. Always get a window to turn on cloud, and when I do it just says failed every time. And I'm using a galaxy tab!
b'Works great! I have the App on my Samsung Galaxy S9, Tab S4, Tab S2, and use it to control, hue lights, kevo lock, wireless speakers, Q7 TV, and much more. As always there is room for improvements but overall a pretty great App ??'
I hate uninstallable pre-installed bloatware.
Update, submitted ticket 5 days ago....support super slow, 1.5 -2 days response time. App still auto logs me out and cant log back in. ST classic I still cant log in at all. If I could take the hub back I would....this is pitiful.
Works well with a door lock I have installed. A little slow to get into, find, and then operate. Needs shortcut buttons.
It drains my battery even when it is on the charger with an overwhelming amount of unwanted and unnecessary ads. There isn't any information on how to uninstall.
Recently bought a 2018 Samsung Smart TV and in the Box told me I had to use this app to set it up this app does not connect to this TV the only thing I can do is turn the power on and off when attempting to download the controller I got an error saying it's unable to and to contact support. No contact from support yet
Won't allow me to sign in. Suggests I install samsungs browser, set it as default (!!) And try again. Trash.
Everything works great. I haven't had anything go wrong.
I like the new app but I miss some of the features of the old one like recent activity being displayed
Not as good as the original app. Why can i not see the people present as in the older app no facility for this at all
Love it! Only thing is if the tv off you can't use this to turn your tv on
Its one of the apps I really love about my s8, it came with my phone but I go back and forth from my sound bar and my headphones and its such a convenient way to mess with my bluetooth and not have to go to settings all the time, plus its a way I can see how I'm doing on battery on some devices
The older version where I could see recent activity on my motion sensor is dearly missed.
Can't do anything with my TV thanks to this app. It errors out of downloading the controller for my 5000$ Samsung TV which is now super limited in functionality as the app is the only way to get the TV setup properly.
Worked great was able to hack into my neighbors wife's smart vibrator when he is at work ! She loves when I take control of her vibrators setting from my house !
It's very useful when it comes to battery percentage , disconnection whenever you want , but if there was a way to know the exact percentage of the device connected it will be way better
There is no support for Philips hue lights in the app even though it is advertised to have this support online. I'm in NZ. Is there any way to get Philips hue added to the available devices here?
Setting up smart things was quick, much better than Wimo for example. Everything actually works! And the system is very performant/responsive.
Really nice and handy app. Instantly connects to the network device and does not give lag in media streaming.
I dont need more samsung apps
Network or server error, constantly displayed in app. Only works as a remote for my tv.
Thanks to the last update the screen sharing option is no longer working. good job guys.
b'Samsung phone plus Samsung TV plus Samsung soundbar = magic (and maybe entirely too much loyalty to Samsung) ??'
Awesome and convenient app, especially comes in handy when my wife or kids lose the actual remote.
Useful way to turn off my Samsung TV with my Samnsung phone... Although a little weird that such a complex app is necessary for such a simple task.
b'Love that I can connect to my blue tooth in the car, home, and at work. It would be my convenient if they would add a widget to toggle connections on and off would be 5 ?? then.'
I read that you need to clean your tv remotes once a month so i sent mine through the washer well whoever wrote that bit of imformation forgot to leave out the fact you wipe it down with a towel so this app has replaced my tv remote and so far my phone is holding up to its monthly runthrough with the washing machine so as far as a great app recomend to anyone
Yes rhis app is ok,adds can be abit annoying but app works well
Use the classic version... works better and looks nicer... this version looks like a 5 year old designed it and duplicates 'things' , much less user friendly
Not compatible with Android 9, won't control my TV after updating.
Can't get past the browser login screen. Successfully logged in on set up and via TV , PC , mobile etc to Samsung A/C. So can't use it.
This is a sharing app between Samsung appliances. I am having fun watching my cell phone content on my smart TV. Loved it especially with all it can do
It keeps saying that the appointment isn't working, I updated it but didn't help.
Solid app, although it wants to allow me to connect to my neighbours tv, which also is a Samsung. I don't have a problem with that but he probably would
App crashes the moment I click on the washing machine.
Only have a vacuum set up on this system but seems to work most of the time. Would like to have the ability to set a more detailed schedule instead of only once per day.
Many say that apple has an amazing ecosystem, but they never mention the outstanding ecosystem that Samsung has created with apps such as smart things.
"Cannot download controller" for my new Samsung TV. Useless application
Doesn't work (can't sign in, website just reloads when I select "AGREE").
I love it so much but if it will be a little smarter it will be better.for example when we use another apps for playing music it will show that app at the top of the screen that we can use it fast
The remote control doesnt work I couldnt add the remote option
At times it switches audio from Bluetooth to phone speakers. Very annoying
The old app had widgets for scenes... why doesn't this one? I want to be able to run a scene from my home screen without having to open the app.
Not as good as Smart Things classic. Cannot look at event history for devices. Missing many feature that exist in the old app.
It's a great feature, when it works! You guys just need to work out the bugs. It always connects to Roku Stick but it skips when watching movies.
All I get is "Couldn't download device controller". This app is useless.
This app/hub is far better than a control 4 unit and others alike.
It keeps kicking me off every 10 minutes or so.
It does what I want, when I want and I haven't had any problems yet.
I don't need this app. I can't uninstall this app. Don't expect all your users to use this app.
Will not connect to washer/dryer. Account issues, location issues, permission issues. Unimpressed.
There bug in samsung j6 infinity I got update of 326mb of 1sept patch the brightness are automatic increase and decrease please give the ota update to fix Thank you
It would be better if once I used the on button to turn on the tv it would recognize the TV was on. Once it is on, I have to use another app that works through wifi.
Generally a good app. Occasionally does funky things. Not always intuitive.
It's very good. My earphones are wireless and it just makes life much easier. I also have a speaker and I can switch seemlessly between them. And yeah it's good.
Sometimes its faulty, I use mirror on my s8 without connecting it with a wifi which is cool.
This app is really useful but it should work as a remote when I use my mobile Hotspot to connect to a smart TV without using Mobile Data
b'I use this app soo much. And its awesome. Great ui and direct access on notification panel. Best smart app EVER!! I love u Samsung \xe2\x9d\xa4'
I can't my smartthings app on my Samsung TV to display my ring doorbell motion videos. It just looks like its loading but no video. Help?
I cant stand it wish I could uninstall it from my phone.
Have to setup the remote over and over. Don't know why it keeps disconnecting.
It always freezes when I try to use my switch
Love the way it manages your TV from your phone. Before you have to think of how you can watch the shows and movies from your phone, but now Samsung made it easy for me.
Use the app a lot. I have routines set up, lock and unlock my door, and soon will also be running my thermostat on it. Convenient, simple to use, and time saving.
Great app and very useful! I would give 5 stars, but I can't change the channel's on remote. Everything other is perfect.
The app is slow 40% of the time and not accurate at time.
This app seriously needs scheduling for vaccum only a few days a week. Why only once or daily? Let the user decide which days they want to schedule vacuuming.
Won't allow me to download the remote for my TV. It says to contact support, which I have tried to no avail. TV model UE49NU7500. Edit to your response: I have tried that to no avail.
floor map deleted by itself, conection problems, it just sucks
The app is useless, it rarely ever work
It doesn't have the capabilities of the original smartthings app
Software hangs after a while. Not much reliable. Pls fix it.
It doesn't work with the hulu app on my TV
Can connect to my computers without wifi. Wish I could with the playstation or tv. Won't let me stream Netflix and some other apps
Garbage app. Should be optional.
I don't have any Samsung smart devices... I hate bloat ware...
Needs some tweaks like access to more options with separate sound settings and what not but it's pretty good.
Does not work with Google pixel 2
I lost the ability to select my cameras to record once my system detected an intrusion. The function is in the classic app but not this updated app.
App will randomly not recognize attached devices
It's gotten better, but you still have a long way to go. Keep up the good work, please!!! It still need work with Bixby, big time.
App works great. I love being able to watch my TV on my phone if I need to leave the room so I don't miss anything.
Will not connect to my Samsung smart tv
Connection with other devices is not very stable :(
In theory it's a great idea. But it's made it to my Bluetooth works only half the time I have to food everything when I go into Bluetooth
Good app only some time problems with connecting with TV and other devices but It might be internet connection reasons.
App crushes without location permission. Bad design.
It mirrorz my phone s8+ to my dell 2 in 1 pc sceeen on win 10 very cleanly uzeing smart view.
I have a TV all I want to do is mirror my phone on my Samsung TV I do not want cloud accounts, I do not want to be forced to change my browser and I do not want to have to go through the internet to do anything!
Great UI- Easy to use. stays out of the way...always available when you need to do quick device swap
You have to play with it in order to figure it out.
This app is more for the people who can afford smart things, so I'm still working on it. Lol
b"?? I'm just using it to turn off/on the lights... But it can do so much more when supported accessories are added."
b"I can't do anything on my phone anymore, constantly get interrupted by ads or whatever your app thinks I should want... ??????????"
The app doesn't support my 2018 model Samsung tv.
Improved GUI but but not the functionality. Doesn't support Samsung cameras.
Easy to use. Nice to be able to watch TV while in the kitchen or gararge!
Happy to see Samsung is showing how much it cares about its customers by creating helpful and user friendly apps to augment our daily lives.
Dont want it and cant disable it
Love using it with my samsung 6 series tv! Great app for smart TVs. And a lot more features for other smart devices!
Hay funciones que no encuentras en el menú y si en la barra de notificaciones, pero en general, muy útil
Was great with Galaxy S5 but doesn't work at all now with S9 ? Wonder why. Had 3 devices connected before.
Doesn't allow the controller for my new TV to be downloaded when running on Android Pie. Would have expected more from Samsung
Im to scared to use it,i dont understand how to use this.
Really sad version of the previous Smartthings app
Something wrong it does not stay connected
It is disruptive I will never use
Should be much easier to use without jumping through hoops practically turning your phone into a Samsung device.
Works great with my Samsung TV. Not only can I use my phone as a remote but I can also use Bixby to control my tv. I can also use it to display what is on my TV onto my phone.
Good app, I can control my TV from the app, wish I can use my mobile keyboard if I want to search for anything in the TV Instead of moving the crosser on the TV keyboard
Movie is getting some time hang I am using Samsung Note 8 and my TV is off MI
I love this app i can control everything in my house connected to wifi so as you can guess it's very easy to use
Annoying intrusive bloatware...
Home page needs to be more about the tv controls/options and less about selling movies/tv shows. That should be its own section.
Really smart app like it alot
After last update of device controller I can't control my AC anymore. Please fix this!
Helps with exactly what I want, getting sound to play on the TV or even audio and video on the TV, and much much more, thank you for this wonderful technology!!!
I like that I can really control my tv with my phone. Now when I tell my kids I'm always watching them and I know what they watch, I mean it.
It works on the way it has to. Easy to use and really convenient. To connect a Samsung Smart TV is only a sec
Works for what I need plus you can search what you wanna watch and bam it will play on your tv
Pretty useless if you dont have the devices but pretty good at managing non Samsung devices
It's ok and pretty much works seamlessly. But I do feel there should be clearer instructions on how it functions.
What can I say? Simply awesome. A whole different hub to manage your phone's connections
It's saying to update and won't
Works as advertised. Use it almost every day and no issues yet. Can't ask for anything other than that!
It has trouble conecting somtimes
Causes Bluetooth to disconnect when WiFi changes
I love the fact that Samsung is always striving to make the user experience better and with feedback from customers they continue to be the very best!!!
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87. \xd8\xaa\xd8\xa8\xd9\x84\xd8\xaa \xd9\x85\xd9\x86 \xd8\xb1\xd9\x88 \xd8\xaa\xd8\xa8\xd8\xaf\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84 \xd8\xa8\xd9\x87 \xdb\x8c\xd9\x87 \xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xd9\x85 \xd9\x87\xd9\x85\xd9\x87 \xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd9\x87 \xda\xa9\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87 \xd8\xaa\xd9\x88 \xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd9\x86\xd9\x87'
Samsung needs to improve the app by adding other devices as well the devices from LG and other brands as well to be more competitive and have competitive advantage over other apps.
Sometimes has difficulty finding devices
Stop auto downloading i dont want this
Features Not as good as the wink hub
It ok but not that great
I can use this app to control my bluetooth devices I connect to my phone! It is very easy to use and I like the display of it.
I love this app. Easy to use. Samsung is kicking it up a notch.
My it keeps switching the audio between my bluetooth headphones and my phone, other than that okay.
I wish you can connect to other devices in the quick menu on your phone instead of having to go to the app
It's great to connect all my devices through my mobile phone. Highly recommend people use this app
More apps I don't want or need but keep showing up and running in the background
Good and very appreciative of developers listening to users... the direction of development appears positive.
Expanding my smart things devices. Seems to be getting more stable with the recent update.
On my side it will the first time using this app so i cant comment much about it
Since the apps update or update to Android 9 the app can't download controller for 7 series TV
This app helps you connect your Samsung devices. It's flawless and smooth. Just tap and connect. Worth the 5 stars.
Por fin un app para mejorar el uso de las cosas conectadas
Great app love that I don't have to go all the way to my Bluetooth settings to disconnect a device
Updated this app and now it wont do anything except open up
It's a neat little hub for all of your tech, especially if you're like me and just hoard bluetooth speakers.
Hope the developer of this app will also consider to introduce samsung set top box controls in the near future.
Samsung Keeps Getting Better And Better....
b"Easy when one has lost the dufler which happens to the best of us if you're really honest with yourself ??"
Not very user-friendly
Asks for too many permissions.
I am missing remote control function in "view TV on device"
It's very good app I like that. But I would like to rename my smart devices for better control.
Pretty good for sorting several of my bluetooth hardware pieces. Would recommend to friends w/Samsung
Why should I provide my email just to connect to a TV? Also, it couldn't connect
First time using this app and nothing works. Not even the bug report to notify them nothing works.
Doesn't work with the Smart things Tracker when the box says it's compatible with Android 9.0...
No need to go to settings... Just pull down the notification bar and adjust to your needs
Junkware. Cease and desist !
b'Getting better but movement sensor stopped working after 3 months??'
I use this app everyday! It has all of my speakers and watch and TV organized in one area!
Kneel before me, as I am the true ruler of this realm
It's very good, it won't let me add a scene. I'm using a super edge.
this app is so good I have all the Samsung products like washing machine and dryer, tv, and fridge
Smart Things is a good way to organize bluetooth connected devices to your phone or tablet.
Day by days it getting better and better..
Sometimes it can get a little funky. But overall It is a great app.
it is not put on my tablet by me wooDnot,use it! and can not take it off or stop it on my Samsung tablets
Like how I can connect to all my Samsung device at home and can access remotely
Use ST for transferring all my data and settings from the S8 to my new S9. Now, that was cool!
Very helpful when I wanna turn up on 7 different bluetooth speakers
I have a Samsung Smart Home in Samsung SmartThings is the best app for it. Even works on my watch a Samsung Gear S3
Bixby wants to open it instead of other apps.
Works well but like everything else needs a smart hub to really use it to it's full potential
Use this app to control my Bluetooth hearing aids and many more items.
Works great so far can't wait to take advantage of the smart home capabilities very soon
Wish that I could transfer Skype, Viber... online video phone talks on my smart TV
Not sure if it is the app or the devices but connecting and registering input to devices could be faster.
I wish I could sensor what was shown on the TV like being able to hide texts or other specified apps
doesn't work, ever.
It makes it easy to close and switch from one phone/tablet to another with your bluetooth accessories.
Love the app because if i misplace the remote i can use my phone or my watch to control it into i locate the remote
It's good to know you can monitor all your smart appliances on a single page!
It's good, haven't really checked the full functionality but syncs just fine
Its the most convenient thing iv came across in along time
Does not work with nest
Not too much help
A must have for anyone that uses a Bluetooth device with their Galaxy.
Sucks. Gas Range wont connect and nobody at Samsung knows how to fix it
The app dose the job and is vary useful when needing to use it around your house office and extra
Love it didn't realize I could make my home a smart home with SmartThings
Sorting capability for sensors is the big missing component. I wish it was possible to sort sensors based on sensor type.
Love it.... such a simple tool to quickly switch between bluetooth devices and stays clean on the notification bar
I love being able to control all of my wifi devices togeather in one app!
Closes out of everything within a few minutes of being connected to my Samsung smart tv.
Little slow but awesome I'd like it to open to a desired tv but it's cool
I wish there was support for adding custom types in the app.
I love messing with my sister turning off the TV from my phone.
U will get features in samsung galxay j6 here
Works very well, just takes forever to send pictures
Fabulous apps. Easy to connect mostly everything. My Tv, car player, speaker and allot more.
Not used. It's use with other Samsung products only
Lost smart tv remote and this app saved the day.
Sometimes it's hard to connect to the TV but other than that it works amazing when it does connect I love it
Doesn't always work
Lost my remote control and can still use my TV.
Something new want's
b"It's always there for me when I need to switch or turn off or on or connect I love it ??"
When u need to update which is a lot... U have to connect again
Would like to see more complex rules allowed, perhaps like a simple and an advanced mode.
Love this app. Its capabilities are like no other. Control appliances while I'm away. Next Step TECHNOLOGY !!!!!!
I simply love this feature. Very easy to connect to my samsung tv in a single touch.
Since latest update not connecting to washing machine
Simple to use and does exactly what I need it to, mirror my phone to my TV screen.
I cant connect to my samsung television what the heck samsung
Cool but sometimes I have issues with my samsung Galaxy 7edge
I wish it would default to my phone speakers.
Must have if you're a fan of the Samsung ecosystem.
b'I like switching off the TV from my bedroom ??'
Good app but has login and connectivity issues.
Unobtrusive and fast, behaves exactly as promised. Very convenient for Bluetooth users.
Can't download controller on OnePlus 6 Android Pie
Need a remote control like last version remote widget
Great for an easy way to switch audio output between bluetooth devices from the notification bar.
It works well for me with my Samsung S9.
Easy to access throigh Smartthings, save several steps to get connect to devices in Bluetooth
does exactly what I want it to do. works great with S9 and Samsung Smart TV
Works great just need more smart things at home lol
Essential tool for quick wifi and blutooth connections. Only spot I fish on the lake
b"Can't use the app for my tv after the update ??"
Thank you Samsung for making human technology.
So far it seems to be meeting my expectations.
Works seamlessly with my note 9. I'm able to stream and control my TV as well.
It wot let me do anything
I cannot connect my range
Doesnt help me connect at all
Works just like tasker, but for samsung
I like watching my phone on my tv
This app makes it easy to set up all of my lights to automate my home.
Does the job when you've lost your remote
Too many permissions.
Its not working i try too many time but zero result useless
The app is cool and helps me to get more our of my smart devices
What is there not to like...we are living in the future
Waiting for the widget to turn on/off scenes
This feature is very useful and practical. If you got it, use it!
Needs to be refined for quicker execution and a companion gear app would be great too!
It does everything I need it to
I want to some New applications
Is this connect with godrj eon AC
Amazing! Makes switching Bluetooth audio devices a really fast and convenient experience
I like it helps me a lot
It works great but oddly the YouTube cast feature doesn't work
SmartThings has made managing my connected devices easier than ever!
b"I don't go a day without using it \xe2\x9d\xa4"
Cannot switch on my TV
Cant connect to the hub all Samsung
Excellent app. I love being able to connect my phone to my smart tv .
Connects to everything and then some!
Always cannot turn on the TV in the morning!!!!
b"Love This App, Great Help For When You're STUCK!!!!!????"
Works great but needs more features ported over from the old app.
Needs more work
Great app, does what its supposed to do. Never have any problems.
b'Very easy to use. Have not had any problems using it to this day. ??'
I can tell this is Smart Home and everything is in your hands. Great!
This app brings my Samsung home together all at my fingertips. Thanks
Smart things is an excellent way to use my smart devices
Works perfect and nice and simple to use
Great app for controlling Bluetooth devices
Any chance of a round icon please?
Works pretty good. Gets a bit confused some times.
I WANT IT DELETED !! UNINSTALLED !!
Always shutting down
It would be 5 stars if you could use it to turn on the tv
Gets THENOOBSUPER what he needs when he needs it.
I love this app it helps me control the devices that are connected to my phone
Works well but needs more services added on order to remain competitive
Very convenient for when i have to switch my bluetooth from phone to bluetooth without having to turn my bluetooth off
Great app for you who uses smart things at home.
Works with my hearing aids.
This is the best app for anyone looking to get into home automation!
Works every time !
Life made easy when you have so many gadgets you're using.
This helps me a lot
Keep on going in the right direction
I like the app. Makes for a great movie night straight from the phone
Does so much
It is a very useful app to manage the smart devices connected to the smartphone.
Keeps crashing phone
More option fill in this app
Its a Samsung app in finally
I am speechless
Like this app so much
It gets the job done
Works as expected - easy way to switch between or add bluetooth devices
the tv remote is not working
Not easy to uninstall
Still dont know
Nothing that i see is useful
The app needs to be streamlined for speed. Other than that it works good
It made it a whole lot easier to connect/disconnect my devices
Good aap need to update more new things
Impossible to uninstall!
There's definitely room for improvement but the Samsung ecosystem is great.
Love it, makes managing Bluetooth gadgets connected much easier.
Love how awesome all Samsung devices work together! Nice and easy!
Works great with multiple devices, especially our Samsung smarttv.
It doesn't finish setup.
Works wonderfully. Please add a widget for easy access to the remote features.
Awsome love it so much better than paying a cable bill
Has taken a bit to see how it works but still happy though
Very easy way to keap devices together and connect to new ones
Need to provide typing option so that easy to search when doing brawosing
Enjoy being able to control and automate many functions of my house
Great so far, hoping it can only get better!
App only works once in a while for controlling your smart devices
Great app love it for every day chores and keeping fit as can be
IT IS THE BESSSST!!!!!!!
I actually love how all of devices gathered in one place to manage
Works well!
It is getting better. When used with the other app it works well.
Works most the time.
Use SCREEN MIRRORING ASSISTANT TO CONNECT TO YOUR SMART TV
Doesn't lead sometime
I like the apps. I have no issue whatsoever configuration the router.
Can't login to the app.
An essential app for smart home aplliance control and monitoring.
Would love to be able to remove devices that no longer feature.
Keeps crashing.
Really useful, hope there will be more apps that support
works ok
I enjoy the flexibility that smart things provide.
How smart is this you ask? It delivered my son.
This is great I can use my phone as a remote.
Fix the bugs!
Need to give battery indicator to Gear watches correctly and Gear Icon X.
b'Never expected this kind of experience. Great combination SAMSUNG ??'
It is a really good app
b'Love it. Can watch what ever i want in my tv. Excellet??'
Not good but better
I love to use this app . Its really very good to use
Not sure what this does, but I know I'm happy with it
Needs more native features to control TVs and Sound systems
This app is pretty awesome once you understand how to use it
Just download it and learn to use it. You won't be sorry
This is really helpful when you have multiple bluetooth devices
Would be great if keyboard can be used in all apps
This app is awesome it makes life so much easier
Sometimes it plays through the phone when i have my headphones connected
Makes life easier connecting blue tooth devices x10
Simple great love that the disconnect button is on home screen access
Great app that allows me to control my smart tv
Simple, light bluetooth device manager for Samsung phones.
It works okay
Need few improvements
Works well for me
Helps me manage
It works when it wants to
Meets my needs
Does what it is supposed to do
Thank you Samsung
The future is here
i like my smartwatch
Work Making smart Things apps cool
Good. Works as it should
IT SUCKES!!!!!!
Pls make the mouse pad workable, tt better.
Makes my life easyerth having everything at the tip of my fingers
Pretty good app. Connect your samsung devices easily.
To much to say.. Good app though many uses!!
Is not bad, the integration with Alexa is great though
Love this app. Controls the TV when the remote cant be found
b'Awesome, make me look likes Tony Stark??'
Classic is better. More data and history in prior version
Love this app simple and easy to use, great job
Love this app, casts to the tv and easy to set up
Sometimes it works automatically . But still its ok
Makes using all my devices much easier.
Samsung making things more convenient
A very nice handy app. Good job
Works great and you can navigate it extremely easy
It works well but could be more refined
Good way to manage all your Bluetooth devices
Great app to control my Samsung connected devices
Needs improvement.
thank's for updates
Tbh it pretty use it use and it does what it make it to do beautifully
Yeah. It works.
Does exactly what I wanted and needed it to do.
It's the best thing
Love that you can connect your devices with it.
Makes things quick and easy
It's good for people who own samsung products
This app ACTUALLY makes life easier!!
Its freaking me out it's so good
Like being able to control my audio.
I love this feature, plain and simple!
Its...... ok.. it's hard 2 connect sometimes
Best work with my samsung UE 55MU9002
Good for switching Bluetooth devices all the time
Love how it finds all the devices available to connect to
Great app but needs more features
It's okay
This very good its working correctly
Great stuff love me some Samsung
Its quick and easy to access what I need
Great app that works with Samsung Smart TVs
SIMPLE EASY TO USE AND HANDLE
Makes it easier to switch between Bluetooth devices
Awesome app simplifies my connections and everything
Wonderful app, can't get enough of it.
it's made easy to launch ads by this app.
Great stuff. Allows control of multiple devices.
Best casting app ive found!
I love it, it's very easy to use.
Excellent system for a multi level property.
Is this only work on smart tv?
A pleasant improvement from the classic app.
Loving this control at the palm of my hand.
Connects all my devices easily. Love it.
Easy to use and no issues to date.
Works perfect with samsung 8500 65"
Easy to use with other samsung equipment.
Works quite well for my purposes.
Very simple apps, thats great
Makes sharing items much easier.
I am overall happy with this app.
Recommend app. Smart work process
It's just Fantastic App to use
It works good at my place.
Great app for widening my vocabulary!
Its ok
Does what it's supposed to do, love it.
Getting more simple day after day.
It's a good app so far
Once linked up wonderful app to have...
Great connectivity to my Samsung TV
Works perfectly well with my tv
Made my life so easy.
Great way to change different speakers
Easy to use connects in 2 seconds
It just works the it was designed to work
Works pretty well most of the time
Works perfectly, I love it!
Great to connect to home lights and apps
it is the best way to get to my tv
Works well with samsung smart tv
I enjoy watching my shows
Great app and everything is easy to use
Very awesome app great work
Greatest app since Tik Tok
Easy to switch audio from different devices
Keep smart view on tv fast
Exceeded my expectations. Great functionality.
Push notifications rarely work!
Lifesaver! I love this app
Easy connection, great functionality.
b'It grated ????'
Keep up the great job!
Makes sense
Ossam apps
b'Thanks for making life more better... ????'
So far so good!
A+
I like it
I like it
b'\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa6\xd8\xb9 \xd8\xac\xd8\xaf\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7'
use full
Works well
Works well
I like it
I like it
No thanks
I like it
Thank you
Ok mate
Hello mf
very like
Works sometimes
b'\xd7\x96\xd7\x94 \xd7\x98\xd7\x95\xd7\x91'
I like it
Really gud
Well equipped.
it's useful
Great when it works which is not always.
Wonderful thing to have
Awesome tool to interconnect devices.
It's great when it works properly
Every thing
. .iTs ok
Crashes a lot
It doesn't work properly
You suck
Hate you
Too confusing
This app is 100% great
It's good and easy to use
Easy to set up and use.
Awesome app!! Great job!
Makes me feel better.
It'a very useful app!
It's good so far
Its very helpful!
Easy to use! Love it
So far so good.
Helps in everyday life!
Works but needs some work...
Like it.
Much better than expected
Gr8 app works well
Super useful with the icon X
Make your life easier
Great with switching to multiple devices
Love streaming to other devices
So, easy to use!
Great job God bless
Really good extremely useful
It seems to work well
Great app more convenient
User iberface should be simpler
Great app works perfect
I still feel it out
This is a very good app
Nice to keep devices tidy
This a great innovative design
Its awesome love Samsung
It's Great and convenient .
So far good app
Would like the app in afrikaans
No issues on S8+
Excellent for managing multiple devices
Very good and easy to use
Useful app to connect with devices
Its very good legit
I think is good to use
Love the easy to use and convenientness of it
Great nothing more to say
Lovely and very convenient!!
Excellent. Works every time.
Love it. It is easy to use.
Very convenient! Love it!
A+++
Yes
Simple. Im happy with it
Simple and great to use.
Amazing application, Thanks
Simple to use. Love it
Amazing it's like magic
Pitiful.
Smart and things
It's well integrated
b'Really useful app ??'
Loving the new app.
10/10
Great app. Thanks
It's a great app
It's really cool
I'd good for what I need
very good app.
It's Great!
Good app!
Works great!
It's great!!
Awesome sauce!
Great stuff!
Dope
Ok
Ok
Good thing
very convenient!
Good thing
It is very good
I Love It
Love it all the way
Best app ever
Very excellent connectivity
Great home automation
Works great love it
I love this app
Good 2 use
Very useful app
I love this app
Best app ever
Great app Thanks
Best app ever
Lovely smart app
Love it very help
Very useful and excellent
Overall great app
Easy than Bluetooth
Love you samsung
Work most of the time
Love the tv remote
Its gr8 m8
Best aap for Samsung
Its nice and easy
Works without issues
Very convinient app
I m happy
Not bad at all
Extraordinary behind expectation
Pretty good and straightforward
Note 9 is amazing
Very good app
Super Works Perfect
Useable easily to understand
Perfect app love it
Very convenient!!
So cool to use
Good convenient app
Good like vag
Love the settings and choices
Very nice app
Still trying to learn...
Very useful app
Really love this app
Its all good
This app is amazing
Makes work easy
The best app
Wonderful useful app
Beautiful and working wonders
Well done Samsung
Very good app
Easy to use
Good app i love it...
good very good apk
Thanks
Thanks
Ok
Yes
Super
Nuce
b'\xe0\xa4\x9d\xe0\xa4\x95\xe0\xa4\xbe\xe0\xa4\xb8'
Yes
Yes
Yes
Mast
Hi
Grate
Geet
Dick
it's a great app
Okay
Yes
Ok
Goid
Noice
Yeet
JMJ
Thanks
Huh
Very
Yesh
god
Easy to control.
Ok
Yea
Yep
Like it
Yes
Ok
Wow
Legal
Thanks
Yes
Osm
Ok
Mehhhh
Very good app...
It's the best
Super useful.
Very useful.
V.gud
All's great
Great app.
It's good.
Nice app
Great app
It's good
Good app.
Awesome love it..
Great!
Great!
Thanks love it ^^
Great!
Great!!
Love it!
Love it!
Amazing!
Love it!
Love it !
Love it!!
Great!!!
b'??'
Love it!!!
b'??'
Awesome!!!
very nice
Time saver
Awesome experience
Friendly user
Great app
Great app
Excellent features
Its great
Good app
Very useful
No issues
Very intuitive
Great app
Easy to use
Great app
Nice to work
Good app
Great app
Very nice
Good app
Awesome app
Works good
So good
Amazing app
All good
Great app
Thank u
Amazing app
Helpful and quick
Very nice
Works good
This is easy
Its cool
Clean and easy
Very useful
Works good
No problems
Cool app
V good
Awesome Technology
Good App
Easy to use
Very nice
I love it
very useful
Fantastic app
Excellent quality
Works great
Fantastic App
Easy to use
Great app
Smart lol
The best
Amazing app
So nice
Great app
Great app
Lovely app
nice spp
Simply the best
Great to have
It is better
hella good
Great app
Excelent app
Works great
Great app
So convenient
Best aap
Love ut
Awesome app
Its wonderfull
Easy to use
Great app
Easy to use
Its good
Easy to use
Works great
The best
Great app
Very useful
Good app
Awesome app
Good app
Gr8 experience
Very nice
Good app
Good app
Great app
Fantastic app
Good application
Very useful
Good app
Good app
all good
It is good
Just Smart
veru usefull
Great app
Great app
Great app
Works great
Ultimate app
Easy to use
Works great
Great app
Works great
Works great
Very good
I love it
Very nice
Love this app
Good application
Its cool
Very helpful
Works great
Love this app
Nice app
To good
Really smart
Love it! Love it! Love it!
Its smart...
* EXCELLENT !
g a r b a g e
Bad
Rubbish
Pointless
dank
it's awesome
It's great....
Impressed.
Perfect.
Love it
Sweet.
Good
Love it :)
Nice.
Great ..
Love it...
Excellent
good
Wonderful
Great
Good
Good
Awesome
good
Great
Cool
Great
Awesome
Good
Good
Best
Nice
Good
Awesome
Cool
Awesome
Good
Good
Love it
Great
Awesome
Good
Good
Cool
Love it
Nice
Liked
Great
Perfect
Nice
Great
Excellent
Good
Great
Love it
Love it
Cool
Great
Good
Good
Great
good
Workable
Awesome
Great
Cool
awesome
Useful
Love it
Great
Exellent
Fantastic
Good
Cool
Good
Loved it
nice
Gooood
Good
Good
Great
Useful
Good
Excellent
Great
Awesome
Nice
cool
Good
Great
good
Love it
Perfect
Nice
Love it
Fantastic
Impresive
Good
Excellent
Great
Awesome
Good
Amazing
Great
Great
Superb
Nice
Great
Great
Recommended
Great
Great
Good
Good
Helpful
Good
useful
Awesome
Good
Awesome
Good
AWESOME
Terrific
Love it
Good
Good
Excellent
Cool
Convenient
Good
Good
Good
Excellent
Great
Good
Best
Great
Love it
Satisfactory
cool
Love
Amazing
Good
Great
Sweet as
Cool
Great
Good
Love it
Love it
Good
Cool
Great
Amazing
Great
Great
Great
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Love it
Awesome
Good
Excellent
Great
love it
Loved
Perfect
Good
Good
Love it
Great
Mm
Excellent
Useful
Great
Awesome
Awesome
Good
Fantastic
Great
amazing
Nice
Good.good
b'??????'
I currently use the Samsung J3 (2017) unlocked phone, and the app is not compatible with the device. I was trying to set up my Sound+ bar with Alexa. I had to pull out my old Samsung Galaxy S4, to install this app, just to connect my Sound+ bar to the SmartThings ecosystem and Alexa. Why do I have to pull out an old phone to run the newer apps? Why can't all Samsung phones work? Also, why do I need so many Samsung Apps? Why can't I just use one app? I have one app for my TV, Samsung Smart View. I use another app for my Sound+ bar, Samsung Multi-Room. Now a third app to connect the Sound+ bar to Alexa, SmartThings. Is there a way to make one app that controls all Samsung things? Can the engineers at Samsung get together and decide on one or two protocols when designing the TVs, soundbars, washing machines, refrigerators, etc, so I don't have to have 12 apps? I will not have enough space for everything on the phones. I like a Samsung house, but I have too many apps.
Very limited connectivity - seems based on competition and proprietary deals. For example, there is no connection to Philips Hue and Nest, the leaders in their respective technology. Why? Because they are dominated by the competition, and Samsung wants you to buy their products. I'm actually a big fan of Samsung phones and other products, but when you subscribe to the "Apple" philosophy of "we build it better so you have to buy our products" you're losing customers who just want the best.
App works pretty good, but doesnt address all my concerns. Example I brought all new Samsung appliances and TV. Just so they all can be compatible. The refrigerator, phone, television worked fine. But the washer, and dryer wasn't recognized. And also not compatible to Amazon's alexia. Other than that the kids love it. And I'm a loyal Samsung fan so....
Smartthings makes controlling all of my home automation devices and tools via one interface. Zwave, network, wifi, and zigbee devices all sharing info not to mention all the proprietary devices that work with smartthings. Combines with IFTTT so you can use anything that can trigger an IFTTT if statement. Open development of automations and the ability to apply them directly from github allows the power user to use any device or software they want to use.
FBk2018: The app has been my go to, there... as I said before. But, you packed it (as been the rule lately) into the media economy ecosystem of your brand. Respectfully, I really don't think you need those penny profits. Sadly, a cause that cuts the opportunity of make a lightweight core driven app. Capable of achieving a main board role and with plenty of space to focus, even Ai. Now is iust on the way of another circuit complementary accessorv. Let's see how things take course. 2017 Fbk: Is a useful tool inside the ecosystem, reachable, straightforward, there. The features are ok, please don't pack more stuff. What needs to be done is stability inside the software and among connections, response, compatibility, improve not improvise. Just that, there's my perspective and review. Thanks
People complaining about permissions clearly don't know what this app can do with the appropriate devices. Quit leaving negative reviews over something you can simply deny. Obviously you don't us it to its full potential. Great app samsung I love the space in my notification tab. Works well with my Samsung TV akg headphones, Samsung level speaker, S3 frontier. Easy to know what is connected. I have multiple stereos that also show up. Makes it easy to change the source for audio right in the notification tab.
Lost support for Keen vents and there is no easy way to migrate from V2 hub. Easier to setup, but it took a huge step back in flow as well. I have over 100 devices and there just isn't enough differentiation to make it user friendly.
App is preventing me from connecting my older bluetooth devices. any information about troubleshooting just tell you how Great the App is. I don't thing I should have to call to get support to fix something that was never broken and just because you decided to install it onto my phone. Wish I never installed the update. Update: 5 months later. New phone and still does not connect to my speaker when I want it to. Please quit reminding me to update this crappy app
The app and entire system seems unreliable. Often door open push notifications go to one of the two phones I have connected. No rhyme or reason why. I have never been able to get sms notifications to work at all. This is the new app and new hub. Considering taking down all sensors and returning to bestbuy
When it works it's fine. But after updating the Bluetooth is constantly dropping out when I'm connected in my car. Extremely annoying and wasn't an issue before a few recent updates. The newest update has caused it to drop out every minute or so.
Stop telling people you will forward the feedback to the developers. Until the complaints about not being able to disable or remove the app are addressed, nothing else you say will be trusted. I'm also not going to enable the permissions required to contact you through the app.
So if I could recant my last review I'd like to. Anywho. With any issues of the power button randomly not turning on or off a device it's fixable by deleting said device and allowing the app to find it automatically. Besides that one bug, this app is a life saver if you have a puppy who eats remotes!
Useless. Does not work. I can no longer send anything to the TV, which worked fine before this was installed. Where do I find the simple screen mirroring item, which actually worked?
The only thing is, I wish it did a refresh or update its status more often. Other then that, so far no issues, it does everything I want
An update always breaks something. Most recent one logged me out and stuck at "in progress" while trying to log back in. What use is all my smart devices if I can't control any??
Samsung is the new apple. If your on ANYTHING but a Samsung phone it requires you to download Samsung internet to log in to your Samsung account. That's ridiculous. And then if you have Android 9 on your phone, forget about using this app. Samsung is TERRIBLE about updating to software in a reasonable amount of time. I'm trying to connect my new 7070 vacuum to the app, and because I have a Google pixe 2 running CURRENT software, the app will not connect to the vacuum, it errors out saying can not download controller. Will probably be returning it and getting a iRobot.
Since the up grade I've had nothing but issues. The clasic app worked fine before the upgrade now everything has gone to hell. Tonight it decided to start send us text alerts even when turn off. Ive emailed support with multiple issues with an average responce time of a week or more. This sytem is no longer user friend its unreliable and customer service is lacking
The UI is very clean. But this app lacks the detailed notification that st classic has. Example, I can't see detailed use on my door locks. Who opened it, when, manual unlock vs keypad...etc. This is especially helpful when doors go offline randomly so I can troubleshoot the events that happened around it.
Smarthings hub thing is very useful to have, even if you are not using the Samsung appliances or products. there's a menu that I use all the time that controls the sound output of my phone and for some reason, I use it all the time! it's really helpful to see all of my connected Bluetooth devices. by the way, I'm not paid to write this so ya. trust me.
b'CUSTOM "SOUND" NOTIFICATIONS: please, allow us to add custom "sound" to the app for alerts (intrusions). Now, if I am in a meeting, and my phone need to be in vibration (because i am at a meeting), I can\'t sometimes hear, feel that vibration. So, if something happens at home, I won\'t notice it. With "sounds" notifications (like wake up alarms that overrides sound settings), I don\'t care if I am meeting with the POPE, if there is an intrusion in my house, I want to know ASAP. Please add custom sound (that overwrite vibration/silence). Thanks. ??'
Will not download controller to a powerbot vacuum. Have contacted multiple times to no avail. I expect a fix for a $1000 device. To your reply: As stated previously. I have contacted you multiple times with NO help offered. If it is not sorted out I WILL be asking for a complete refund and I expect it 100%. This is NOT acceptable for a multi billion dollar company and if necessary, I will take further action.
Keeps getting better with every update! Wish they would bring back the ability to add and delete lock codes again. That's my only gripe.
I don't have a single Samsung device other than a phone. This app is useless. And because of this app that CAN'T BE REMOVED OR STOPPED, I will never get anything from Samsung again.
This is beyond ridiculous, the first note I see is that this prog is not suitable for my device - yet it is forced to be installed. I do not want this. It uses scarce resources. Make it so it can be disabled.
90% of my devices do not work after being migrated. I'm tired of getting everything in the house setup perfect then having to rebuilt it. Agahhhhhhh
Smart is generous name. It's a frustrating app with marginally helpful and out dated instructions built in. It can't connect to a ROKU TV with a a S8.
I'm using this app on my Samsung Galaxy S9 (Oreo) for the "art" feature on the Frame TV and it is unfortunately very buggy! It often 1) crashes when opening the app 2) Does not connect to the TV properly and has to be closed and re-opened 3) Other bugs, for example: all my favorite art is suddenly listed under the "purchased'' category although I have not purchased them. Then, next time I open the app, the ''purchased'' category is empty. 4) error messages when trying to preview or set art on the TV. Latest updates do not seem to have corrected any of these bugs.
Didn't even support our 55" Samsung Smart T.V. Guess Samsungs smart T.V.'s aren't so smart. Waste of time.
Since update can no longer view TV on Note 8. Brand new TV qled what seems to be the problem? What seems to be the problem and I don't want I will pass your feedback along as an answer
App works fine. It is a bit lacking as far as letting you set some of the more deeper settings of the router but for most users it works fine. Have had no complaints from users in the house since installing the system and using this app to set it all up. Very useful
I have a lot of unknown devices, but they are fine in the classic version. It shows my one of my leaksmart as disconnected, but it is connected and can be controlled by the classic.
Excellent home automation app. Need to have Samsung home connect and Samsung smartthings sensors to work correctly. They are a bit pricey but has a pretty good range of sensor and equipment that will support it. Needs more sensor support like humidity, universal infra red emitter for remote activation of other legacy products like dehumidifier, fan, aircon, DVD player, etc.
Bloatware. Uninstall updates, then go to phone settings, apps. Click storage, delete all data, then go back, disable app. Error 506 can't install try later.
I think if you don't own all Samsung Electronics you are SOL!! Shouldn't have to be forced to have it installed on your phone!
It's accessability is simplistic and easy to use. And very quick to change sound output on the fly which is amazing especially for my line of work that I've been in since the update.
Don't bother. Once you open this app once it's always in the way, you can delete or disable. Pain in the backside
Still tons of missing functionality from the classic app, and the UX is a hot mess. Individually some nice elements, but not organized well.
Compared to original app, why release a new one that is worse? Example: no delay available on presence automations.
Wanted to use router part of connect home pro but it asks for location and other spyware permissions which it does not need to know.
b'Just bought a dryer and installed this app. Can see it and time left, but if I click on the dryer it closes the app ??.... Hi Chelsea, contacted via the app for assistance last week, no response....'
Never asked for this app. Came preinstalled on my tablet. Never use it yet it is taking up more and more space on my device.
Well, I don't know what you guys do with your Apps, but mine works just fine...maybe because I have all samsung devices, TV x2, Washing machine, speaker system and Refrigerator! I have had to disconnect and connect again but thats just about all the support I have needed.
When the app works, it is great. All my devices where showing as connected. Now for no reason my hub and one of my door sensors show as disconnected. But if I look at the Smartthings classic app, everything is connected and working. How do I fix this.
Big improvement over the original app. Love the integration with Samsung phones and everything in my home. Can't wait to see what they come up with next.
Causing issues with my bluetooth connections, still no option to uninstall!
It worked fine till the last update. I'm using the latest Galaxy A3 with the newest Android Version. Please take the update back or fix it. Then i rate 5 stars again. Thanks
Very good app. But wish it could switch on my samsung tv rather than me manually switching tv on. It switches off tv and all other functions.
This app stopped my phone from connecting to my Google Home Mini. Have disabled it (after tearing.my hair out for a week trying to work out why HM would not work)
The only two thinks I don't like about it is #1, i can't get it to cooperate with the hulu app that came on my TV and #2, I can't get just my hometheart system to hook up to it... please let me know how to fix this. Thanks.
Don't use this. I want to be able to disable it. Uninstalling it just keeps it in the ready to be updated area of play store
b"Doesn't work on my pixel XL for my Samsung washing machine ,does with the misses s8+tho deffo a sign washing is a pink job ??"
Fix the notifications! What's the point of they don't work!
That's bloody hell a lot to ask permission for using a simple app for a washing machine, I would stay away. Do you guys want my underwear size as well or what...? Reduce the permissions requests and I will change my rating
Why do I have this in Australia when I cannot buy smart things here. Annoying, sell me some stuff or don't install it.
This stupid thing doesn't work. I get at least 30 notifications a day saying it has stopped working. Either let me disable it and get rid of this battery eater or fix the draining of my battery and fix the annoying constant notifications saying is stopped working it is a waste of my phone space and its really annoying. I want to throw my phone into the garbage at this point. I would really rather have an iphone which has 10 times more issues than a phone that is constistantly giving me notifications like the smart things app has crashed when i don't even use it i haven't ever opened it until now because it keeps crashing when i didn't open it
I ACCIDENTALLY TURNED MY APP OFF FROM MY STATUS BAR, AND NOW I CANT FIND OUT HOW TO TURN IT BACK ON!!! SAMSUNG SUPPORT, PLEASE HELP. IF YOU ACTUALLY GET THIS REVIEW, WHICH IS DOUBTFUL BECAUSE OF ALL THE OTHER NEGATIVE REVIEWS THAT ARE WAITING ON YOUR ACTIONS.
Just very very useful. Connects easily and allows you to have much more control over your device to device connections. My favourite featuee is the choice to choose between headphone output, phone output etc on the fly.
I have a Samsung smart tv and I can turn it OFF with this app BUT not back on again, please sort. Thanks
Awesome app, it works just as a control for my tv. Plus, it's always on my phone so it won't get misplaced.
When adding a new device and my new flex dryier. The app keeps looking in a closing and opening app phase. Waste of my time.
Still having connection issues. Not being fixed with updates. Worked fine till about 6 months ago
Automation is a great feature but without the marketplace support for custom apps it's mainly useless if you don't have all z wave devices.
If you have multiple bluetooth devices, this app is the best, lets you easily manage them all. My favorite part is it has a remote function for my Samsung smart tv
BETTER THAN APPLE. The only reason why I still have a Samsung Galaxy phone is because of both Samsung pay and smart things application. I love it!!!
Used to work perfectly fine with my Galaxy S9 and Samsung TV, now, after updating it won't mirror the screen.
i dont have a use for the app and i can't uninstall it. it just sitting there occupying space
I never use this, nice if i could unistall
Mostly use for the remote because the real one gets lost a lot with 3 kids
All good and dandy. But where's the battery indicator for my connected bluetooth devices. Was there earlier, now its gone. Now I have to use Baton. Plz bring it back.
Tells me my tv is on but when I select the device it tells me its off
I really only use it to not have to open the settings every time I want to use multiple bluetooth devices with either my Galaxy S8 or my Tab S3, since I can just toggle between those devices in the drop down notifications panel.
The only thing I dont like is you have to have internet for it to work
Why do I need this app ??? Why can't I get rid of it, I have no "smart" anything except my phone.
Just good app, which gets better and better with every update. Thanks, developers)
Fails to connect my Samsung hw-n950 . Consistently gets up to 44% and errors out.
Cannot add device, it gets to 53% then says it's taking too long cannot add
Its a good app, however some times it'll log off of the big screen TV by itself. But once its start working it works fine.
IDK what Android would be without this App. Makes switching activities and devices very simple. Amazing application which comes pre-installed on my phone. GS8 +
Much improved since the last time I tried this app. Works well with a lot of automated systems. Love access to my Hue lamps in my notification drop down.
I likes it. Comes in handy when you have BT headphones connected & you wanna show someone a vid or something. You can switch to the phone speaker fairly effortlessly.
Does not work all the time doesn't really do much
Some connectivity issues, closing the app and restarting addresses the issue
Can't even log in with new app. Login screen just shows a blurry house where I should be able to type my login info.
Works fine even tells me how high my JBL headphones are charged so I will continue using it.
Great app - would love more in the way of customising app sounds to multiple outputs at once etc
After using it for a few months I can't imagine managing my connected devices any other way.
The setup the Monitor and the automation is exactly what I was looking for in a nap thank you very much for creating it it's exactly what I needed in my life for everyday use
Data mining bloatware. Unable to remove.
fix the notifications, this app will be the reason I will never use a samsung phone again.
Installed for seperate app sound fuction! Awesome. I can listen to my bluetooth speaker and view my snaps without stopping my music.
It has it's issues when screen mirroring. But decent
App is ok but needs to give the user the ability to break up an area of the floorplan that a Powerbot creates.
I wish it would automatically connect to devices I've shared with before without my having to approve it. Maybe ability to choose safe devices.
ambient mode does not work
No e app very useful
I keep getting "a new device has been found" when passing through TVs in the neighborhood!
It easy to control the kids TV from my room I can turn it off
App wont let me use it without me rating it. this is what you get
Awesome! I only use this to switch between audio devices and it is the best thing to use for it
Robovac changed my life, everyone should have one, look after it, clean and maintain the vac and you will have a happy, clean life
Sometimes the audio gets disconnected automatically.. in Bluetooth headsets..
This is a great app to use very useful in many different ways keep up the good work and always keep improving
Conventional and functional, minor footprint and works with all devices I have yet tested.
App is a vast improvement over the previous iteration. Dashboard is still a bit unusual but it's customizable so that's a improvement as well.
App does not show smartthings hub v2 and can't connect to do initial setup.
Everything is pretty great so far! Now I can even see battery life of my headphones!
Works well sharing files between devices. Easier and simpler than using OTG cables and flash drives.
Cannot do anywhere near as much as the old SmartThings app.
It need some update to fix some smartthings gadgets samsung cam and fridge and oven
You are not allowed to agree to the terms and conditions and use the app unless you agree to receive the "optional" newsletter.
I am experiencing the best time when ever i need. If it was possible i would give milion stars
It has more permissions than needed but does a good job of managing devices and macros.
Why is there no way to switch the lights on it only seems to support the outlets
Doesn't do the things I want like running the vacuum automatically when no one is home.
Please Add Nest Thermostats and wireless ip cameras.!
I like it, but I wish it had some tips on resetting and syncing new devices....
Plzz reduce unnecessary adds
We have a lot of blutooth sound systems in the house and this app makes it easy to switch between them
Very useful app love the way it connects to all my devices when I walk into my house
A definate must if you have a samgung phone
Sometimes it won't work
I don't want this app on my phone but can't delete it.
I could finally add my UN55MU6100GCZB TV
Smart things is a really good app. Put it to use and connect!
I love it!!! Switching from Bluetooth to my phone speaker is seamless and I can still stay connected.
Does what it says it will. . . Most of the time.
Does what I need & want it to do. Each update makes better & better. Great job Samsung!
Not working ac remot please include
Dose not pick my washing machine
Can't download controller. Contact customer support
Great app, can control the TV and many things.
Works fine with my tv....washing machine too complicated
No Samsung device at home, no use.
I'm trying to get use to it but I like it'.
It's alright
Can't download the remote which is needed
Great app works great with all my electronics Samsung only for me
More options for volume control when connected to more than one BT device
Samsung Galaxy Note 8
I use it for my Samsung TV and it works great. No problems yet.
It's a control for wireless and bluetooth devices.... meh.
Great app allow me to watch my favorite shows from my phone on my television.
I always trust Samsung
Wow follow me enabled
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87 \xd9\x85\xd9\x86 \xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb6\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa7\xd9\x85'
Let me uninstall it please
Works perfectly although i would love to be able to switch on my t.v. with it.
Like
Its quite responsive, allows for easy navigation, overall pretty happy.
Mistake wrong app
This app should be deleted. Stick with the classic app as its way better
Love it ,all my toys are Samsung, so works great. Thanks
Is easy and plug and play, but is missing a web interface.
Does what it's supposed to do
Excellent for mirroring to tv not sure how to use other functions though
Never have a issue. Quality of view and sound is excellent. Excellent app
I don't want this
It works!
This app is pretty awesome don't mess it up lol
It won't download
Gets the job done.
Very good and nice +1000000000
It's a very good app and for the most part it works.
Samsung j8 phone doesnot display on samsung smart tv
Nice nice asm cool beautyfull lovely sweet quiet
So NYC aap
Quick. Easy and offers me extra utilities when BT connecting.
Great app very helpful with other Samsung products !
Woks very well and integrated into google home.
Every thing is good and different
Work on Samsung Galaxy S9+ Midnight Black.
Could use some improvement. But love it and use it a lot
It makes things efficient
Very useful i so love Bixby and her help
Great app for keeping track of your smart stuff
Like the simplicity.
Always works great! Super cool features
Great Job to all Developers That Made this App Great
Really makes connectivity simpler than it already is.
Works great for connecting smart devices.
It works well and is a handy app to have.
Works good with all my smart devices.
I really love the app. Very useful
Not needed.
It makes life so much easier.
Very good to manage multiple wireless devices
Easy way to connect to my other devices
Easy. Works great. Compatible with Amazon Alexa
Great App. Thank you Samsung !!
I love this app
Great app and very easy to use
Love it no internet net required
Makes connecting so easy!
Good but could do better
The greatest app from Samsung ever
Great and easy you use!
b'\xe0\xa4\xac\xe0\xa4\xbf\xe0\xa4\x97 \xe0\xa4\x85\xe0\xa4\xaa\xe0\xa5\x8d\xe0\xa4\xaa\xe0\xa5\x8d\xe0\xa4\xb8 and very good love u ...'
Works well
J on by nvok
Metallica forever
Bwlpful app
THANK YOU
Plz improve
cant remove
I like it
No think
I can control everything I love that
Always crashing
I Love Samsung in General!!
Love this app! Easy to use!
Apple is trash
Awesome app, easy to use.
Nice app, working great.
10 out of 10, Loved it!
Great way to switch audio
Yay smart stuff!
Very smart app love it
Made my life easier
Love the automation and user friendly
Use it everyday.. love it.!
Works well. No complaints.
It's convenient!
So easy. Love it
It's a good app
Life's good!
Great App.!
Great app!
Helpful. Easy to use.
Enjoying my tv
Very good app
Exelent machine and app
Pretty good and useful
Very good app
Issa nice rn
Samsung at its best
Please update always...
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
lekker
Ace
DOPE...
Fab
suprb
Yeet
Lovinit
Hihahaha
Huh
Ty
Ok
Semmaa
Oooo
Super
It's good
b'????????'
Good!
Awesome!!
Yes......
Works great
Good app
Not bad
Well done
Convenient app
Easy to use
It and cool
Useful and super
Quick and useful
that is a good app
Beso love
Helpful app
Great application
Great app
It good
Great app
Amazing App
Nice app
Good app
Great app
Super useful
Its useful
I love it
Great app
Easy and accurate
Absolutely brilliant
Amazing app
Well done
Easy and fast
Very good
Very useful
V good
Awesome app
Should improve
Great app
I love it
Very useful
Nice app
Useless it is
Good enough....
Better
Great
Love it
Good
Fantastic
Awesome
Helpful
Good
Perfect
Loved
Awesome
Fantastic
Cool
Awesome
Great
Fabulous
Great
Great
Awsome
Awesome
Best
Useful
Good
Goooooooood
good
Love it
Good
Good
Nice
Excellent
Great
Good
Love it
Amazing
Nice
Nice
Good
love it
Amazing
Amazing
Nice
Awesome
Good
Huge steaming pile of samsung.
I am using it on my Samsung S9 and overall it is a good application. My only complaint is when two or more devices are connected such as a Bluetooth headset and my Wear OS watch and I want to disconnect one of them I pull down on the notification panel and see both devices and they have a Blue slider/toggle that you would think you can just tap to disconnect. That is not working as when you tap on the toggle it actually opens this application every time Why can you not adjust it so it turns off the connected device next to the toggle? Please make it easier to toggle on/ off without it actually launching the application...... thanks
This app is subjective depending on the device you actually use it with. I have a Samsung TV, a Gear Icon X, some bluetooth speakers, a Logitech G560. Using a Note 8 to toggle between devices, to toggle between speakers especially when using dual audio is just, it works, it does what it does when I tap it to. Most of the stuff I need it to do just plain works. Great app. If your device/s don't work, don't blame the app because it may not be designed specifically for the purpose you are seeking.
This app needs the option to disable or delete it. My phone's Bluetooth is always on because it is connected to devices I use at home. I share my car with family members and every time someone starts the car my phone is suddenly connected to the car and my phone call or music is suddenly unexpectedly streaming to my car. I have to rush to disconnect the Bluetooth and try to regain control over my phone. I can't delete the app. I don't want to have to unpair and re-pair my phone's connection with my car every time I drive, but I don't know how to stop my phone from pairing with the car every time one of my kids or husband uses the car.
MAKE IT SO I CAN SEE BATTERY LIFE OF MY BLUETOOTH DEVICES !!!! I CANT BELIEVE YOU STILL DONT HAVE THAT OPTION ON GS8 AND NOTE8 !!!!!! COME ON ALREADY!!!!!! Still nothing you guys listening??? UPDATE: HOW MANY MORE DEVICES AND MORE YEARS DO WE HAVE TO WAIT FOR TO SEE THE BATTERY ON BLUETOOTH DEVICES WE HAVE CONNECTED WE HAVE ASKED SOOOOO MUCH NOW ADD IT MAKE IT PRIORITY ASAP!!! NO MORE UPDATES UNTIL THIS IS ADDED AND MAKE IT WORK ON NOTE 8!!
I own 3 Samsung units: a fridge, a range and a TV. This app is worthless for all 3. It finds everything, adds the device and then says it needs to download a controller (really?). So you click download the controller and guess what message the app gives... "Cannot download the controller, seek help". This is useless Samsung! Why market smart appliances and devices if they do not work?
Please reduce the amount of bloatware of Samsung phones. Apps like these are only needed for people using multiple Samsung products as well as those who need to connect those to their phone. If you create a separate app section in Galaxy Apps store for Samsung products,it would be great instead of preinstalling all of these and slowing down perfectly capable phones. Even facebook is a system app :(
Hi Chelsea, a user of smartthings here. I'm sorry to hear you've messed the app up and are having trouble migrating existing users or their devices. I'd really like to understand the issue, so if you could kindly pull your finger out and get back to work that would be helpful. Please contact me directly by replying to this message.
Problems with this app, on the 7 series tv 2018 problems with keyboard, when you want to write keyboard dissappear and mouse pad doesn't work every time. My phone S8 Samsung too so the problem it is with the app. Please repair it fast!
Can't connect to alfa Romeo giulietta sat nav system they won't pair as i can't type or see pin code .how can i get around this then ? Update just connected my tablet and other half s7 but not with this app on so proved what is the problem... well i have contacted you directly but no reply yet ?
Samsung galaxy s7 can not find Samsung smartthings hub. it was supposed to be a plug and play task. now I have waisted 2 days without any step gone. it appears that no smartthings support exists online. I live in Malaysia but how would that have any impact. I can connect a fridge a tv and such but not the very heart of smartthings itself even accepting every transparency into my private live that was asked by Samsung, which is very extensiv. #reply# thanks for your reply. it seems you didn't even read and understand my concern. I want to connect the st hub. and no support is available in Malaysia. please do not reply if are not sincere. my mind has not changed but is confirmed.
I shouldn't have to open it to make the automated routines run. That's why I gave it 3 stars. (Edit) Seems to be working better since the last update. However, why does the app always open to my Hub screen? Why doesn't the app open to the dashboard? That makes so much more sense to me.
I lost my remote for my TV ('one remote') when my grandkids came over for a visit so now I use smart things for that... overall, it works great except for the fact that it's like having an extra light on in the room - when when I don't want any lights on... skinning would be a really nice option for this app.
Samsung did a poor job of moving away from the Classic app to the new Smartthings Connect app. The new app doesn't keep log records - similar to the Classic app. In Classic you can see when deadbolt has locked or unlocked, and whether manually or through the app. Unable to set home security to not use motion sensors when at home. Less functionality compared to Classic app
I had the classic app. It worked fine. The new app lost functionality. I cannot add my Samsung SmartCam nor my Linear Garage Opener. The new app sucks. Get you head out of your behind Smarrthings. No one wants to lose capability when they "upgrade".
I like the app, but the support for some device features are lacking. First, there are very few triggers for notifications, and then you still don't always receive them. Im really disappointed that there aren't more features for my Halo smoke detectors. Right now, I'm not even being notified when smoke in the kitchen is even detected, much less able to push them.
Used to work fine, but few updates back it got broken and apparently Samsung is not interested in fixing it. Their recommendation is to use the Classic version which in my case is useless too. It is really dissapointing to see that latest models are not supported!
The app shows my smart locks in the locked position when they are actually unlocked. This isn't very good especially if i'm away to where i am unable to physically check the locks.
You need to do a better job in regretting various devices such as to ring doorbell. The current APP shows the ring doorbell connected but you cannot view anything but the battery status. Also your Samsung Smart TV with the Samsung Connect app does not show any content from the Samsung hub.
Replaced the quick connect app. Takes a few seconds to pop up in the drop-down menu, makes me missclick often. Before, i could choose devices to connect to with a swipe and tap, now i have to swipe, wait, tap, choose a different menu, tap a particular place, wait, then say "connect". Tedious.
Useless. Brand new QLED 4k TV and prompted to download and use the app. But it needs a "controller" to talk to the TV which it fails to download every time. New 2018 TV should work out of the box with the associated app. Very disappointed.
This new Smarthings app has been out for over 2 years and existing users still cannot use this app with their smart hub since existing customers' accounts cannot sign in. Samsung obviously does not care about its loyal customers. Existing customers should have had access first... Instead they don't care about us at all.
App upgrades seem to wipe any previous devices you had configured! Waste of time of this happens. It's not as if I am replacing these physical things!
Can't delete or disable? Enough with your bloatware please. I don't need this app and don't want it. Alienating your customers just so you could gather more data on them seems like a very poor long-term strategy. My next phone won't be a Samsung.
Cannot download device controller running Android 9. App is therefore useless! Will give a follow-up rating once it's fixed. BTW, Ellen and Chelsea, no need to reply to me. Please just inform your development team's senior mgmt that many customers believe they need better QA. Thanks!
Bloatware. If you do not have all SmartThings compatible devices in your home, this app is a waste of memory, battery, and function on the phone. AND they make sure you can't remove the damn thing!!
Cannot use a TV remote app w/o allowing it access to track my location! Unnecessary invasive permissions! Doesn't work anyway. Can't download controller error.
Still work in progress. Spent a lot of time moving all my automations manually to a new app. Tedious process I must say. Home security automation was hidden so deeply in setting that I thought it's not even there
This app is constantly disconnecting my bluetooth headphones and wont let my phone pair back up with them I hate this app I wish there was a way for it to be completely takin off my phone... I will be getting a new phone soon because of all the connectivity problems I'm having from this app being on my phone
This app is garbage. I've had SmartThings for yrs and old app absolutely destroys the Samsung ver. I think it's hilarious that it can't find my 2 yr old Samsung TV or Blue ray. My refrigerator is is still being as top of the line at $3000+ (hell no, I didn't pay retail) it can't find it either. Not even my Pixel 2 XL shows up. Nothing I create in the OG smartthings IDE shows up on the new site or app. And on the Pixel the Sammy BL garbage. Can't find anything but I dnld a BL discovery tool on the same phone, I can the see neighbors BL devices in their house! POS!
The application dashboard will not save my device list. Every time I open the app all the hidden devices are displayed. Very annoying when you have a lot things connected.
Do not want this app on my phone but must have it without choice to uninstall. Has hidden preferences that give it access to everything on my phone I again have no choice about. Constantly crashes so have had to turn off notifications just to make my phone usable again. Force stop and it just restarts.
Couldn't download controller for q7f TV on pixel 2 XL Android P Edit: customer support says this is a well known and common issue, one with no solution. I recommend everyone avoid this app, it doesn't do what they claim it can.
Too many tedious bugs. Constantly asking me to accept the Samsung terms and conditions everytime I try to do something and closing down unexpectedly. Reminds me of Samsung apps of the past look good but badly executed.
The updated app has a poor design base. The toggles are too area specific and can be difficult to quickly access. The design needs to allow for a larger button/toggle. Also, I have a Pixel 2 XL running Android 9 and the software is slow to load.
Hi, Got this app to use with new washer and dryer, which works on tablet (android 6.1) and company iPhone but does not work on my pixel 2 XL (android 9). The app opens fine but each time I try to use the remote it crashes, tired deleting cache and re-installing but happens each time. Please can you confirm this is compatible with android v9? Has anyone else successfully used the remote control function successfully on v9? Any advice on how to fix? Thanks
The original app/ box was wonderful. I used it as the brain of my house. I moved and got a new one I have model STH-ETH-200 . Now it just tells me when I try to connect a device that a Hub is required. I have one connected. It's in my devices tab. So I got a replacement for the new one to try to see if that would fix it. Bought brand new and it obviously is refurbished garbage. The status light doesn't even come on. They ran this program into the ground 0 stars
I am trying to connect a supported device in SmartThings but it cannot find it even when I try to search manually. There is no Camera category. I have tried to send a message to customer support but even the message is failing to send. My app is up-to-date and I'm still facing problems. I hope someone can get in touch with me soon
HATE IT!!! It too over controlled me when I tried to do something with other app or even I tried to remove/disabled/uninstall the app it block my way through to adjust my phone to it best quality of speed and performance. Smartthings is one of the most dragging app on my phone's cpu/gpu.
All I want to do is control my Samsung soundbar, but to do that I have to install this app which apparently requires every android permission I've ever seen including location. Once you've installed it you further have to give them more information because it requires you to make a Samsung account and log into it through the app before you can do anything at all. Signing away my life to be able to use wi-fi on a soundbar. Amazing.
b"The app installs okay on the Google Pixel 2, however, you can't download and install any of the controlers. I just bought a new 7 series TV and Soundbar and I can't get the full connectivity experience with my phone. Very disappointed Samsung, you need to do better ????"
I loved the SmartThings classic app, but this app is garbage. I'm not even able to login because it doesn't work with Chrome on my phone. It wants me to download and set the Samsung browser as my default browser (which I won't do). It should work with Chrome for Android. I'll keep using the classic app until this is fixed.
the drivers don't work with the app properly. was planning to Use Smartthings as my main smart home builder and eventually buy things around some Samsung products, with all its nice features for automated geofencing, but I can not get it to work with my 1st smart device Ring doorbell 2. it's therefore useless and i'll have found an alternative integration platform.
App used to work great but lately after updates my note 8 canconnect to the TV but all I can control is the volume. The options like play sound on phone and other things stopped working
Cannot even set up one single device with this app (TV) it just hangs up every time. Useless.
While streaming music to my bluetooth device, the audio output changes automatically to device(phone) speaker. This is really annoying.
Smartthings does not like to lay with Alexa! Finally got Alexa to see devices. Make sure you select home in smartthings app so when you authorize alexa skill and select home it will find devices.
Integrating life with door lock, door knock notification, remote ac controller, washing machine controller and completion reminder, and even some IFTTT libraries. I am looking forward to having email notification so i can manage with outlook rules. Great products
How can you make great appliances but a such crappy app? When I try to connect to my washer, the app crash and restart, when my vaccum was connected, I had to download the the controller, never worked, now, I want to connect back my vaccum, the app ask for a permission to connect to the place the vaccum his, and then the vaccum is no more there. How come, at the price I did pay, it can't connect out of the box, like my smart Sony TV, no problem there. Fix this!
Why, Samsung? Just why? Quick connect was so quick and easy to use. This is rubbish. Connection options don't appear in my pull down menu. When I click on the 'smart things' icon it takes me into the app to choose what I want to connect to, unlike quick connect where all paired items would be in the pull down menu on my homepage. How about giving people the option of which app they would like to use instead of arbitrarily forcing them to use the one you pick! Very disappointed.
So i had to revise my review due to user error. App works great now that i figured it out. App is not hard to navigate, i am just not the smartest
I do not have any Samsung appliances and do not plan on getting any. I have tried to remove this app and can't do so. This app is unwanted (at least by me). It wants permissions that I don't want to give and takes up valuable space. I want Samsung to respond and tell me how to remove or at least disable it.
Only needed it for our smart tv. It's overly complicated and inferior to lg or the other major tv producers.
Please allow login from the Silk browser on Amazon fire tablets! I like the app, but can't use it on my tablet! Allowing for sign in within the app instead of redirecting to an external browser would also be an acceptable solution. It works great on my phone, but I am missing out on the full potential of my tablet because of this hardcoded exclusion of the Silk browser!
Please ffs, let us DISABLE this!! We don't want this trash. Don't tack it on. It requires permissions for things from being on my device to asking me to install a camera in my toilet. ..I..
After this app appeared on my device without my knowledge, I am unable to connect to my PC using USB. It also won't let me disable or remove it. Please delete this app from my phone !!
Didn't work for my needs. Main issue being it was based on my need for controlling my tv bit it keeps stating it can't download the device controller. Upon receiving a response to my review to report the problem i downloaded it once again just to report the issue and was unable to then report the issue it states "couldn't send report. try again." Just wow guys
the app was already not compatible with Android but I at least had a remote control now with the new update my remote control is wiped out and I can't download it again completely useless to have a very expensive vacuum that you can't use the automated features with
Everytime I connect to my series 7 tv it give me an error when trying to download controller "couldn't download controller"! So far the app is useless Update: I already contacted the support but they didn't respond yet, I found alot of people facing the same issue and all of them on android 9 like my pixel 2 xl so I assume the problem is known already!
If I could rate this and the other Samsung appliances less then 1 star I would. I love my Samsung phones, but the Samsung refrigerator, stove are terrible. Always have problems connecting to them with my phone /app. They also have problems connecting to wifi. Even though my Xfinity wifi is only about 15 feet from the appliances with clear line of site. Take it from me and save your money.
I don't want more junk clogging up my home screen. I would delete the app as it is not something I chose but I cannot. Please tell me why Samsung thinks I have to have this on my device? And how can I get rid of it?
After several attempts I managed to get the app to work with just permission to my location. I cannot see why this would be required, but more worrying is that it won't even start without. You could just disable the function that require a location.
This app ruined the connection between my S8+ and my car it won't let the rsap mode denying the car's access to the internet I've been struggling with it for months, I'm frustrated
Still an emerging technology. Some things/times work, some things/times do not work. Simplification and robustness to function is hopefully still on the development to do list.
This app does not download the needed controllers for the devices to be remotely controlled. This is on my Google Pixel XL 2 running Oreo and Pie. It also doesn't work with previous editions. Very disappointing that thousand's of dollars of appliances fail to work as advertised. Developer response: Hello, Ellen with SmartThings support here. I'm so sorry for the trouble downloading device controllers. I'll be sure to report this issue to our app teams, but I'd also like to ask you to message us directly so we can look further into it. Please reach us by tapping on the menu in your App and then on Help or Contact Us. Ellen, I have emailed and called support now several times and they best advice I get is to reinstall the app. There's an issue with customer support when the best advice is to simply uninstall and reinstall the application.
Spyware which cannot be removed. And please don't say you are 'super sorry' because I know you're not and it's very irritating. And don't tell me what it can be used for because I know all about that and haven't got any.
Now I can use this app with a minimal permissions, excellent. However, most of my devices Alarw showing up as unknown and disconnected. : (
App does not work with brand new Qled tv made BY SAMSUNG - says cannot download controller - how is your software now compatible with your own products Samsung?
Will not work with s9+ and ubd-9500 Have reported error though samsung members app and had no response.
Requires installation of Samsung browser and making it default to finish installation of app. Really!! Update: In response to Samsung. Using Edge browser, Silk browser, Chrome browser, and Chrome beta browser same error. Should not have to install Samsung browser to activate. You have a problem, fix it.
horrible. the STUPIDEST app on my phone. when will I be able to delete it?
Not a terrible app but it falls way short of the Smart Things Classic app. I wish they would pick on or the other to use. I now have an additional location profile for Smart Things that I can't get rid of because this app created it the second I opened it.
App fails to download controller for the Samsung robot vacuum, in-app help/report system wouldn't let me submit a report successfully without trying about 30 times. Still no response from the submission so who knows if it was even successful.
When I first tried it, it's I recall, it wouldn't deal with non- Samsung devices. I went back to check, now that I'm familiar with my new phone, and it won't run without access to my location, which has no relevance to controlling a device. Deleting, if I can.
I dont know what this app is for and l dont want it. When l try to disable it, it says it may cause errors. I don't know what that means. It is just taking up space. I will nevet use it! Please make it go away!!!!!
I have no use for this app and cannot uninstall it. It also keeps crashing and disrupting other apps
Still some features missing that is in the other previous smartthings app :-(, with automation can not set "only once per day", no volume controle of Sonos..., so ending up using 2 smart things app...
I enjoy the app a lot. It's only drawback is that it only performs as well as the internet connection you use to pair it with. If that's ok it's absolutely fine.
Could be good but unfortunately its lacking in so many ways. Also I'm not sure if I'm doing something wrong but I cant get an option to be able to stream from Google Play music to my soundbar
Slow, sometimes unresponsive... Only tries it with Samsung air conditioner
Just got a Samsung connect home 3 pack to setup a WiFi mesh network in my home. The instructions say to download the Samsung connect app but that doesn't exist anymore. Had to find that out by googling to see if my phone was supported. Oddly, my Samsung phone that I would like to use is not supported by this app. So ended up using another phone but then saw that this app wants my contacts and is forcing me to create a Samsung account. I just want to setup wifi. The Samsung WiFi router doesn't have a local web interface so it forces me to use their app. The problem I have with this is that it is the second time I've experienced Samsung abandoning apps and making devices either dumb or not functional. Have a Samsung smart TV and the app used for that got removed from the play store with no replacement. My Samsung phone isn't supported with this app. So how long before they change software again and make my wifi router not work? If I can't use a phone with their software I have a WiFi router that can not be configured or used at all. It's just garbage at that point.
Connects to my TV. Then it says it can't download the controller and to contact them for help but there's no contact information. Brand New 2018 qled . This app is garbage
Can't download device controllers on Android Pie on Pixel 2 XL. Trying to see Washer and dryer status restarts the app
Can't disable? Unforgivable. Totally sick and tired of Samsung bloatware and will be buying a pixel next time.
"Couldn't download controller" -- Very irritated. App fails to download controller for my fancy new UHD Series 8 TV. Ouch!
Somehow they managed to make it worse. Now crashes instantly if you try to control a device. Completely useless
Takes..oh, about an hour of trial and error to finally get it to work. I'm talking each time you want to connect. I'm sick of it already!!!!
App is good but few glitches. Like whenever I open this app to connect my Samsung Qled TV, it shows some connectivity issue.
Using Samsung Galaxy edge 7 phone, and it almost never is able to connect to Samsung TV. I think software for most of Samsung devices is a week point.
Bloatware that can't be uninstalled never getting Samsung tvs or smart equipment so it's useless.
Works great on my phone but not on my family hub Fridge. It had an update 2 days ago and was working fine, today back to the same cant connect.
It was a pain in the back, but managed to get my robot vacuum running, took around 15 tries to get it paired with this app. Worked once, it can't connect to the app anymore. Don't know what I expected, it's Samsung after all.....
Samsung are not allowing s8 or below to connect to their own smart tvs they have broken the screen mirror on purpose. greed
Limited function, does not allow for device removal. This is necessary to re-pair zwave switches that broke when converting from classic app. This app is 4 stars worse!
Stopped working for me, even after updates and clearing app data still doesn't work.
How can the app be more NOT smart after each update? It has less functionality each time
SmartThings would be (smarter) if it linked with Google Home Devices. My Google Home Mini connects to my Philip's hue lights around my home, SmartThings wont unless I buy a $160 Hub that's not sold in my country (Canada) We call it "DumbThings" as a joke because it's marketed in a country where we cant even buy it.
Didn't work with my new Samsung UHD TV and Samsung sound bar, and now this app cannot be removed from my device.
When it works, it works like Jarvis. Even telling Bixby to mute/switch on my TV works but mostly it does not responds and lags like hell. I have a series 8 TV and I am sure you can fix these errors
So the SmartThings (Samsung connect) app, the Samsung SmartHome app, and the Samsung Classic app are all junk now. For this app (SmartThings) I cannot get my Samsung smart range to pair with it. uninstalled, and reinstalled numerous times. Always gets stuck in the "searching for AP" section, when trying to discover the appliance. When setting it up it will initially find the appliance, then the next screen when it searches for the AP, it just sits, and after getting to 48% "installed" it just stops. Every time. Quick online search for "Samsung cannot find AP" will reveal thousands of similar problems getting the Samsung products to pair with their apps. Literally thousands.. Even the Samsung sponsored community page is full of these complaints. Calling the help line does no good, as the reps don't know how the apps work, so they tell you "sorry, that is not something I know about, please look at the online instruction manual for help pairing your appliance"... Not even the special 1-800 number for smart appliance owners does any good. What's the point of buying smart appliances, if they wont pair to the proprietary app? I have a $3000 "Smart" range, that is useless.
Transitioning from the original application is a nightmare. This one hides things and doesn't let you do everything the original one did
So much worst than former version, I hope Samsung will remedy soon
This app is trash I used to be able to connect to my Samsung TV but now I cant. seems like now I need wifi to connect to anything which I don't have. I used to whatch videos from my phone on my TV as soon as my phone contract is over I'm getting an iPhone
How about ability to IMPORT EXISTING LARGE SMART THINGS SETUP TO THIS APP? Not switching to or using this one until I can export my current setup from the old app and import it to this one. Come on Samsung.
Remote control with my Samsung TV works only on rare occasions, mostly just fails to connect..
How can old app perform better and more simple. The new app you can't even sort the devices alphabetically. The only good thing about this new ass pp it look better UI
The new update is nice but please on the next update include a bluetooth headset battery indicator with the percentage. Everyphone such as Google, Lg and Sony has included this very very useful feature. Please consider this people has been requesting this feature for quite awhile now. Thank you.
Connects for 2 minutes and then stops working. Connects again for 10 minutes and then doesnt want to connect anymore at all.
Pathetic and useless app that no one asked for but forced upon the phone by Samsung.
Trying to stream from my phone to the TV and vice versa is like I'm using dial up. Constant stuttering and the app just drops out. I can be standing right next to the TV and it happens. This is with an 8+ and a new TV. Garbage
Long time user of the original SmartThings app. This app, which took its name is garbage. It is sad to see that Samsung ruined SmartThings. I might have to throw away my hub and look for other options.
It's very awesome to use to fastly connect to your speak and to connect to your TV. which I don't have a smart TV. so yeah but it's easy to connect with
The app updated on 8-21-18 and ever since the update I keep getting an error message saying the app must close. I will uninstall it if it isn't fixed in 3 days tops! NOT HAPPY!
Stupid app keeps updating perpetually and kills my phone. I have no use for it. I've uninstalled it so many times and it comes back. Someone tell me how to get rid of it. I've emailed and not received a response. ZERO STARS.
Another entry added without asking. I have un-installed what I can and any other additional quantities will not be accepted. Guy Hamilton Martin Monday, 25 September, 2017
Hi guys. Maybe someone can help me. I'm trying to add smartthings to google assistant but after logging in and authorising it, it just says that the account has been added, but the app does not go forward with adding rooms or devices. Please help. It's highly annoying.
This app is complete garbage. Keeps telling me I need to update but everytime I try to update I get the spinning wheel of Doom. Also Google Play is not showing an update
This app makes it harder to use than the old app. I wish you would have left the recent tab in the individual device screen. Now to check history of a device I have to go to the home screen click on the the dots in the upper right corner, click on notifications, click on activity, then filter and drill down to the device to see its history. Not as user friendly as the last app. Please add the recent tab back to the individual device screen.
My new samsung tv series 5 asked me in intro to download the app, and while I'm trying to login the app show "In progress" and don't log in. So how can I login to the app?
Since the latest update it no longer recognizes my 55 inch LED from 2013 I'm forced to use screen mirroring which provides terrible audio quality.
Nice I like it ,overall. with so many smart devices around us these days from smart TV's dishwashers ,Ac's, speakers, all modern home appliances. This app or feature is greaaaaaaaat. Try it .ya will not regret it. bluetooth speakers and otherr devises
Why doesn't work with 3rd Gen Hub in Brazil? I can't understand why companies still do that! I'm buying your products (phone, TV, soundbar, hub, wifi mesh) and you won't let me use them! Why you do that?
Unable to download controller, any time I try to connect a device.
Can't log in to my Samsung account so can't use the app any more. Says wrong browser when it's using Samsung browser already. Huawei P20 Pro
So ALL I want to do is cast my home videos from my Samsung Galaxy J6 -- onto my 2016 Hisense 65 inch TV and this piece of garbage refuses to "find" my TV ?? ?? WHY is this ?? ?? YouTube finds my TV in 2 seconds !! I've had to resort to a third part App and suffer all the adverts because Samsung is not capable !! Can you tell me what to do please Samsung so I can give you 5 stars ?? _____________________________________ Edit 4th September 2018. !! So your reply is useless too and I will keep it at 1 star !! You are deliberately penalizing customers who don't have a Samsung TV ?? It's disgusting that I cannot cast my own home videos using my daily phone driver when a video on YouTube can just be so easily cast to ANY TV !! !! !! And YouTube is FREE !! I have to pay for this useless piece of rubbish !! You are GREEDY Samsung !! You want everyone to buy a Samsung TV as well as a phone !! But it's backfired because I will not renew my Samsung contract once it expires !! Plus -- I cannot even delete your USELESS app. It's just disgraceful !!
The only problem is the volume has never worked as I've connected everything to my sonos and have to manually change it.
I tryed to setup my hue lamps and it said you need a hue hub! I have a hue hub! I give up! I'm really surprised Samsung have got this app SO wrong.
Turn on tv feature does not work. I have already tried clear memory tricks, as suggested, but did not have any luck.
Thought it was cool to watch TV on my phone, only just started using so things may change, after reading other reviews will have to see what happens, so far happy
After last update, the app cannot find the a/c anymore. The appliance shows disconnected. Pls take actions!
Ever since the most recent update, I've no longer been able to download the controller on my Android Smartphone.
How is this app not compatible with flagship pure Android phones? Google Pixel 2 XL and I can only add devices not interact with them? App prompts you to contact support but almost a week now and no response on either my two cases. One can only think Samsung is trying pigeon hole other leading phones....
Can't connect my Nest or smart home alarm system. Only my wemo plugs are available, so not of much use to me.
Serious connections to my devices all the time. Struggled to find then again
Lists all my devices, though half are missing names. Fails to connect to most of them when you actually try to use them.
keeps crashing and i cant even uninstall it....when it crashes every 2 min making my phone unusable do not get!
Crashes everytime on Pixel 2 running Android Pie when selecting a device (Washing Machine)
I think your app is great! BUT.....it doesn't sync with my nu8000. I have automations set up on my S8 to turn my NU8000 on and off at a certain time and it doesn't. The tv version say there are no automations.
No words but Amazing! Greatly Organized.
Was a handy app, used it for a while. Just upgraded to Android 9 and the app no longer works. I would have expected Samsung to be on top of having an app like this ready for Android 9. Will return stars if they fix it.
When it works properly it's amazing and extremely helpful and efficient. Occasionally trying to set up off name brand products can be a challenge but the helpful hints and YouTube videos help fix the issue.
Won't control my thermostats, but will control my locks and lights that are not officially compatible. Had to download Smart Things Classic to control my thermostats.
I luv it it's a very awesome app to have., Very handy at hand will basically run the whole house as long as u can Bluetooth it to ur pH,.. but it's a great app to have¡!..
Crashes everytime I select my washer. Android 9 issue?
Connection is not always succeed, it connected in the same AP. I connected my Samsung smart TV to my Galaxy Note. Btw, can I control remotely the TV in the office, while my kids watching some movies?
A few updates back it took away the ability to control my TV over WiFi. Worthless app now
Robot vacuum is always "disconnected" making the app useless. Works well when the vacuum actually connects.
I just used this for my tv remote. It use to work, to pause, volumn, ect. Now it can turn the tv off. I won't connect this to anything else. I'll ne uninstalling this with a tech after some reviews.
The New app is severely lacking a lot of the options the classic app had. It is a disappointment to say the least.
Bixby integration is poor. The app just isn't designed to quickly adjust lights and look at your common tasks. Could be much better design. Everything works though
I think i have to uninstall it.. bcoz it can't working with my samsung tv 5 series (40) when i install it on connect with my tv then it and try to increase the volume then its "shows that the your tv is off so make sure you your tv is on to perform function" so after many times try it does not worked with any function and every time it show the same message.. and one more thing why can't we use the app without wifi connection.. when we have a net connection in phone
Can't use quick connect anymore. It just says connecting. Then vanishes (roku stick).
Would be 5 stars if there was a widget. I use my ecobee thermostat and kwik set lock and it would be nice to have a quicker way to access. Besides that works fine
I can't mirror from my Note 9 to my tv, I've not experienced any issues with my Note 5 before, why now.
Incompatible with Android Pie with Pixel 2, unable to download TV remote; fine with wife's Oreo
Remote doesn't always work, TV would be on but the app would say its off
It dont work with my TV I have a VIZIO and it's on the same wifi network
It crashes right as it's about to connect to my washer and dryer.
It's a good app, takes some getting used to in regards to setting up functions, but once you've figured it out it's simple to use.
Getting better with every update but still has a way to go. Community handlers and IDE side need work
Unnecessary app, wish I could remove it.
b'You removed the option of playing tv sound on my s7 that is very very annoying.??'
Its too bad! Peel smart was awesome in my s4!!
I read reviews but people im 10 years. to use this isnt hard for me thanks samsung but in my samsung internet is virus please help me if u can
The classic app is much more user friendly. For example, setting an automation to take place only if a location status is set to a particular mode is missing in this app.
Constant connection issues and glitches. Only works less than 50% of the time.
b'UHHH!! I WANT TO COMNECT MY XBOX BUT IT WONT WORK??'
Broken Broken Broken...what have Samsung done? App is almost useless compared to the old one.
The app is worthless I'm returning my hub to the store today
Downgraded, thanks for making samsung a [not] better place for us.
Needs to be able to connect to devices that aren't just Samsung products.I have other devices ie Alexa that allows connections to a range of different devices so was expecting lots more from this app.
Barely connect to 55lg. S5 was perfect. This is slow and cut out between pictures.
The app opens to a community page? I don't see anything similar to the images advertised here? Running Android Pie. I think it's funny that Samsung does not honor the fact that I bought your hub. So features might not work if I don't own a Samsung phone?
Overall it's very good but view TV on phone appears only on my Note8 but not on A7....both has the same version of this App.
don't want it never wanted it don't want the permissions thanks for trying to force it down my throat and really hard to get rid of. Had to catch it while it tried to update.
b"On my tablet the app works ok to control my range. On my phone which is the device I most need it for it says I need to download a controller...then can't download the controller. ?? Edit for the form reply: Yes...I have....Multiple times."
I was forced to install it without my knowledge! How come?!
Doesn't push notifications for alarms or alerts. I'm currently on Android Pie with pixel XL and it doesn't show anything. You have to actually open the app to check :/
Don't know how to get rid of apps I don't want.
Some devices don't even work with the new Smartthings app like INOVELLI plugs.. but work fine in the old app
Should be compatible all new series Tv's.Not compatible my expensive TV UA43NU7100
It needs to be turned off when not being used!!! Without having to reset the phone!!!
several Times it losts connection to the air conditioners
Since it updated I no longer can connect to my car, and it's finicky when connecting to other Bluetooth products like headphones.
b'I am able to surf the net...while listening to my show with ear buds LOVE LOVE this app Highly Recommend it.??????\xe2\x9c\x94'
Unable to delete. Has lots of permissions that are unnecessary
Literally cannot connect to any other device than my pair of wireless headphones.
This app is awesome if you have any device from home appliances to bluetooth earbuds. Thank you samsung to make life easier and smarter.
I don't care about this app, let me disable it instead of have it use almost 10% of my battery per charge...
It would be better if it had more options and connectivity to other devices, like a smartwatch, chrome cast, and a (Vizio) smart tv
Pls make this compatible with other tv companies like VIZIO because I have a VIZIO tv and the app cannot find it when I search for a tv, Thanks a lot.
I can't connect my UN55KS8000 samsung tv onto smartthings. Why did you guys drop the integration?
Bloody annoying I cannot delete this
After Android pie update can no longer use it as a remote control for my TV. Tried to contact support with no response.
Thx a lot for your support, since the last update everything seems to be working fine.
this app keeps shutting down and is not a reliable app
It's difficult to Download remote control
Please get rid of this invasion of privacy.
It works again, I'd like a dark theme that would be cool.
Does not work with Pixel 2
App crashes when I tap on device.
all the times froubles with screen mirror function ( using on Note8 with Smart Tv) that is so upsetting
Be nice if it wasn't the slowest app in running on my S8. And if it properly recognised my nu8000 82" Samsung TV.
Devices constantly disconnect, and it's not possible to get them to reconnect without resetting everything and starting over
Data harvesting of the masses. Find a way to control your lights without sending all your data into the cloud... just sayin.
I do not want nor need this app, yet I am forced to have it on my phone.
Please add the feature so I could play youtube on this app it will be awesome I love it..plz plz add the you tube feature.
Bloatware that cannot be removed.
Won't stay connected to tv
Don't want it. Can't get rid of it.
Very poor setup instructions. Had to call the help line. Took forever to get it up and running.
bug fixes performance improvements UK only xDD (Ino it's not its just sarcasm)
I don't want it on my phone and I cannot delete it that's what I think
Great potential. Got it for a smart lock but it has very limited functionality
Huge delay from phone to tv
Unable to detect my tv
Not friendly features and functions
App crashes when attempting to administer a Samsung smart fridge
Does not work with powerbot
Videos not playing after last update-Samsung Galaxy S8.
b"I have a tv and I can't connected and a smart bulb to ??"
Not usable with my four wifi smart doctor aircons!
Good app but slow on connection and finding already accepted devices
in all its a very smart app but its missing the prompt info 101 for people to be guided through
So far I am impressed with this app and now I want all my appliances and electronics to be Samsung
Would like to able to move TV audio to a bluetooth speaker while keeping the video on the screen.
Bought a lovely Q7F, only to be greeted with an app that doesn't work on the Pixel. Please fix it.
Downloaded videos from telegram not support, required document reder
I can't turn on my TV with the remote control vecher
Waaaaay better than chromecast fr sure. I am so happy with smartthings!
Can't find my TV now even though its on
b"So far it's been brilliant so i can't complain. Luv It ??"
Do not need this app! why am i forced to give it access to my whole live?
Rlly good for annoying sibblings
"Couldn't download controller" For the q7fn tv
This app make conecting to my devices much easier than I ever anticipated...
Smart Things won't connect to Samsung HW-N850.
Can not connect my samsung ku6470 tv
Why it dosent support my samsung leavel u
After last update, working as it should.
We don't need app like this. Why can't we disabe it ?
I created a new account and can't even log in.
Connectivity with other brand smart tv is not there only Samsung, no sony
Finally, a great iteration of the SmartThings Interface, and controls has been released! I love it!
Still loses connections to devices too often
Plsss add as support tv the UA55KU6303 PLSSS
I cannot share mobile screen
Can't control vacuum, won't register
It is ok for connecting to bluetooth speakers
Barely works cant connect now
Slower response than old app
Control your smart appliances all in one place, well done samsung!!
Its alright i guess. Cant connect sometimes.
b'i do not have wifi in AC what to do ??'
Won't turn on lights half of the time.
It doesn't let me log in
S8 does not connect to TV.
Only mediocre in usability and relevance
Best app for controlling my Q7F TV from my phone Note 8. Great
Mirror link is not working for me...
I am bot able to add rooms or make scene. What do I do?
I like the app but sometimes it hard to work the tv with the bluetooth part of it
Nice app allow me to watch my mobile content on a bigger screen
The future is finally arriving.
Smart things App is VERY SMART & easy to use also.
b'It works for screen mirroring. ??'
Getting the new hub asap
I am thinking about me
The app sticks a lot
Doesnt autoconnect device
Works wonderful playing my music on my phone through my Home entertainment system.
Worst no flexibility
Sometimes so borring
The remote stinks
What a retarded app
Would be nice if we were not forced to install trash.
Would be better if it connected to all my devices... but it's cool
its ok could use more features and abit easier to use.
Can't get rid of it and it covers things I an actually using.
Its ok for me... not really wow
The app is fine, but the same device keeps disconnecting.
Needs the functionality of the classic app before I can use it daily
Doesn't connect projectors
So far good!
I use this daily. Makes things easier and quicker.
Easy to use and never let me down so far.
Samsung is multi platform functional
Doesn't work
Works great on Samsung Galaxy Note.
b'App works good when it ACTUALLY connects to my TV. ??'
Cant tern off and on
A must have
Use friendly app
signmy samsung acc
Would be nice if it worked and didn't keep crashing
App won't update gives error code 944
Everything I need and nothing I dont! Great App!
Can't connect to Sansung Cloud, worthless App.
Needs some improvement...
Suck!!!!!
Like it. Works as intended. Good handy mobile remote
Needs to get better with connecting to Samsung devices.
Awesome, cant wait to see a new version of it
great things these smartThings
ThanX for a great update! Very useful again!
All things good and aap is...very cool
Easy to use and set up. I like it
Good Idea But Needs Major Improvement
Does not connect to any devices and is useless
b"I don't get it?! What's it for?! ??"
Useful and easy to get set up.
Nicholas Goodrich did amazing making this
We littt
I like it
It sucks
Nc App
How updated
Full injoai
Not sure
Excellent user friendly application.
Does exactly what it says on the tin.
Waste of space
Unremovable bloatware
Useless by itself
Not usefull
It's a very good app
It's beautiful app:D
Automation does not work
Awesome app really good
Great and easy to use the apps
Great app love how it works
Learning it still but still useful
Very easy to use & love it
S For 'Samsung' rather S for 'Smart'
Easy and convenient!
This app is great
simple n easy
Very useful app
You doing good
Need better instructions
Good job Samsung
Best phone ever
Still need update
This is the best app
Very useful app
Awesome and thanks to samsung
Easy & Simple Connectivity
Like
Awesam
Supreb
Poor
Goods
Smartthings
Hi
Chicles
Povvibol
Like
Thank
Ok
Bloat
Ty
Hiii
Nicr
Amazing app.
It's awesome
Pretty neat.
It's great
To good.
Perfect!
awesome app...
b'??'
b'??'
Awesome!!!
Look cool
so good
Perfect app
very good
Great integration
Great app
Cool device
Absolutely awesome
Works great
Very handy
Great App
great app
Great app
Great app
This cool
Very handy
Too good
It is good
Really good
Feel good
Good app
Hopeless
Awesome...
Nice..
Excellent
Nice
Perfectly
Good
Love it
Nice
Good
Awesome
Awesome
Great
Good
Superb
Good
Excellent
Good
Best
Basic
Wonderful
Nice
Wonderful
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
Good
b'????????'
This app "upgrade" removes functionality that requires reinstallation of the old app to fix. Smart House Monitors are entirely separate in the two apps and an alert cannot be cleared in the new app. Additionally, it lacks a widget to run routines from the main phone screen. I'd recommend sticking with the old version for anyone considering upgrading as of August 2018.
Everything was working fine, then out of no where it wont let me use media audio. So meaning I cant use bluetooth and listen to anything. Anything going in or out. So I wont bd able to use my bluetooth headphones, cant use bluetooth in the car. This app is not useless for me since Samsung made it so I had to have this app. I just want to be able to listen to music while I drive.
The app it's not functioning with other Samsung air conditioner devices that I have: Samsung Jungfrau-F AR12KABE and Samsung AR09HSFSBWKNZE. To acces all the three air conditioner devices from my home I have to use two apps: Smart Air Conditioner to acces the two devices from above and Smart Things to access the third Samsung air conditionitioner AR09NXWSAURNEU. Samsung, when do you think it's possible to use one app for all these three devices?!!
This update, just to turn Use Background Data Usage back on! What the? What am I installing this app for again? Oh wait, I didn't install this, Samsung did. It look like spyware and I have no use for this app. And yet I can't uninstall it, AND I still can't disable it. Maybe it time the US should band Samsung too. Smart things is great for the disable people. Sorry Samsung but I'm not one of them.
Doesn't work correctly with Google pixel 2 xl. App team doesn't give a S*** about trying to make it work for it either. First and last time I buy Samsung. EDIT FOR SUPPORT *** I was not given a support number, I cannot see one if I was. I called in July 5th, 2018. I back tracked my emails - no support number.
Where did this rubbish come from to install itself onto my device? - and without the option to disable or uninstall. This type of self-installing without owners consent must be illegal. Its the device manufactures way of forcing you onto their products, invading your privacy and trying to persuade you to spend your money to line their pockets. Unacceptable.
Happy to know the security system I've had for years is now useless thanks to your updates. My phone is no longer a "thing" in this app making my routines not run at all. Glad I spent so much time and money into this, for you guys to kill it with N app update, and even with multiple people leaving reviews of the problems... You haven't fixed/addressed it for days. You are Samsung for christ sake, this shouldn't be acceptable to you
I have used the smartthings classic app for a few years now and it works relatively well. But this app, why did you even create it, is it supposed to be a replacement for classic version. If so it's possible the worst app I've ever used. All of my connected devices work done in classic. Almost none of them work in this app and it's possible the worst design I have ever seen. It's not easier, if you create something new it should be better, not worse and this is much worse. It's not introduce at all and I see no way to easily set up automations like the other app. Please kill it. It is really bad. Or start over.
I have no use for this app and it requires a high level of permissions. What's worse is it cant be disabled. UPDATE: Its been 3 months and still no way to delete or disable an app that I still have zero use for. I think its time to buy a tablet from someone other than Samsung.
Missing member/presence as a displayed device, used to be able to look in the app and see who was home. Missing the ability to refresh a disconnected device, hue bridge needs to be refreshed after power loss. Rules engine is significant improvement would like logical operators to be added for more complex rules.
When it works, its great. But that's 1 out of 50 uses that it actually does what they say it will do. I have a galaxy 8+ phone and two 2018 Samsung TVs. And it's a fight to have the app actually do anything with the TVs like I was sold on it doing.
Junk I didn't ask for. Loaded to my phone on its own. Since I would have to give this bloatware additional permissions to reach the help you are talking about Chelsea, just tell the developers to stop forcing there apps onto my phone and eating my data. Most of all tell them to create an update so I can easily remove it altogether. Simple rule, if I want it I will download it.
I am unable to add **any** smart app (not just mine). The app crashes just by pressing the + sign.. Contacted support but just got a template message ignoring the crash and stating that they do not have resources to help with smart apps.. If I knew I would not have bought the solution...
I use this app to control my Samsung TV. It works but the user experience is hooorrible!!! When trying to move the mouse cursor of the Samsung internet browser, there is a significant delay and the touch detection algorithm is not sensitive to fingers at all. In convulsions, I would prefer using my remote than this app to control the TV.
Would work great if the sensors would stay connected. At least one sensor needs to be reconnected every week. My home network is beyond a normal home network and most of the sensors that disconnect are smart things sensors and my ecobee thermostat. Others stay connected.
Used to be great now you can't cast your screen from mobile network only WiFi. Sucks. Plus you can only cast what Samsung thinks is ok. It literally blocks nearly all things I try to cast to my samsung TV which I paid £3300 for!! Was one of the main reasons I chose I Samsung phone and TV but now they don't work together like it used to. Garbage. Please fix this Samsung!!
All my devices work great on Smartthings Classic, but most everything shows up as Checking Status or Disconnected here. The few that don't say that just say cannot connect to device when I try to change state. Finally found a light I could get into and it only lets me turn it on or off, but it's a dimmable light... Looks pretty tho, so I guess I'll give it an extra star...
Please give Samsung Galaxy S7 users the ability to COMPLETELY REMOVE YOUR PRELOADED BLOATWARE APPS! This app CONSTANTLY crashes even though I've disabled it and. It causes my phone to freeze repeatedly.
Used to work well. Now its a fight to get my samsung tv to connect. Turn off the tv.. nothing. Reset the phone.. nothing. Do both again.. wow it magically works. It does this with both my TV's as well. Nothing.
Ever since Samsung took over this app has suffered tremendously. I suggest going back to the original version if you need to use your previously purchased items.
I'm sure this app is great for those that have a bunch of Smart Things-compatible devices. I don't have any, and I don't intend on getting any, so I'd really like the option to delete this app from my S8 without having to root it. Such as it is now, it's just taking up space, and is yet another wasteful icon in the app drawer...
I'm using S7 Edge, when I screen mirror through miracast it plays YouTube videos but when I try to play Amazon prime videos, voot videos it disconnects from my LED TV and plays only on my phone. Don't what's the problem help me out with this
Latest update broke connection with my samsung smart fridge, Samsung power bot, and Samsung qled tv. Removing and reading doesn't work either. Software QA at it's worst.
Okay I got all the smart things, outlet multipurpose, switches, arrival and hub. There are a lot of things you can automate. The IF THEN needs more boolean options for the IF statement. Example IF (location away AND any sensor triggered) THEN do this.
It's useless, uses too much resources, requires way too many permissions that I wasn't asked to allow. I want it off my phone immediately.
No alarm sound on home intrusion. This app is worthless without a way of notifying me on my phone with an alarm that there is a home intrussion or waterleak.
b"The app worked the very first time I configured it to control my TV and I haven't been able to get it to work since! For the few moments that it did work, I thought it was amazing. I've tried everything to get it to work again to no avail. ??"
But a shadow of its earlier version Launched far too soon, with get too little support for far too few routines, devices and integration with external partners. I know that develops are working to return missing features and add new ones, but his should never have been released with such a small set of features. Disappointed, impatient, but hopeful
Not very useful to me. Interface is confusing and the features are pretty much useless. Other Samsung devices the washer and dryer are not connecting properly. Only uses 2.5 g not the 5 megahertz Wi-Fi
This app is awful! Takes up so much space on my phone, can't delete it even though it's completely useless to me, and it causes the apps I actually choose to have on my phone to crash. So sick of my memory being used up by stuff I don't even want on my phone!
I really hate apps that are pre-installed that I have no use for, please do something for people who don't want apps like this where you can cancel either uninstall or disable. Just another useless app taking up room.
I cannot get this new version smart things app to show presence of home and away of my family circle like i can with classic and life360 connect. Please add the functionality back from classic or add a life360 integration.
Still not working in landscape mode on tablets, keeps switching to portrait mode, very annoying. Since Samsung replaced the old Quick Connect with this primitive and stubborn app, my TVs are not detected anymore, not shown in the status bar menu, and generally it's a hassle to connect to them for viewing TV on the tablet. Very poor application.
Works fine for automations, but controlling anything from the app is very tedious. Takes too long to load and update the status of your devices when you open the app and then takes several seconds to respond to input. Often I have to sign out then sign back in or it will show that I have no devices.
I do not own any devices with which I could use this app. But guess what, not only can you not uninstall it, you can't even disable it. F*** you, Samsung. This is the kind of thing that makes people hate your otherwise good products.
The worst app of the year!! No option to disable it after numerous update. Violates freedom of choosing apps. This is criminal
So much missing! 99% of my devices attached to smartthings don't work yet with the new app. Why does Samsung keep pushing this on us!
Device controllers fail to update or download for dishwasher, fridge, and stove!!! Also email or reports using the app to send to samsung which should have debug info fail to send also through the app. Even after an update. They tell me it could be the phone time is off but that is controlled by Verizon. Horrible customer service too.
The app nobody wants. I have avoided updates because i have no need for the SmartThings app. I am also VERY SUSPICIOUS of an app that demands access to every feature and function available on my phone. Uninstall? I cannot.
Why can't this app be uninstalled or deleted? It may be ok for people who want to use their phone as a remote but I do not. I have deleted it and revoked all access and but it always comes back. I guess Samsung doesn't believe I should have rights to what apps I want on my phone. Not good for customer loyalty.
The app crashes every time I try to access my connected devices. So, I just can't control them and this makes this app useless.
This smart app just crawl onto my phone without my knowledge and antivirus doesnt see it as threat. I guess it is fine. Obviously this is a message from not-a-smart-user
Shockingly intrusive - the update demands all sorts of intrusive permissions, but there is no option to uninstall it so you either have to allow this intrusive data access or have an out of date app on your device, which is a potential security risk. As an IT security professional I find this policy dangerous and disgusting. It also seems incredibly risky brand-management: an enforced-installed, non-removable app is a prime attack-vector and if a security is found in the pre-permissions version you've then got a Samsung-branded vulnerability, and as users are being more aware of privacy settings you could find a larger attack surface is available if people aren't updating due to privacy concerns. Or are annoyed that they _have_ to compromise privacy for an app they probably don't use/need.
This is the worst "upgrade" of any app. The app now struggles to remain connected to any switch, lock, or sensor. I am having serious doubts and seconds thoughts about SmartThings.
Dont want or need this app . . A strange thing happened tho, when i unboxed my new tv a little gagdet came with it that controls the tv, awesome !! Get this off my phone . . . Why cant i turn this app off ??
I despise this app and wish i could delete it from my phone. It constantly interrupts me and gives notifications even though I've tried turning notifications off. I hate it!
Another gimmicky piece of unwanted bloatware that can't be uninstalled. We the users should decide what is on our devices, not samsung or google etc.
Absolute trash! Nothing wrong with the old app and this will be replacing it? Such a step backwards.
They have added a large number of devices it can handle. In the beginning, I had a huge amount of trouble trying to connect anything but this app has come a long way. Now if only some of my devices didn't require being completely reconnected after every update (namely my car), this would be perfect.
I have Wemo lights with a hub and this app does not connect to it. It shows it but says I need a hub and I do. Worthless.
I see you don't listen to your customers. This will be my last Samsung device. It really is about customer service and choices. Please, let me have the software I want. Stop making decisions for me.
This appeared from nowhere. It crashes every time the phone rings and keeps me from answering the phone. I'm unable to unstall it, it is a zombie.
As of most recent version, only seems to require location permissions. Better. Still super bloated with tons of things I don't need or want instead of focusing on making basic things work well.
What are the comparability issues? Almost none of the several phones I have are listed as working with this version. What gives? New versions should be BETTER!
It keeps auto downloading and every time it does my phone stops sending or receiving calls or text ugh
I don't have any devices that work with this app, so why do i have the app? Because i have no choice! Dumb.
It does the job, but the app sometimes freezes when a new device is added, and the lack of widget / long preess support frustrating. The app looks good and modern, but I found apples Home app to be more user friendly. I highly recommend the developers to at least allow long press shortcuts and widgets support asap
This is an improvement over the smarthings Classic app. But time will tell on whether Samsung continues to improve the experience like truelly being able to use the app with more then a single person is when one person leaves the home it doesn't trigger everything to go into away mode while others are still home.
Garbage application uses webview to display message that it isn't compatible with my browser (it is using chrome for webview).
Can't download device controllers, so pretty much useless, update still doesn't work in latest update.
This app is made for those with small numbers of devices. At about 200 devices it seems very hard to organize and use. I hope it gets better soon with more compact views and more attention to larger networks of devices.
Samsung Why do u keep putting stuff on a phone I played for I would like a choice on what clogs up my memory. 90% of your stuff is not relevant to me. But it uses up space and battery. This might be the last Samsung phone I get
I use this application to watch movie online, and the movie that i watch become like slow motion, the movement in the movie and the sound which coming out is different.
suddenly started having problems with the bluetooth, will only stay connected gor a second of audio then disconnects
This app is one of the reasons I switched to an Essential phone. It asks for too many permissions, and can't be uninstalled or disabled.
b'Hate when they need access to everything. I dont even want the app but it automatically comes with the phone and verizon service????????????????????????????'
b'b4 old app was working perfectly i update my phone to oreo now i got this neww app but now its no connecting to my tv b4 it was working no says again and again remove cable and plug it again ....whats this what to do now help me ??????????'
Bloatware that crashes every 5 minutes and makes my phone lag. Cant remove it
Great App but it doesn't support my smart TV Cuz its 2015 model, could you please add support for UA40J5200 TV please
Last time I buy any thing samsung branded, let me install this but then won't let me sign in or anything because I'm using a Huawei, petty monopolies your playing, get a grip!
It works for several days then stops working. Has to be uninstalled and reinstalled. Sometimes it indicates that function is restricted when the function worked earlier. Embarrassing effort by Samsung.
I had to switch from Wink to SmartThings because I was losing support on all of my smoke detectors. This SmartThings app can't even send me the notifications I set up in automations. Very dissappointed.
It's ok, could be better. I use bluetooth speakers with my phone and they're down in my basement with the xboxs, washer and dryer (the two of which are LG and are supposed to be able to be controlled via app... up until the newer versions came out and LG decided to remove my machines, which were new on the scene the previous year) I'd like to use the room so so I can A. Find my speakers easier and 2. Automate so they connect as soon as I come into the basement. I want them to show as an adaptable speaker instead of some sort of noncompatable device!
Doesn't even let me get to the sign-in page. Why tell us to migrate to the new SmartThings app months ago and not let all of us login. Didn't matter if I am forced to use Samsung's own internet browser app they tell us to use when opening the new SmartThings app or Chrome browser. DIDN'T WORK!
Where is the widget? I can no longer one click (without launching the app) to turn on/off my bed light.
It does not work with TV UN55J5300 same as the smartview app
Samsung Quick Connect was more reliable; this is why I downgraded again. I.e. the settings in the notification bar quiet often disappears of Samsung Connect.
There are a few things that could be better. the interface and navigation and the setting up of rooms in smart things could be a bit easier. other than that, it's ok
App crashes every time I open it on my Galaxy S8.
I'm not sure if this is the apps fault but when I'm on a call it always switches between my headpiece and my vehicle
Plz give s6 users infra red function back instead of Bluetooth to control tvs
Garbage compared previous app. So many functionalities are removed.
It stuck block to my h information that wS ex to access
Honestly quite disappointed, purchased a powerbot for $800 and app cannot handle basic functions, constantly has issues, and all day long my samsung phone has a "robovac" header in notifications menu - which would not be an issue if the app would actually remember my connected devices for more than 5 minutes. Any attempt to access the menu/app from there will show device as 'disconnected' and totally ruins the practicality of app when I have to wrangle the same connection over and over every time I want to use my machine. From the way it is advertised and made to seem, I would say I feel it borders on dishonest compared to my experience. Particularly when there is no longer an option on app to control and review what devices and their cameras are doing/sending out. I want to like this app and Samsung's "smart" products but I have not found it to be easy or as "smart" as implied. By the time it is functionally connected I have spent about as much time getting it set up as it would have taken to manually control and organise my devices. There have not been helpful resources online, and all around is a pretty clunky experience. I am due for a phone upgrade soon and this experience coupled with the painfully generic support received within my time in the Samsung ecosystem will play part in my decision.
So limited compared to the SmartThings classic app. Please don't remove classic until this is up to scratch.
I only own a Samsung Galaxy phone but I have this installed anyways - because I have no choice.
this version broke the pairing from my phone to my Mazda 3
So bc my the is not new enough or large enough but is still only like 3 years old, I can't use this app? This is effing bs. I'll be sure the next time I buy ANY electronic device, I'll stay far far away from smasung.
Cannot get rid of that dam app!!
i don't use this app at all could you please just take it off my app store?
UI has too much wasted space compared to the old SmartThings app
Can you add the option to use bluetooth instead of wifi for those that do not have unlimited wifi. Please update this app with that option. Thanks.
Mehr überfüssige apps bitte damit mein ram speicher noch mehr leidet
Since the update I can't get past the legal privacy policy page before the app crashes out
"Could not connect. Try again later." Also, crashy.
Try to connect with my new samsung smart n5370 tv but does not connect properly not satisfied with these app
Useful and straightforward. Many improvements made so its better than ever
Didnt care that it was on my phone actually kinda wanted to delete it
The sign in button doesn't even work.
Have problems with controlling my smart samsung tv, the tv is not responding to thr actions i do in smartthings app
Stopped connecting to my vacuum with Android pie update
Don't need it and it asks for too many permissions. Can't uninstall or disable. Crapware!
It crashes every time i try to control my fridge
Won't connect with my Sony 4K UHD Upscale.
My remote doesn't always work. Tells me my tv is off when on...
Refresh for Zwave Schlage lock does not work
Bought a new Samsung Powerbot and when I select the vacuum it says it can't download the controller app.
It's just awesome specially if u re using Samsung's latest released phones and gadgets.Sorry for those who re rating it low just because they're using Google pixel,lg,huawei etc.....its like connecting a Nokia 3310 to bluetooth, obviously there will be some pros,I also hv an lg bluetooth speakers n it doesn't work as smooth as the Samsung sound bar I hv so please don't under rate it because it's the same thing happening to the other companies,it doesn't fit always.
Doesnt support hitachi smart tvs :(
Super glitchy on the tv integration.
Dumb things not smart things.
Absolutely great android app from Samsung. Loved it's quick sync even with my Sony Bravia smart LED tv.
I can not use my bluetooth all week n it's frustrating wth
Keeps shutting down and slowing my phone down
Cant remove it and it wants my personnal information. Seem shady to you?
The remote of series 7 55nu7300 couldn't be downloaded Tried many times
Keep battling to connect to my smart tv, one day it works next day it doesn't?!
I don't use this.I want to disable or uninstall.
Can't install on a Nexus 10 running Android 5.1.1 Please fix this, as this is my tablet used for SmartThings.
I can't get most of my devices to connect with the new app.
b'It works on my Samsung TV excellent, in my car it is good everything seems to be ok at the moment, nice work ????'
Don't need it and dont want it. But thanks to Samsung's user "friendly" policies I can't get rid of it.
It will help you for a lot of thing. I recommend it
Buggy software that crashes and does't work
The app is nice ...but the last update just broke it ...I can no longer play my TV sounds on the phone ....please fix it
Love the apps ability to connect to everything samsung, but the last update broke my phones ability to connect to my TV.
You can't connect to a Phillips Hue bridge.
More Samsung bloat. Please let us delete it
I don't want this rubbish.
At least provide disable option
I absolutely like this app, I just got a new smart TV and wow it's highly recommended.
App is working but there's nowhere I can change the Fahrenheit to celcius
This apl work in miracast, but why i can't morroring with wifi direct in my android TV Box? but overoll is good.
wait until the company makes the corrections that are needed and install it after the improvements are made
I have not a clue WHAT this app is for.
Very useful! Switch between all your paired devices. Excellent!
It works with my TV
Used to be trash, but they fixed it and it's really useful now. Thanks!
It keeps not connecting to a TV of the same brand
Can't download device controller.
Hate that it can't be disabled
It's greeeeeeat
Could use back button and enter button
Samsung needs to sort out the difference between this app and the classic app.
Cant control my samsung TV even i switched on
It works when it wants too sort it out please
Used to be good but the update has the app frozen on "trying to update" my Samsung account.
It's ok
Not enough options on washer machines
Loses connection constantly
It is not coneting to my TV
Cant turn on tv with this. Model is UA55JU6600
Awesome App. Works perfectly on my Samsung Note 8. Can't wait to buy more Samsung home appliances
I would like to get update for the ps4 controller to be faster and work perfact
It's great when it works but only works half the time. Think it's more hardware.
Haven't explored it yet, but I like the added control and the more complete interface
Doesn't work
It can cast pics from my phone to the TV so good..
Want to uninstall it.
Old version was better. The new update removed the "View TV on phone" option
Needs more controls
Sometimes not working
Connects well with devices
To many aps
Definitely improved. Works well juggling multiple headphones
Works great for sending goatse images to my son's XBOX & neighbours TV
No Issues. Works great and fast. I use this for my Samsung 32 STV
Probably samsungs nicest app but music control is poor
Should be able to uninstall. No use to me.
Great app easy to use, seamless with Samsung TVs
Handy. It does what I need it to
Super
Easy to set up and awsome to work
You are doing a good job Samsung
Samsung has done it again! Awesome!
VERY PROFESSIONAL
Turn your tech into best friends.
It's good but sometime it bugs out
Won't work properly with uconnect
Love it! Eazy set up and use
Ok
Intrusion software
It's made life a lot easier
Perfect as always Samsung!!!
Its gust perfect!!!!
Lovely and cool
Very nice
It's great !!!
Very nice app
Great!
Amazing I love it
Hope it works fine
Idk
Super
Lile it
YEAHMAD
Gd
b'\xd9\x85\xd9\x85\xd8\xaa\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2'
Usfuel
i love it,
I love it!!!!
b'Hard at work ??'
b'Amazing ??'
Useful app.
Great app
Very convenient!!!!
Well done
Nice app
Hi Hi
Good app.
It's nice
Love it
Nice
Great
b'??'
good
Good
Great
Great
b'Thumbs up ????????'
Good luck
Nice to have
Nice work
Great spot
great stability
Good app
horible
Junky
Useless
Awesome
Best
Great
Great
Great
Great
Great
Nice ;)
Love
Excellent
Nice
Good
Amazing
Nice
Good
Good
Fabulous
Good
Good
Good
excelent
Its a very nice app to control your Smart SAMSUNG appliances.
b'??????DOES NOT REQUIRE ACCESS TO "DEVICE ID"!! ??????EXCESSIVE PERMISSIONS & VIOLATES YOUR PRIVACY!!!??????????????????????'
Wow
I wish I could give it no stars as this app that was forced on us by Samsung is nothing but spyware. All apps should be able to disable or delete! If not they should not be an app nor should they be in Google Play Store. I want to have the best android phone but I will not be bullied nor will I let Samsung spy on me. Bottom line if this is not fixed to at least disable it I will be in search for a different phone as I am sure other people will be too! Allow or Deny when you are searching,talking,or texting no I do not want to play that game.
Ever since this app was forced on me i can't just stream video content straight to my tv it will only mirror screen which results in poorer quality picture so whats the point of having my galaxy s7 and uhd tv? Smart connect app was much better, no messing about just a direct stream to tv via wifi as soon as you start video. I don't have any other samsung smart devices so i don't need or want this app. Let me choose to use the old smart connect instead. . I'm currently better using my Chromecast again!!!
I'm trying to work this to control my Samsung 50 through Alexa. App is loaded and smart skill is added to Alexa. While the app itself will work once you manually turn on the TV, it does not allow control via Alexa. It seems I have nothing but frustration with anything connected to Samsung. If Samsung wants to help change my mind, contact me. I suspect I'll get the same answer I'm getting with my S8+ phone. "We are aware of the issue and hope to correct it in the future. "
Unfortunately I was forced to migrate my Smartthings over to this. Instead of being a nice smooth process, your have to jump through hoops and in the process it word out my hub, my devices and all my automation. Now I have to submit a support ticket to be able to link my hub as it was already linked with the old app. A factory reset should fix it except I no longer have the paper code from when it was purchased two years ago. Update 7/30/18: Chelsea, unfortunately when my app migrate, it also wired out all my devices on the classic app. I have since been able to recover my hub and add back most of my devices. However, as they were never properly removed, I have had to reset/force exclude them. I have only been successful resetting one of my Sylvania lightify bulbs. Interestingly enough, when I was able to reconnect them using the new app, they again showed up in the classic app.
First off, Samsung did a force install of this app. Since then my phone randomly freezes while smart things crashes. 15 sec later I can use my phone again. Also, apparently I cant answer my phone when I get a call while I'm using another app because smart things needs to crash. This app is worthless. I dont have any other device to use it with, I'm forced to have it, and it crashes and freezes my phone many times a day. Please, please, please give me a way to uninstall it.
Doesn't work half of the time! Its so horrible ! Even "Contact Us" section in the app wont work! There is a option "Call Customer care" and it redirects to a page, which says there is no customer care number for this service!! What the hell! Then why would you even have that section in the app! Cant connect my tv! And the app doesnt even let me report the issue! I keep getting regular app updates! Not sure what sort of patches you are realising! Every update, something stops working! App is soo buggy!
Forced on me by Samsung, along with a lot of other bloatware I don't want and which slows my 'phone down and fills up the storage and memory. Stop forcing this stuff on us, Samsung, or you'll lose my business for good. I'm out of contract now so it could be time to root my 'phone and seriously consider my future as a Samsung customer. My 'phone has recently begun badly overheating and I'm not sure the ever expanding quantity of Samsung/Google bloatware isn't a significant factor in that.
Often forgets paired TVs, replacing them with "Unknown". Often resets your device dashboard to have all devices hidden, yet leaves phantom versions of the previously enabled devices behind with no way to remove them aside from clearing the apps data. If only one device is found when searching for mirroring devices, it will auto connect to that device with no warning. This is an all around horrible app. Tested on both a S8+ and 2 different Tab S3 tablets.
There needs to be a 1 tap option to connect a device already paired. As it stands now, it's a swipe down to show smart things, then a tap to open then a tap to open devices tab then a tap to connect device. That's is beyond annoying. Also, get a dark theme, the bright white background is a huge strain on the eyes at night.
This app needs work. UX/UI is inconsistent, and it doesn't appear that anyone thought holistically about what the app should do, or what the users experience should be like. In some ways has less functionality that the app it replaces. In addition, the app has lately been randomlydeleting my user-created automations. That's not acceptable.
I would have liked the app if it could provide me with a cohesive and integrated solution to stream. I have multiple DLNA (and perhaps a few Airplay) sound boxes and what I want is the ability to stream any sound that my phone generates, like music from My Galaxy, Gaana, Youtube etc. This is one major problem since nowadays, people don't keep mp3 songs on their devices!
I want rid of this sick of it. Sick to death of paying for expensive items and finding that i have apps i do not want that are using the data and broadband that i pay for is being used by companies to collect data so tjat they can make money. Its my phone i paid for it i should have the choice. And not have apps forced on me. Or fir that natter be forced to go through google apps. Google play or google anything. We are forced to have accoints with organisations that profiteer using connection services i pay for. I am writing to EU. To tequest they investigate samsung and its forcing apps onto consumers. And to investigate its association witj google.
I own no other Samsung or "smart" objects and so I've never once opened this app, yet I get a message telling me it has crashed every few hours. Can't delete our disable it. Please either fix this app so it at least doesn't bother me, or let me delete it. Sure speaks to the level of commitment Samsung devotes to their software. Lots of little things like this make me want to consider other brands when this phone finally dies.
keep getting updates and it just wastes space on my tablet....i dont want this waste of memory space,, how do i stop these updates and remove it? i dont want to tap on the menu...i just want this off my table. how do you remove this? its just taking up space on my tablet! i dont use this app, i just want to remove it but seemz tl be samsung bloatware. next tablet will be huawei. at least they a.low you to remove all the unused apps which just take up memory
This app must run in the background because it's making my phone freeze up even when receiving phone calls. I just started having issues with my phone taking forever to charge and eating up the battery extremely fast. Wonder if its this app because I removed all newly added ones and I still have the issue. I see I can't disable or uninstall it. Have always been a Samsung user but maybe its times to switch to an Iphone. Too much of the phones memory is taken up with needless apps.
Really buggy: I've wasted a day trying to get my Robot vacuum to stay connected to the thing. It seems entirely arbitrary when it doesn't want it doesn't. I took majority the time I cannot connect. This apparently is a known issues in this been going on since 2016. I'm using a Samsung phone as well, so I don't think we can really blame compatibility issues. Have submitted a bug report, have yet to hear back from anybody. I think I'm going to return this thing.
I do have Samsung tv, fridge and washing machine but none required this app. I disabled it but somehow it manage to prompt to install and so I no choice but to enable it and doom .... it can't be disabled. I don't even use it. Why force us have it ? Just like I stop using Facebook but it is struck with me. Weird. Can't u just give us the option to purge it for good? If I need I will seek under the play store. Please consider !! Thank u.
Was forced to migrate from classic smarthings app to this useless app. Most times it fails to recognize let apart control devices which were working seamlessly with the classic smartthings app. How is this better? Certainly not for the customers. I think its just a big corp. forcing only samsung devices to work with the hub in the future. Thanks Chelsea (from Smartthings). This is my concern... Was forced to migrate from classic smarthings app to this useless app. Most times it fails to recognize let apart control devices which were working seamlessly with the classic smartthings app. How is this better? Certainly not for the customers. I think its just a big corp. forcing samsung-only devices to work with the hub in the future.
It used to let me connect to my Tv. Then one day for no reason (app hadn't updated yet) it decided to not let me mirror my phone screen to the TV. Now it says I can only connect to my tv if I have both devices connected to the same wifi. I do not and have never had wifi, and they connected before. Samsung is just finding ways to control everything. Kind of unfair to change things now.
All I wanted to do is transfer a few files between tablets of the same model. Instead, I have a piece of bloat that wants to take control of my home. Samsung - find a f**king clue from somewhere. You badly need one.
The Smartthings Lights automation program with the Connect Home Pro are buggy. I can't set turning lights on when it detects someone arrives (arrival sensor) between sunset and sunrise. Error message "Network error...try again" shows up everytime after I hit DONE to save the program. The Smartthings Classic app and the Hub V2 have no problem setting this program. Please fix it.
Honestly after the update my TV no longer connects to the phone anf the app only works when it wants to. It's gotten to the point where I would have literally broken my phone out of frustration. I would not recommend getting this app no matter what it promises
It's clearly labelled that it may not be optimized for tablets, and that's spectacularly true. It appears to only work in Portrait mode, so don't try to use it on a Samsung tablet that is connected to a Samsung keyboard. It does need WAY too many permissions: browsing history? phone numbers that you've called? "Hi, we want to know everything you've searched for, and who you talk to...and...and..." Samsung replied that you can turn off permissions, but this isn't quite true. You can turn them off, but then the App will not run. You MUST allow it to access Contacts and Media. One star due to the bogus reply.
Don't need this app as I do not have any smart devices. It is taking up way too much memory, it is crashing my other apps when I using them, and it is draining my battery. Would love uninstall it but Samsung does not allow that. Funny I need a new phone and I am seriously considering leaving Samsung after using their products for 10 years.
Older version only one to use with smartthings hub but connect auto (forced) installed on galaxy and linked to account. Samsung don't talk internally clearly or don't care. Some devices appear fine in the old app but not this one! This in turn seems to break alexa integration for those devices. Poor show Samsung. Fix the fundamentals please or as seems to be the consensus delete this terrible, invasive ans destructive app! Oh and waste of time contacting support it seems. Latest update seems to have broken harmony integrations in a further round of damage. Anyone recommend an alternative to smartthings?
Since the last update, I'm unable to connect my phone to soundbar (both are Samsung products). When I add the soundbar to this app, the option to change the source is greyed out. I've had this issue previously but re-adding the soundbar to the app would solve it. However, it's not working anymore, which is really disappointing.
I bought my TV so that I can have the Samsung ambient mode photo frame On when the TV is off. This app does not give me the option to put a single photo into a single frame, it puts the photos on a photo multi picture photo board with the current day and date on it ----- not what I wanted.
I do not have any other samsung devices so this app is completely useless to me. And it continuously crashes, freezing up/slowing down my phone. I wish i could remove it. Its annoying
I used to be able to play the saved videos/movies from my phone to the tv & now suddenly that option is gone. This app can do so much, but not this anymore. They could of at least kept that feature. I honestly have no use for this app. I wish I could delete it. The option to play your TV screen on the phone doesnt work. Once its connected, its just a black screen on the phone.
Requires access to Contacts. I know it's unfair to rate only based on that. The issue is that it is preinstalled and on the very first screen it asks for Contacts permission and exits if not giving them. You should be able to ask for them on need basis instead.
Continually gives error messages almost as annoying as popup ads. Since updating, it can no longer connect to my car bluetooth. Now I need a separate bluetooth app taking more space on my phone to do basic functions this mandatory app should be doing - LIKE CONNECT TO MY CAR. Why can't it be deleted without bombarding the phone with so many error messages it essentially coerces you to keep it? Does anybody test these things? What about people who don't have a ton of smart devices? Don't need our business anymore? Just creates more steps for basic tasks that used to be automatic. UNSMART. Moving to pixel phone next renewal. Rubbish.
I dont want this damn app. I didn't ask for it yet I cant delete it. And ever since it was forced on me, my battery won't hold a charge. AND the damn app crashes every 20 minutes. If you are going to shove a app down my throat at least put it through quality assurance first
Updated: the app is getting better. There is more organization and the layout is getting more intuitive. There needs to be a way to list by room, device type, alphabetical, etc. Still not recognizing simulated switches. Smart App access is a big step up. Still not a replacement for Classic yet.
Huge useless app which can't be uninstalled or deactivated if your phone is not rooted. Even if I had smart home devices I wouldn't use closed-source software for controlling them.
Bought a samsung robot vacuume, unfortunately it requires that I install this spyware app to run it... There is absolutely no reason why it should require access to my contacts (I am a developer). Samsung, fix your permissions settings!
I also would give it zero stars if I had that option. Why is this app native to my GS7? Why do I not have the option to disable or remove it? I have no devices that can be controlled by this app. Unless SmartThings is required by the Android OS in order for the phone to operate, there is no reason NOT to make it optional to have it. Since I know it is a Samsung-specific thing and not from Google, the app has nothing to do with the OS. It's the most useless app on my phone, yet it launches in the background without my knowledge, and uses resources that would better utilized elsewhere. I had to disable any extraneous (although required by the app) permissions, which means it's inherently insecure. I know later models in the Galaxy S line allow the user to remove it, but this has left such a bad taste in my mouth that I absolutely will NOT buy another Samsung phone.
My experience with samsung smart tv is horrible. Remote control works one time than doesnt work at all. Very random. Mirror the phone or tv is fine. Useless app. Had to pair and repair to tv several times with no stable results.
I used to be able to view my phone on the telly but now I can't after the latest update, so that's a bit rubbish! Update: the update had turned screen mirroring off. Eventually I found how to turn it back on
This app is good, but control or casting screen so much laggy. Its not playing the contents smoothly. When im conect to my samrt sony bravia tv. It connects very easily. But playing video's and image its make very laggy. Feels lojam with software.. SAMSUNG PLZ UPGRADE YOUR SOFTWAE FIX THE LAG PROBLEM.
Search features don't span across all apps. Very clunky interface, extremely convoluted to use. Been a long time samsung loyalist, but Apple's product in the smart TV department far exceed this
Poorly made, clunky app. Not sure why there's an option to setup the tv which completely erases your existing settings. Also, the remote menu should be easier to get to
Provides no benefit to me. Crashes constantly. Cannot uninstall or disable. Needs far to much access to private information. I do not want to send my browsing history to anyone!
This thing is amazing.. control my tv speakers washing machine.. only thing is that there should be more actions which could be done through the app. It has necessary actions but still more actions would be better. Also there should be a list of samsung devices with which we can control these devices. Like specifically mentioned.
After months of waiting, this app finally supports smart AC. BUT...! When i try to login to my samsung account, it opens a login page and doesnt do anything else. I enter correct login info (triple checked), hit login and nothing happens. I tried 4 diffefent browsers, including samsung browser. This stupid app is the WORST! I have constant problems with it, one after another! Samsung, I will NEVER buy anything from you again. If i knew samsung air condition has this bad support, I would go for LG or Daikin instead. Now im stuck with a product that cant do everything as advertised, due to buggy app. Oh btw, samsung helpdesk was of no help at all. As expected.
1. Spyware behavior: It exits or loops-log-out if you don't allow access to your contacts - why can it not function without access to my contacts? This is not necessary to control my devices. 2. It doesn't have all the features of the previous Smart Things apps like: widgets, temp adjustments, history of actions for anything.
This app automatically downloaded when i did an update. Wish I would have the option to uninstall it or disable it. I don't have anything in my home that this app is useful for and I don't plan on getting anything anytime soon. There needs to be an option to get rid of it.
Can't uninstall or even disable. I DO NOT want this app on my phone. I don't even have a smart TV. Requires permissions I don't want it to have. SERIOUSLY reconsidering buying another Samsung if nothing changes soon.
Hate it! A mirroring Samsung message App takes over your phones texts messages once you allow the "Permissions"!!! I can't understand why these certain access "Permissions" are required for a device control App in the 1st place...?? & once you've allowed them & have opened the App, a completely separate Samsung messaging App, almost identical to Facebook Messenger, automatically uploads to your phone & mirrors & duplicates every single text message you get now!!! It opens, pops up & duplicates every text message in its own little window-regardless if the app is open or not-near the top of your screen just like Facebook Messenger for every single text message you send or receive!!! It's a unbelievably annoying horrible feature and it's really hard to disable it!!
This app is horrible, I now have devices that will no longer connect automatically and some functions are disabled. I have to go through this worthless app. I can't delete the app as well. Update, called tech support, they could not do anything and stated they are still working on the ability to uninstall the app. Why was it forced on me to begin with?
This app does not work for my Samsung Triangle AC. It fails to add the device every time at the press the power button step. It just says an error has occured and the device could not be added. I expected much more from Samsung.
This app falls short of any usefulness, it won't even open my samsung smart tv because it says the tv needs to be open already, yet, youtube of all apps, will open it automatically, no problem. My Echo plus also understands I want to open the tv, but since the app is completely useless exept for closing the tv, I can never just have a clean and smooth experience. Terrible.
I have been using multiple SmartThings Hub for quite a while and I have numerous routines, devices, and automations and this new app fails miserably compared to the original SmartThings Classic. I can't even see all of my old routines. Are "scenes" completely different from routines? When I try to add a new scene, I can't even configure conditions, I can only have the scene perform actions. I also had custom integrations with my DSC Security System and now I get error messages when I try to view those devices in the app. Also, my Schlage Connect lock device doesn't work either and I can't lock/unlock the device. I get "Can't connect to device. Check device and try again" error message when I click on most of my devices. The overall user experience is also much worse in this new version of the SmartThings app (compared to the "SmartThings Classic"). I worry Samsung is ruining a good thing. I'm very sad about this. I think the development team is taking this product in a really bad direction.
terrible app. didn't want it. crashes about 50 times a day when I haven't even opened it . I don't use it or want it should be able to delete it . It is making me want to get rid of my Samsung for good so I can get away from their horrific bloatware
Bug Report: After a device in a dual audio (Bluetooth) session disconnects, it refuses to reconnect again. This is even after no other audio device is connected or in range of the phone. The only fix is to completely disable Bluetooth on the phone, turn off the audio device and then reconnect them. Somtimes even this does not work and requires repairing the device. I suspect this might also have something to do with absolute volume. This has happened with multiple devices but especially with Beats Wireless. This completely ruins the experience.
The app is decent enough, the layout is easy to navigate and use our Tv's within their functionality when on. Great when you have the TV on and misplaced the remote and need to control it. However, it would be good if you could turn on the TV with the app Rather than only when you cast to the screen with Smart view. It would also be great if it integrated better with IFTTT and Stringify better so you could run an action to turn on and set your TV to a particular setting.
Yet another spyware, Google should ban it from store. Why a smart device control app require access to location, contacts, photos and recording audio? Just disable the features using these and let me control my devices. Hi Ellen, adding to app store description doesn't justify these are required permissions. I don't want to transfer files, I don't want to connect Bluetooth or BLE devices, and requiring phone access to check for updates is a plain lie, other apps update happily without any of your required permissions. Make these permissions optional for people not using those features.
b"Don't understand why when I got rid of the update my phone kept telling me it had stopped and crashed out my phone and caused my phone to restart itself?? Once I got it updated again my phone is completely fine, doesn't make any impact by having it as I don't use the app just very inconvenient. Bloatware ????"
Not sure if it is the app or firmware update on my Samsung TV. My ks9500 TV is listed under supported devices. I cannot find it by device search and when I try to add it manually it asks me to update TV firmware. My TV is on latest 1220. It used to work on older version of app and or firmware. Come on Samsung fix this please it was working and no longer does. I am not alone issue is all over the forums.
Yet another forced unnecessary Samsung update that has stopped my phone working properly. After installing the smart things update I was no longer able to connect to any devices in my home such as TV, speakers etc. I have contacted Samsung twice for support and have had no reply.
I cannot use the radio with the home theatre with smart connect. When earphone is connected,either radio can be listen with earphone or mobile phone speaker. Solve the issue...
SST was alright before, but now that they want total control over what account your phone is logged into, what account you're logged into, you cannot manage your account or members online, and still to this day only works on mobile phones and not on tablets or laptops or online, I can't recommend it anymore. Other smart home devices are coming along that are compatible without being so demanding and limiting.
I can't understand why this must be a freaking app. Which arises 3 questions: Why should I give access to my contacts? 2- give access to my photos and gallery? 3- give access to record audio, will this allow you to record the voices in my room? I think we need some answers here
Presence can't unlock doors and I don't want to hear the security issue BS, if that's an issue make it a warning and still let us unlock. The classic app is capable and if I'm ever forced into this one I'll be searching for a new home automation company. Boooooooo Samsung
many steps back in usability and functionality from the previous app. What a bad software project this must have been to release something so unusable. Ditch this and stick with the classic app. Samsung has never written decent software ever.
Good idea and I would use it if it worked. Always tells me my TV is off and is very inconsistent, but most of the time will not pick it up.
I HATE SAMSUNG & THESE NO GOOD USELESS TO ME APPS!!!! THANKS FOR USING ALL MY DATA WITHOUT MY PERMISSION. YOU MAY HAVE MADE THIS PHONE BUT I AM THE ONE THAT PAYS FOR IT!!!!!! RIPOFF ARTISTS!!! I am so hurt & mad I can't beleive it.
I dont have a smart tv. My phone battery only lasts 2 hours. How can i disable this? Ty for retuening to me but i really dont understand why is this app setup as permanent one when it is useful for me. The app runs 24h in the background and i can not close or disable. I had enough of Android/samsung/google trying to obligate me to have apps in my phone (PAID BY ME) and will be changing my handset soon.
Incompatible with Huawei P10+ . After granting ridiculous app permissions, you still end up being directed to sign in with your Samsung Account. Problem? The sign in link directs me to a page that tells me that the Samsung Account page is optimized for specific browsers, including Chrome which is using. And that's it. You can't sign in to your Samsung Account. This means my Samsung Home Connect Pro mesh routers cannot be setup and configured, since they only work via this cloud app and have no web interface of their own. Renders the $1000 network into a paper weight. However, the issue is with the phone, not the app. Only concerns are with the app permissions and a lack of advanced options for the router.
The app won't start without access to my contacts or recording voice. Given that I am just trying to set up my smart-home hub, those shouldn't be necessary. Maybe to use certain features access to the mic is important, but I cannot imagine a situation where access to my contacts is required for basic functionality. Please explain.
It switches to 5 megapixel quality every time and an ad pops up in every move you make. If you do not pay, it is horrible. It is only about money and they want more and more...
Still completely pointless as far as I am concerned. It keeps crashing to add insult to injury. The positive reviews seem overdone. The sort an employee might write to ingratiate themselves to the management.
Very slow to control the lifx lights. Also when switching on... The light is on... The app still shows the light as off... And the wheel of infinity just keeps on spinning... You have to exit the app to actually see the changes when you open it again.. Very poor experience, very unresponsive and too many permissions to feel comfortable enough to use it...
Was forced to install this app, and yet it is worse in every way. The devises section is worthless compared to the smart things app. Why would you do this Samsung?!
A lot of the comments are obviously fake and honestly I dont know why this app is on my phone but it's not useful its useLESS it asked for way to many permissions and I dont want it on my phone. It's like a virus and I cant get rid of it. I tried to uninstall it but it won't let me.
The old app had its issues, but this one seems mo e stable. I can't get the automation to work though. The smart home monitor does not arm automatically and if you at your home to 'away' the monitor does not arm. It's frustrating having to set the modes manually.
Don't want this app but can't get rid of it. It's there every time I open my phone. It keeps saying I have to give it permission to access my contacts and location? Please give us a way of uninstalling this unwanted, intrusive app.
Shocking app. Before this I could screen mirror perfectly. Now it lags and I can't change the screen resolution. Truly terrible. I hope this gets fixed soon. Samsung s8 and Samsung 6 series 55" btw.
Found this pop up on my phone whilr watching youtube with bluetooth headphones, not sure what it was so stopped it and now youtube lags whenever i try to watch anything and the app gives me 'smart things has stopped working' errors often. Would like a disable option, I have zero use for this app, and even disabling it ad much as i can and force stopping it, then somehow after 5 seconds of youtube it restarts and crashes again forcing the video to lag again.
I don't like how there's no easy way to turn off and on. My cable remote doesn't work now that the app is connected with to the TV.
Ok, had a fit trying to find the correct app that would monitor my leak sensors. Once I did they were tested and reported immediately. One week later I was out and the system sent a text alert. We'd had a pipe bust in our condo. Called my wife to let her know and we had the water turned off in less than a minute. Saved my neighbors before thousands of dollars in repairs. Still had damage in my place but not nearly what it could've been. 10 Stars all Samsung devices.
Very slow to respond. Integration via Alexa seems to be quicker than in the native app. Combined with useage on the new range of Samsung Tv's is even slower. Come on Samsung make this work well.
Since this update the app gotten slower. The delay in this gotten worst..Showing lights on when they are off,or off when they turned on.. It is a waste money and effort... Samsung need to get it together.. I'm going back to wink..
Purchased a samsung hub and a few lifx full colour bulbs, after a week I'd done out the whole house and now have a 2nd hub in the garage full set in the house. Smart plugs on half the house and presence sensors for all the family. Find it very simple to use after a day of fiddling. Great tech heads kit. Only thing that could be improved is the animation setup, found that a little confusing.
Absolutely phenomenal, allows me to have control of the things that it has access to. I have taken a few courses on how to use SmartThings, and it is functioning perfectly. People complaining about this app, surely does not know what it is for and how to use it.
Absolutely useless bloatware. The app can not be uninstalled and cannot be disabled and services no useful purpose. I would rate it negative stars if there was such an option.
Terrible app with very limited usage. No WPS, no choice of SSID setup with specific frequency and speed, no QoS.
Just stop updating this app, please Samsung end this app waste of your time and money. Who ever had this idea of the app should of never had created this. What a disappointment! I'm not able to uninstall or even disable it what bad bloatware.
The update for the app on 7/17/18 deleted all activities and devices on the app. First it surprised me that the app got an update, we know Samsung is horrific when updating software, especially for phones. Secondly, why do I need to set everything up again? It was frustrating enough that the setup on the device is horrendous as it pushes you to use the Samsung browser then when you do that it redirects you to an error message that the browser you are using is not supported and either was Firefox. Going to go and have a nice chat with the person who recommended to me Smart things. Update 8.11.18. The app started working a day after the issue happened above. Now a few months later the issue has happened again. I'm on a Pixel 2 XL and just received the full upgrade for Android P. All of a sudden no decided connected. Obviously this had to do with Samsung's hatred of updating software. My wife who has a note 8 is just fine. Typical Samsung, and now I cannot use the app. I cannot even contact help through the app since it says it failed!
I dont need it. I haven't currently got any connected devices but I can't uninstall it and I think it keeps crashing my phone operating system , it's really annoying!
Causes major issues with Bluetooth connections. I'm constantly having to turn Bluetooth off and on plus force stopping SmartThings until I can get a stable connection. Please allow this app to be uninstalled if one has zero use for it.
Awful app. Wish I could uninstall it. Crashes my phone (galaxy s7) a thousand times a day. Fix this... or I will find another smart phone manufacturer. I won't be bullied.
This APP causes the camera on my Samsung Galaxy S6 to STOP working completely. To get the camera to work again I have to restart my device. I have to do this every single time after using this APP.
ALLOW US TO DELETE THIS! Samsung....seriously. I'm about to get a new non-Samsung phone over this craptastic app. I don't want it, I can't use it and it stops working" constantly.
Pointless unless we have other Wi-Fi able devices to control. At least give us the ability to disable it.
This is annoying app which Samsung has decided to force onto its users. It's just bloatware that wastes my phone's memory. Everything this app does Android Oreo can already do. Please allow us users to remove this annoying app.
Looks like it works faster than the other one, but can't connect to Garage Opener. So.forthat reason it is useless to me.
No value whatsoever! I will not be purchasing any more Samsung devices. Please, no more pandering responses! Just let me remove or disable this trash.
More crapware from Samsung. I'm tired of being forced to download inferior Samsung apps I don't want and will never use. And Samsung doesn't listen. Instead, they only provide the same canned response about the app. Hey Samsung - I know what this crappy app does and I don't want it. Listen to your customers.
The last month or so this app crashes all the time on my S7. The sad thing is that I don't use it. Continually get a popup that says"SmartThings" keeps stopping. Called Samsung to get assistance 3 times and nothing has helped. The last person mentioned to do a factory reset of the phone if nothing works. To bad you cannot delete the app. If I do a factory reset I will trade this in for an Apple phone and NEVER buy Samsung again.
I would appreciate it if the newer app focused more the on functionality that the classic app had. When integrating 3rd party devices, the classic app is fully capable of interacting with them while the newer app cripples, if not completely breaks functionality of community-added device support.
It's very simple, please allow people to uninstall apps they have no use for to free up resources. No number of people receive replies from you telling us you will "pass on our comments" surely by now it would have sunk in"
This app's user interface is not friendly. does not work well with my Google home. Very difficult to use.
Whats the point, it only connects to other Samsung products. If I didn't know any better, I'd say because of the restrictive nature of the App, it was made by Apple. I have a question to the samsung App designers, were you stoned when you thought this app was a good idea.
Can't disable this preinstalled app that came with my Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo. Now Google Play nags me constantly to update it. This kind of garbage is why people root their phones.
I understand you would have designed app for use with smart things. But Samsung not everyone use latest Samsung gadgets. At least have courtesy to give option to disable if not uninstall.
Bloatware just looking to collect your information - perfect setup for a hack. Oh, and cant remove app. Come on Samsung, you're better than this garbage
I don't even use this but Samsung forced installed it and it runs in the background on my phone, and crashes constantly slowing my phone down and causing error popups
I only have a Samsung phone no tv no refrigerator i don't need this app. It takes up bandwidth and processing . I am tired of having apps forced on me!
I just want to delete this worthless app please. 9 Jul 18, still can't delete this app which is of no use to me and taking up valuable storage space.
I JUST REALISED I CANNOT ADD A SMART HOME MONITOR MODE BASED ON A MEMBER'S LOCATION! THAT MAKES THE APP USELESS!
Completely Invasive! Won't Disable! Permissions Automatically return after removing!!! Don't install it... He has way too much privilege for what it does!!!! Samsung has hard-wired it to be always on and in always have its permissions even though it looks like you can turned them off!!!
This app is forced to all users and cannot be u ninstalled, this is simply illegal in EU ! cf. Current Google Android current suite.. Hence my 1 star rating.
Samsung stupidly named this the same as the real home automation SmartThings app. It can do none of the things the real app can do.
I cannot disable or uninstall it. It constantly crashes in the background when I don't even have it open. When I do open it to try and change the settings, it won't open. It just constantly crashes. Why has Samsung given me bloat ware?
Useless bloatware. Bought a set of Samsung smart appliances including the Family Hub refrigerator, and the app crashes every time I try to view inside. Also, app is so bad, that I can't even use the help/contact us feature to send a message to describe the issue. SmartThings = fail.
please add smart view feature... I badly want for my (A7 2016) ..
works only reason why this apk is not one of the best mirroring application is because some videos sturt abit when streaming cant stream video while in standby mode when the screen is of to save batterie wish samsung would change the apk to a more reliable user freindly stop with the terms bs of samsung terms or conditions on pruducts which do not apply not elegible to
Honestly, I'm done with smartthings. I was sent an email about 6 months ago saying that this new smartthings app is released and all my devices will be transferred over from the classic app. After this never happened I just did it my self. What a mistake, this one is even worse. The device list takes so long to show a visual update when the status changes like lock, unlock, on or off. I have to press it multiple times for it to work. I've had to clear the data and cache multiple times because my devices just disappeared. And somehow this doesn't even support custom smartapps. I had a few device handlers and smartapps in the classic version that enables you to have more control over your devices, open a up more features, and sets more custom rules like with the (core) piston. I've even paid for a few that I cant even use now. Why would you not even make this possible with this new version Samsung? This is pretty pathetic.
Please add the ability to uninstall this app. Not every user has a need for such things, and the lack of choice/control is irritating at best.
Tried using Apple home kit wouldn't work. Tried smart things and in less than 5 min I was controlling the TV and light and smart plug like a pro.
Can't connect either my refrigerator nor my dishwasher. Hangs at 48%. Not sure what the point of buying into the Samsung ecosystem is (all kitchen appliances, Galaxy Note 8, Samsung TV) if I can't even get them to connect
My account was migrated from smart things classic app, the migration was seamless but I lost my garage door relay, it's not working with this app. Looks like it's still work in progress.
This app is of great help when it comes to the remote. Screen mirroring does not last long. The remote feature is really a break through!
I hate that you can't get rid of it and it needs access to everything in your phone contacts, photos ect.
Absolutely horrible. Could not even download the controller needed to do anything, all I could do was to turn the tv on and off with nothing else.
No keyboard input for TV. I'm forced to use the smartphone app like a dumb remote. What's the point of the app supporting TVs then? Incoherent UI, the same item is added THREE times in different forms on the dashboard. Navigating to the remote takes more steps than necessary. The worst thing of all: ALL permissions need to be granted or else the app will close. This is the sleaziest, most lazy thing I've ever seen. Permissions should be granted on an as needed basis, which is how they are designed be Google. Seriously considering returning the TV due to extremely poor software experience. What can you do to fix this? Ditch Tizen and go with vanilla Android. No one like your sub-par, proprietary garbage.
This app does not recognize older TV models. It seems only works for newer wifi enabled devices. Waste of resources. Crappy app.
We have two Robot vacs upstairs and downstairs..well the app can't do two of the same product plus the does bugger all for control of the one vac anyway...should have learnt from Samsung Kies fiasco
Overall app is good but I'm many ways it doesn't deliver as promesed. As a replacement for smartthings classic it sucks. Doesn't support buttons or widgets that the old app did. Instead of pressing 1 button when I get home I need to manually adjust any devices I like to change. As an alarm the added feature of having a delay go off before is nice but the arm feature dosnt load on the home screen of the app 99% if the time. Usually bed so force kill the app and re open it before it will load. Also had the wifi hubs I'm this app and they are below average. You hace very little control over thirty settings and one or two are always disconnected even though they're only 15ft from the primary unit. Wish I could connect my samsung washer and dryer with aaddon integration but your need top of the line appliances can for that to work. Not as smart as is expect from Samsung.
Absolite garbage. Would uninstall if I could. Total losers created this. Good job. IPhones looking better than ever.
Doesn't sync with schlage connect for remote access. I spent $ 200 for the lock, then $90 for the HUB plus my time. What a waste . Sucks !!
Good looks don't make for the broken features. TV remote broken, can not download...but it does get fixed eventualky
Bloatware. Does absolutely nothing but take storage space and RAM. Cannot be uninstalled.
Artik cloud devices work fine in SmartThings classic app, but do not work in this version. What happened? Will this be fixed?
Over a week ago, all my smart devices and smart lights disappeared, and no amount of rebooting, reinstalling, or logging out and logging back in will fix it. I opened the app and got a pop-up that said "Failed," and all my carefully set up routines and scenes and devices were gone. I can't use the in-app features to contact help, call support, or email support, because all of those fail too! My household has someone who needs smart lights due to a disability, and luckily for us we have a functional Google Home, because without the Assistant we would have been unable to turn on or off our lights for over a week! Fix your problems before releasing updated visuals and new features, Samsung! Just because I own a competitor's phone shouldn't mean your other products stop working. This new version of SmartThings has been nothing but terrible since they unnecessarily deprecated the last version, when it worked perfectly well. Looking for alternatives now.
More bloatware. ALL Samsung bloatware should be optional - just like APPS from ethical developers are optional. Clean up your act, Samsung.
Have no use for this app at all but cannot delete it, not a good thing! Please make this app delete-able!
Smartthings sometimes connects to my Samsung tv but then only screen mirroring works and can't control anything else on the tv. Won't connect to my roku either. I prefer the quick connect on the older Samsung which worked very easily and just fine.
When using remote from Samsung 8 phone, constantly states "server error" or freezes up when tv is ON & one pushes ANY button on remote it states, "can only use this button when tv is on"...remote on phone is useless. Annoying, Annoying, Annoying
Complete waste of time. Keeps crashing causing my phone to freeze and I've never opened the app! Wish I could uninstall it.
Doesn't work well with my Q9FN and the flagship soundbar Hw-k950/za doesn't work at all. Also can not figure out how to delete duplicates of a device. My uhd blueray player doesn't connect either.
Didn't ask for it, don't want it, can't get rid of it. Intrusive and annoying. Turned off all permisdipnsvand notifications so hopefully won't see it again.
Broken. Can't see my hub anymore. Location on. Just decided to disappear. Always was much slower to than the classic SmartThings app, so I just went to that.
Your app now wants access to my microphone, camera, contacts, gallery. All without an explanation. Sounds shady. Poor marketing.
Can't setup at all with home router, worked fine in smartphone app. Useless.... @ Ellen, still useless, not solved at all
I don't know why but I can't turn my tv's volume up or down and I can't even turn it on or off with SmartThings this is really bad
One big useless app ×÷##$=$$$. Though there is a provision for uninstall, no way you can uninstall this app
This app likes to say "failed" with no indication of why or what is wrong. It won't register my hub, and therefore no other devices - they all need the hub!!!
Worst app ever. Doesn't work, just freezes, very disappointed I can't use with my brand new tv.
I want it deleted! And the so many apps forced on us deleted too! Otherwise i wont hesitate moving on to Apple!!! This is what i gt for being a loyal fan of samsung! Samsung "The New ISIS" ??!!!
Every time I go to use the app to control the TV, I have to go through the setup process and "get permission" and setup again. It's already been set up, why can't I just open the app, and click on my TV icon and have a remote control for my TV open up. So simple, yet so annoying. And it's a new Samsung TV along with a new Samsung S9+, yet they can't easily communicate with one another. Fix it.
b'You previously were able to control the TV from outside of your network. What happened? Thanks for the reply but you were able to control the TV from outside the network. Egon Mobile data. Feature has been removed ??'
Another piece of shovelware taking up space on my kid's tablet. Go away!
No uninstall option? No thanks. Edit - giving a negative review of this app elicites an anodyne, generic response.
Never works. Can't control any of my smart products through this app. I have to use the products downloaded app
Yet more bloatware, thank you Samsung for filling our phones with software we don't want
I cant connect my Air Samsung Room A/V AR18KSW I bought it in Argentina, and it didnt allow me to register the product to use the air functions
Needs my contacts to switch audio outputs? This app provides basic functions that the phone should supply wo access to private info. One star.
Just wanted to control my Samsung TV, but app required too many permissions to even launch. Contacts should be an optional permission for certain features, my contacts are none of your business. Exactly why is location service required for Bluetooth connections? Either Bluetooth device are in range or they aren't, my phone's location is irrelevant.
I really havnt had the chance to use it with different components yet. But so far its bin good..
I'm not able even to display a photo from my gallery.. it does only screen mirroring
The old version was easier to use and my devices would automatically connect when I was close. This one I have to go into the app and connect to each one and it's not finding half of my devices.
It doesn't work in samsung A8 plus..nothing is shown in App.. help me.... if samsung provide good service
I have two Samsung Tv's in my home, these both appear on my Phone as [TV] LT32E390S, it would be good If you could re-name them on your phone to say Lounge TV and Bedroom TV. Which would help when selecting the device.
Spy Bloatware. Too many permissions required and no way to uninstall.
I try to connect my android to my TV it's been a nightmare Usually takes 30 seconds now stop working called and they said only work on schedule time? stupid app
touch input not recognized on my device. Probably going with wink for next hub
This app is a bit quirky but works well enough to keep using. Not sure what could be improved though.
I would like to hide my Samsung smartwatch from the SmartThings persistent notification, but it keeps reappearing at each new connection with the smartwatch, even though I turned off the notification for this device.
BLoatware. Don't want it, it won't stop asking to be updated, it won't leave me alone.
Worked great until new release. Now it opens checks devices and locks up.
I would have rated this app higher except the app shuts down and disconnects from my tv ! The stream from netflix is ok and continues but the conection from my phone breaks down. Is there an update on this version because its a pain and a disappointment to have to reconnect every time watching a movie.
I don't need this app but Samsung forces me to have it on my device. Eats up memory that I could use for a useful app.
Didn't ask for it, don't want it, consumes many resources, hard to impossible to uninstall. F* this
Demands access to my contacts or won't start. This is unnecessary, why does a smarthome app need access to my contacts? Even if it has optional features that use them, shutting down the whole app when I deny access to my contacts is unnecessary and user hostile.
It no longer works with my S9 and 2 tvs. You have broken it
My phone wont connect to my tv anymore since i got this app. Very frustrating. Disappointed
Horrid, doesn't do anything useful unless you're fully invested in non-tablet Samsung devices. Updated frequently and cannot be deleted. It convinced me that I never want to buy another piece of Samsung electronics.
For something called Smartthings it's not very smart. You cannot, for example, create an automation that goes: If a contact is open then wait 15 seconds before notifying me. It's either an instant notification or nothing.
This app needs a lot of work and clean up. Why do I need an internet connection to manage my smart router?
The app can't find my TV which has been setup and added. Always server connection error. The thing that worked when it did was the remote, which was pointless. I can't even type from my phone, gotta use the remote to type. So far very pointless app.
Make sure you improve the ambient mode and also add feature to put full picture as wallpaper instead of having just small place for picture and rest unused space,
i am mot able to connect with my samsung tv it is always saying it is not able to download the controller, appreciate if someone help me to aolve the problem
The Samsung Connect hardware is quite good and very easy to set up. Parts of the app are not intuitive.
I don't get it, it's been months and still now way to migrate from smartthings classic. It's like they aren't even the same company
I want to play audio on tv by connecting through bluetooth. When I connect to tv via smart view which uses wifi sometimes it just stop playing and says the tv is not responding. So I just wanna connect with bluetooth and it won't be interrupted.
While this works with Roku it does not work with Samsung Blu-Ray players. I think ether 2 or 3 Gens that came out in 2012 and 2013.
I don't enjoy having forced garbage bloatware on my device.
It's a solid app however there is a little confusion of which version I should be using. And for some reason my 8500 series television isn't connecting.
Not wanted app, impossible to uninstall on Samsung device, app requires way too much permissions, and permissions can't be edited as the app does not show itself in a list between other apps. These enforced apps are reason to reconsider purchase of Samsung device next time for me.
Can't access my SmartThings hub. This is a waste. I'm not going to pair everything again. Uninstalling.
Ok I guess, but I don't want it so I would like it removed.
Impossible to download a controller for my new range on a Pixel 2 with Android 9.0.
I liked the app until it stopped working with Android 9.0. Time to track down my TV's physical remote, I guess.
Makes things really easy to connect all other Samsung products together. I regularly use this to send what's on my TV to my tablet when cooking. Marvellous!!
Absolutley rubbish that's a waste of time trying to figure out its purpose.
I dont get what this app is supposed to do i tried using it with my Samsung tvs but need to be on same network and first need to turn on tv with tv remote... makes the app useless...
Stopped working after installing Android Pie. Can't get it to work. Was really only to use it once and has not worked since. "Downloading controller fails" has become the message that I get......
I hate this app it's nothing but junk it freezes up all the time never wants to work I was fine with my Smart View app but once this app was forced on my phone with an update it's been nothing but a nightmare!!!!
The main reason I invested in this was for my door locks, it used to work but now it's always disconnected... Now there is no point... Kmt
Very often I'm not able to connect to my tv, even though both my phone and my tv are connected to the same WiFi network
Worst APP forever, doesn't work and Samsung support it's worst
Wants me to install Samsung browser to sign in to Samsung account just to control my Samsung tv.
it doesnt download the remote controller for my samsung 7 series smart tv ..so i cant even use the actual features...
In the begining it was working, but now screen mirror is absolutly broke down, i don't know what's wrong with this app.
Don't want the app , but it updates every time. I have to many apps I don't want but they keep updating .
App doesn't allow you to remove a device from main dashboard when you no longer own the device. Otherwise, works as expected.
this app is not workin on N7100 smart tv so i do t understand its use.I tried customer care but they were not able to help either.
When trying to pick episodes of my shows to watch it shows them in the wrong order and then plays them in no particular order so pointless. Been like this for years
This app is horrible. Read the other reviews. They are true
Keeps crashing my phone and I don't use it or want it
This app is not easy to use. It does not do much.
Please help us your valuable customers uninstall this & other bloatware installed by Samsung. We don't need this.
App simply sucks and not allow the cast my mobile on brand new Samsung 4k TV.
May as well be Russian or Chinese spyware. Should be outlawed by authorities.
Stop forcing users to install or update this junk app.
It doesn't work with my appliances. 90% of the time doesn't recognize my washer. Waste of app, waste of space on my phone.
Allow people to get rid of your crappy useless app SAMSUNG
It constantly has new update . And has an access to everything in the phone and ability to change settings of apps, WiFi, bluetooth, e.t. ... and there is no way I can restrict its control.
Hi, l was using this app for long time with no trouble but some day it could not connected with my tv and I do any things you think for example I reset my Samsung tv or reset my Samsung galaxy s7 but it didn't work Please help me directly.
All i wanted was to play a video via chromecast. It can connect my phone to my 2008 Toyota (from across the street) but cannot even find my Samsung television (even when i held my phone against the screen).
The app all way disconnected from the device and I had to keep re-instaling the app all the time
My son dunked our smart remote in water, and it would take 2 weeks to get a replacement. Thank God for this app. I can control my TV until then!
Can't connect to Samsung Air Conditioner. Also it didnt download the device control for smart tv.
It made my whole phone super slow!
The app still needs improvement to match the old smartthings app, sadly when I merged my accounts the old app broke, no devices etc. I quite like this app but I needs all compatible devices added to the list (missing 2 or 3 cameras etc), and the ability to modify device parameters needs adding too.
Unnecessary bloatware on my phone that can't be removed
I have no use for this app and would like to remove it but I'm not allowed!
I have to recreate all my scenes. I will keep using the old classic app
No good for me as i have NO wifi or bluetooth samsung appliances in my home
Has lots of trouble controlling a Samsung TV. Needs to be restarted often, locks or crashes.
I would like the ability to either remove or limit this app on my device but, I can't. I have no use for it.
Not really easier than just grabbing a remote and the other gadgets just seem proprietary
Simply does not work, one and only time it connected it froze my phone.
Samsung bloatware is why my next phone won't be Samsung
Notifications only work periodically, then stop working until the app is opened
Update wont allow hub to connect with Android. Spent significant time with customer support only to be informed their developers will have to update app at some point in the future.
after update, the phone mirroring to sumsang tv function fail to work
Another forced product taking valuable memory space. Never works properly.
Ok concept. Can't get my Philips Hue lights to connect. Very disappointing.
To complicated, a lot of button pushing to get where you wanna go.
Set up is too confusing and takes a long time by trial and error.
Doesn't work at all and is horrible and confusing to use.
Why create an app that's TOTALLY useless and harms the phone???
Random disconnections. Missing google music. Is very restrictive.
Just started using it for our new UHD TV. SO FAR SO GOOD. Easy to use.
Probably the most intuitive smart app. In that sense the best. Reasonably powerful due to ability to customize code from web interface, and a lot of direct compatibility with most smart house products.
It sometimes auto disconnects the devices. You need to configure the connection between your phone and the TV that means. You need to search for the Bravia everytime you turn on the app and then initiate the whole connection process. I don't know why this app doesn't save the already connected devices.
Only problem is when I want to hear something on my phone, the speakers in my room plays.
Another bogus system app that wont go away
Got the kit because it was on sale for $20. It's redneck approved, Kyle at Samsung helped me set up the hub.
Can't figure out how to edit a light name after it's connected
Frequently crashes and cannot do anything useful
Voice wakeup not good works randomly
Worst can't. Even connect to my tv
BIEN!! YA SE PUEDE APAGAR EL MOLESTO PANEL Y LAS MOLESTAS NOTIFICACIONES
Using this app on Samsung Galaxy S7 and I have a Samsung (series 6) 55 inch tv. App works great and the remote feature is very handy.
Aspects kick ass. Other uses I'm not smart enough to know
Need to be able to add more devices because the average person doesn't have access or doesn't own most smart things that go with this app
Cannot add devices from this app. Scans but doesnt find any. Classic app still adds devices with no problem.
I was able to connect my tv to my phone this morning, it won't do it now. I've tried everything.
Bluetooth doesn't connect to anything automatically anymore
This doesn't work on my Samsung split type air conditioner. Works with many appliances but not air conditioners. What gives?
Never seems to pick up the actual devices you want it to
Please allow users to remove or disable apps they do not want.
Don't like it. Don't need it. Can't remove it. Stinks!
App does not always recognise devices it's connected to
Lacks Routines on the Automation tab. They are available in the Classic App.
Requires too many permissions it doesn't need probably to collect personal information.
Ok app. Make sure you update or it won't work at all. Also it doesn't automatically update. Soooooo that's a thing....
Connects once then drops for no reason. Disappointed
Connected TV, turned on app, said TV needs be on for remote control to work. TV was on.???
I was told I won Samsung galaxy s9 via the Samsung contest 100 Samsung user was selected. I was as to pay $1 for the shipment.. just want to confirm the information.. thanks
It seems everytime an update occurs I have to add my SmartThings hub again! This time it won't even let me do that
Smartthings Is a very good app and the automation of a smart home is made very easy through this app. My one issue is that Bluetooth paired devices are displayed on Samsung phone and not all Android phones.
Missing simple features from classic app and some devices just don't work in this app. Still has a ways to go in order to replace the classic one.
Slow to start, but works well for me.
It drops out and disconnects too often
I can watch TV on my phone :D
Would not connect to my new smart hub
Buttons overlapping in multi window mode on note 8
The smart things panel opens when I have it turned off. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app.
Trash...BS I can't uninstall
Samsung forced this app on my and i can't uninstall it. Never buying any samsung product again.
Have never used it the entire time I've had the phone. Please allow people to uninstall.
It lacks a list of supported non-Samsung devices. Other than that, I love it.
I was able to connect my TV, but i cant turn it on or off it just let me play videos on it. Please som1 help.
Does not work or I don't know how to used
Keeps saying the TV is disconnected and its connected
forces me to share my location and contact. No way I would use this.
Very easiest way to access smart moves including television, washing machine, dryer, refrigerator and much more.... excellent application so far
Can't use it with my Pixel 2 XL anymore for some reason. It says I can't download device controller
A week ago, there was a function duplicates TV screen to Smartphone, after update it's no longer available. Why?
Yet another reason to love Samsung it makes my life so much easier...I love being able to control every device that I own... well every intelligent device i own. Thank you!
Cannot even sign in and set up the samsung connect home. Worest app ever.
More Samsung bloat. No opportunity to disable.
Love the new UI, just wish LL features were fully rolled out in the new app, smart home monitor for example, still missing
Works well with connecting between and recognising other devices, really helped as I had no idea
My remote should never have pop up ads.
I was able to mirror the screen from my phone to my tv everytime before this app. Now it works like 1 out of 4 times.
Keeps on failing and you can't uninstall it..
I don't need this App and I can't disable it. Very poor of Samsung
No coherent in connection between the devices.
This app intetacts great with my Samsung phone, tv Blu-ray, & refridgerator. Thank you Samsung for the much needed convenience.
Full function control of anything smart from Samsung. Love it! Automatic macros would be especially useful in a particularly wired home or office I imagine.
Never had such a hard & horrible time setting up an app. It opens and won't let me sign in.
Still learning it but sure will try harder at it r maybe a friend could help but I never gi e up
Want to delete it off my phone but can't. I don't want it and don't use it.
Totally failed to control tv or speakrs
No use to me , just one more I can't delete
Why do you need access to my contacts, storage and location for a remote?
Quit prompting me to control my bluetooth devices when i dont have any!
App doesn't work my TV
Have all kinds of trouble with BT audio thanks to this app!
Need more integration with Google home like open Netflix, YouTube and turn on the TV. (using mdns)
THIS SHOULD HAVE THE OPTION TO BE UNINSTALLED
The app keeps on playing music on my phone even when i hav my speaker connected...i hav to manually change it every 10 minutes
Tremendo reto tan bravo! Una maravilla.. Estoy realmente contento zme siento sensacional por haber tenido el privilegio de participar. Un abrazo. Gracias!
It is good for remote controlled items like TVs robotic vacuums etc.
Rarely works as described. Constantly need to unplug or reset. Restricted time on hubs works intermittently.
U don't want my review trust me!
Samsung....I love you.....your apps very nice and very useful... thanks for that's
Very good app.we don't need to download any remote app to control my samsung tv. It has it in the app.
Firmware will not update for plugs and I can't get them to turn on and off at the scheduled times.
Is it necessary for every phone?
Surface pro 4 won't connect to Note 8. Please fix for 5 * rating, thank you.
It needs to be easier to connect and cast video. I dont know how to create a playlist
This app sucks. I'm using the classic version as long as possible.
Easy to use and easy to connect. Great app
Lets me watch my tv on my phone and my phone on my tv. Also lets me use phone as a remote. Definitely get this app if you have a compatible tv.
One of the most useful app I have on my mobile device.
This app not showing NU7100 UHD TV PLEASE ADD SOON THIS TV
le cuesta conectarse con la samsung smart TV
won't start without sharing contacts. boo
I can't access the TV on my phone, even if I have a S8 :(
Not needed, just wasted space
Wish it worked on more tv's
Dose not work right
Useless to me needs to be uninstallable
Won't even let me disable it!
I didn't think it would work as good as I thought. It far exceeded my expextations*
We have our lights, fans, thermastate and vacuum in our home connected.... very convenient and smart. Looking forward to adding more.
Please let me uninstall or disable this app.
This is a excellent app. I give it a five star rating. Thank you so much)
Had to restart the app multiple times to connect my device
I dont use, want to uninstall
You should give an option to uninstall this app.
Only works 80% of the time.
can't connect to my Samsung led 58"
Great app. Wish a few more devices would get integrated with the system
Useful, but not really necessary.
b"It sucks! Can't uninstall??"
Cant screen mirror my phone with my TV and my phone is a s9+
Only connects to my t.v. every now and then
Should have given the keyboard in this app to type on TV.
I don't want this!
If you can get it to connect, it works fine. IF you get it to connect.
Love it! It lets me see and manage everything at home from washer to temperature......alarm is wonderful!
Should have more features most useful would be permissions management for various users.
Sometimes hard to connect
Thank you samsung
I Hate it.
Doesn't display battery percentage for Bluetooth devices.
I cannot mirror my screen
I want to Uninstall its
Give without wifi tv remote to use in gtpl setup box n without wifi AC remot
Does not connects to my samsung devices.
It's great but I would like to uninstall the app when I don't need the app.
There is no way to add an LIFX bulb.
I use it only for Bluetooth headphones and speakers. Makes managing the devices very convenient.
Bad cant contact
It's very helpful when using with my samsung TV, thank you very much
Not for me!
Gets the job done most of the time.
S9 and was able to delete.. Have no other samsung items.. no need 4 the app.
I have no other items that I wish to connect and it not compatible with my tablet
Won't always stay paired to tv
Setting up is too difficult otherwise it's good
Sorry the TV control is patchy at best
It doesn't always connect
Useless junk.
Update broke it!
Is very bad
Does not work
Not so useful
It phenomenal, but I wish I could connect LG tv too
Very good for Smart TV and for Home Theatre and streaming everything from mine S8+ ! Keep up with good work!
One of the only pre installed apps I use, I use it to stream and mirror my cell phone to my television!
Cannot connect right
It does what I need it to.
I liked this app at the start of using it but now I can't disconnect.
Such a smart thing...
Very useful for casting videos and pictures on the big screen to share with family.
Great being able to quietly keep tabs on what my kids are watching.
Bluetooth automatic turn off
My device is not in the list
Every thing is OK
It needs a lot of work.
I would love to see more integration with non Samsung products.
Once you try and understand the potential of smart things you will never leave!!!!
I was able to download the app finally, It's is working as expected
Before update i could connect fast and easy but not now
Increased functionality, and increased trigger functions, would increase my rating
It's a pretty good app, I like the control alot.
Wont connect with tv
I love this app. Allows me to stream TV to my phone.
Do not want.
Awesome for me because I'm always losing my remote
It works
How the ** do i sign in
Exelent mode of automation improving the quality every update, great future for smartthing, be patient
If only it auto connects...
Totally awesome, you can control Bluetooth devices.
Thank you Samsung
To short range
It just works
Still new, will return with a little experiential wisdom
Never wants to connect
Uninstall not available
Does the job very well after an initial hard time finding my Xbox...
It's A Nice App With Many Features, I Reall Luv It
Didn't ask for this bloatware
Goood very good :) samsung is good works perfectly fine on galaxy s8
The app was excellent thank you very much
It is so easy to use and thank you for the innovation
Can't uninstall
Very easy to use and works well on my device
Easy to use. Makes connecting by Bluetooth efficient and flawless.
I love it it is awesome , amazing, the best ,fantastic get this app
Plays 95% of my videos. All and all a quick and easy app.
Just nope.
Don't work properly with phillips tv s
It's amasing
Useless!!
Don't want
stick to hardware
Very useful so i think its great
Good app. But doesn't work all the time.
This app is Excellent and perfect bravo samsung
i want to support samsung smart TV UA46ES8000
Never works
Perfect for every perfect home owner to have in a perfect home
Would love to have use of the keyboard.
It's ok
it needs some work
Is fine I recommend this app.
It easy to use and now better at explaining it's content
Great app for controlling our soundbar and QLED TV
Best app ever. Love it so much.
Very easy to use with my LG smart TV
I like it I am in joy the app I love it
b'So far so good but it could be better??'
omg
Works perfectly with my s8+
It's great to have it. Thanks Samsung.
Awesome platform to connect with all the smart devices
Garbage.
this is a good app for smart life!
No good
Excellent app. Would recommend it anytime.
Sorry Zaza
It sucks
Very well
Tizen GOD
So so
Is ok
A leader in home automation with an open API.
thank you
Great app and very useful
No issues connecting...works well!
So simple to use.thank you for this app
Awesome little huge smart home app.
Keep adding easy to use functionality
I love it.
It's a amazing and easy app
Amazing app. Totally safe
Very helpful application..thank you samsung
It's a really great app
Awesome. I love samsung!!!
Very very useful app
Nicely done Samsung.. Love it
Keep up the good work
Very helpful and easy to use
The connectivity is wonderful!
Easy to pick up and use
It is okay easy to use
I enjoy using this app
Love it ..its easy to use
Nice app
No.
Good. Useful
Woooow
Good good application.
Bakwas
Really Easy to use.
It can be better!!!
Feature rich app.
Reliable, nice UI
Bloatware
b'Supeerb????'
Good app!
Great and easy app
Why?
I love it!
Grr
I love it!!
Sucks
Easy to use and setup
Its a great app
Best app ever
Really great app
Very usefull app
Nice usefoul app
Keep the good work
Very good app
Usefull And nice
Very Usefull app
Worth every penny
All good o
Cool nd good
Best app ever
This App is AWESOME
quick and easy to use
Great shortcut.
I love it more
Awsome app
Great app
Easy to use .
Yeah, great
All good all good
b'\xe0\xaa\xaa\xe0\xaa\xb0\xe0\xaa\xab\xe0\xab\x87\xe0\xaa\x95\xe0\xab\x8d\xe0\xaa\x9f'
Super
It's beautiful
Dabba
b'Best app \xe2\x9d\xa4??'
Hi
Thanks
Niceapp
Osm
Luv It!!!!
Great app
Cool story
Nice one
Real good
Awesome app
Excellent App
best apss
Love it
Excellent App
b'??'
b'??'
Great app
Its perfect
Good stuff
Easy to connect
Nice apps
very helpful
Excellent device
Useful to me
Is great
Great app
very nice
Very good
Good app
easy and usefull
Good aap
Awesome.
Good
Excellent
Awesome
Nice
Good
Excelent
Kool
Love it
Love it
good
Excellent
Loved
Good
Great
Simple
Goooood......
it was good
Nice
Nice
Best
love it
Good
Excellent
Superb
Good
Excellent
Easy
love
amazing
good
Good
Awesome
Nice
Good
Love it
Great
Lovely
Good
Nice
Good
Love it
Good
Lovely
Nice
Love it
Good
b'???? ?? ????'
Good Good
I have been using SmartThings for awhile and have typically been very intuitive and helpful. That being said this new version does not have a Smart Lock feature like the classic version does. This enables you to not only lock and unlock your door remotely but to add and remove lock codes if you have touch code lock like Schlage Connect. This is needed if you have a rental unit and need to constantly change access codes. Why remove that feature?
This app works great on my s9 and on my husband's iPhone. Samsung really outdid themselves. All of our lights have dimmers now and we can easily turn them on and off. Same goes for our TV's. The easiest way to get a smart home if you're not looking to spend a fortune, and you dont have to be too tech savvy. Samsung really took its users into consideration when designing this app. It works with many brands and outside devices so of course permissions are needed.
The concept is good, but the actual application is really buggy. For example, I can mirror the TV screen (including sound!) to my phone, but if I try to mirrow just the sound, it won't work. Also, it only functions as a remote for the TV and so won't control other devices (like the Apple TV), which the remote that comes with the TV does. Since I do most of my watching using the Apple TV, the app is useless for me in controlling navigation and the one feature I really want (mirror tv sound on phone) doesn't work!
I didn't know this app existed. I guess I've been using what is now known as Smartthings Classic which works seamlessly with my hub and Webcore Smart Apps. Many of the Webcore Apps I use don't seem to work with this app. Some apps are tied to my Schlage lock so I need them to work 100%.. This app is very nice looking so hopefully they get it right.
The app is fine I'd say for all sorts of appliances but please add a video game controller compatibility. Back then when this app was only Samsung Connect I could listen to the audio from my phone by switching the audio settings from my controller to my phone. Ever since SmartThings came out, I can't do that anymore. I always have to add in headphones in order to hear audio. Please add this in.
Totally useless app. Any modern device will be able to interact with Google Assistant, removing any potential need for this app and/or a SmartThings Hub. Also the hub still requires third party equipment to communicate with smart devices, so unless you are planning on plugging this hub into another hub which will talk to your smart devices, eliminating any need for this hub, don't bother wasting your time or money.
After forced update, my Ring Doorbell app kept crashing. Uninstall update to get Ring Doorbell app to work again. Need option to delete this app or to never update again. Have received feedback and entered chat sessions with Samsung Support agents. No one is taking ownership of the problems this app has caused to my critical Ring Doorbell app to crash. Had to ununstall the recent update to get my Ring Doorbell app to work as needed again. It is quite apparent that many many users want the option to uninstall or disable this app. Why is Samsung forcing this app "down our throats"? Come on Samsung, pay attention to the many users who want to remove or disable thid app before the problems with this app goes viral. Please do something about this Samsung.
Can't connect with the devices, lost the light bulbs, had to pair them again and update smartapps! Useless! Less than the basic automations light on/off, dimmer and and no colour/temperature options! None of the the remotes work (everything works on the classic app). After a month's of use still cannot connect my bulbs.
It used to work perfectly... used to find my devices from the distance and once they were paired I could connect them at any time just by touching the icon in my notification bar, even if the TV was off... nowadays there's no option in the bar and it doesn't do much more than saying "device not available"... I used to love it... =o(
I hate this app. Only noticed it after last software update and it was asking permission to update. I am angry that you cannot disable it without constantly getting a notice on the phone that the app has stopped. Why are we now forced to allow bloatware on our phones with all kinds of permissions that cannot be disabled without constantly being reminded that we disabled it? Why all the permissions? Seriously, to my contacts? Why? UPDATE: Now everytime I use by Bluetooth headphones I get a low battery warning for them even when they are fully charged.
This app and the smartthings hub works great with everything except a motion sensor. If you plan on getting any kind of motion sensor (I have 3 different kinds) be prepared to resync them every 2 to 3 days. Quite a few of my lights used to rely on my motion sensors. I gave up a few weeks ago.
Confused why Samsung would release something that doesn't work as well as the original smartthings app. Why does this app request access to my contacts and browsing history? If I install it and try to specifically deny access to contacts, it then fails to open. Going to stick with the original smartthings app for my home automation.
I have mostly Samsung products (such as the HW-M430) which won't connect; I'm hoping they add more. I am happy the TV connects and has a few handy features; like mirroring the tv screen to the phone. I'm still playing around with it and figuring it out...looking forward to updates and hoping this app is made available for Samsung Galaxy Tablets too; I was disappointed to find it's not.
I don't have use of this ap. I can't disable it and if I take away permissions and uninstall updates I get the constant notifications of smartthings has stopped. The notifications are on top of anything I'm doing also. Thanks Samsung for forcing me to keep up dating and giving you ultimate permission for a useless app to anyone who doesn't own many brand new products sold by your company.
Too many permissions and can't delete. Last update to get rid of app has stopped error actually removed the uninstall button! I wouldn't trust it to use it and my desire to continue using Samsung devices( any of them) is dropping very fast. Get this thing off my phones and tablets!
Replaces the classic app which more features. Removes devices, device history, routines and other features. The more I work with this app the less I like. Very disappointed with this new app for working with my SmartThings devices. Lowered rating even more, cannot completely uninstall or disable app, Play Store wants to install an update for it. Not listed as an app in App Manager. Very frustrating. Reverting back to classic app.
I have no use for this app, very unhappy that I am not able to disable it. I find it very unsettling, with the release of oreo, they would make it more difficult to manage your apps. I would not mind knowing where to contact someone about oreo's unsatisfactory performance issue with my device.
One disaster after another... reset my hub and switched from classic app because of the mess that was going on with that. only to discover that the "Updated app" is actually worse. Whomever is running this division should be fired to make way for better talent. As i have never seen a product that gets consistently WORSE after each update.. you cant even connect samsung uhd Tv's or camera's correctly..unacceptable From an Ex-Samsung fan
Much...much slower than the original app. It also doesn't do as much. Should have just left the old app there. Now old app not usable. New app won't work on my tablet set up for controlling the house. Scenes not transfered so I have to set everything up again. And device history not available so I can't see if devices are updating app. And my cameras and motion sensors are now switches and don't give any feedback. Can't believe I'm forced to use this. Is there any way to go back to previous app???
Ever since the update my portable speaker that I use for camping hasn't been working properly. It will connect (sometimes) but when it does the audio cuts in and out. Makes it useless and annoying. If the update wasn't ready for release why was it issued?
Don't want or need this app. I disable notifications and block as much as I can yet each time it updates it enables itself again. Let me uninstall this app. This is my first Samsung phone and it is full of bloat. Stop forcing your application s upon us else it will be the last Samsung phone I buy.
Why can't I use use this app if I deny it permission to access my photos??? What the Hell does it need to access my photos for? I was told that you could restrict permissions after installing and now I cannot use it at all... Screw you and all your text Samsung, I'm done buying it.
Followup to "Don't like it, don't need it, won't use it, don't want it." SmartThings showed up right after the Galaxy 8.0 Oreo update. I had not seen it before so wasn't sure what it would do for me. After review and realizing that I don't have any devices that I would or could control from my phone I tried to delete the app. Couldn't delete it and after several attempts was finally able to activate a force stop. Before I was able to stop SmartThings I noticed a VERY HEAVY BATTERY drain that vanished after I stopped it. Wish I could delete it but if it doesn't rear its ugly head again I'll be happy.
Downloaded this app to connect my new washing machine. However the app cannot even find the washing machine! I searched many times for available device but the result always come back as no device found! Tried the Samsung live chat support, that was no help whatsoever. Its great that Samsung has all these brilliant ideas but IT DOESNT WORK! Its so frustrating.
Recently bought a Samsung Powerbot 7040, this app is needed to control by phone. spent days trying to configure and pair the device to this app, Wifi configure gets to 99% and fails to complete. Called support 3x on different days. they don't seem to keep track of these tickets or work orders. every time I called they don't seem to have records of the issues reported from last phone call. Overall the app needs work, advertises that it works android and apple OS. We have both for different platforms, doesn't work. They need to QC their Apps, or have their developers unit test the basic functions at the least.
b"Can't decline forced install. I don't have any devices I need to control w/my phone [s7active], yet I can't decline this app, can't remove it from my update screen [all updates are manual], it has 5 permissions and is asking for 3 more; not gonna happen...every Samsung app pre-installed is either uninstalled or stopped...please give me the option to decline this app...also hated the Mar18 update that changed all my messenger features/controls but gave me (stupid) stickers ??"
The layout is atrocious.. the color scheme is awful.. no room selection.. incredibly visually dull and boring. The old app is leaps and bounds better than this weak attempt. I certainly hope I'm not forced to use this app or my days with Smartthings will be coming to an end unfortunately :/
I am NOT giving you access to my contacts!! Why do my devices need access to my contacts? Tell the truth? So you can find their social profile and blast them with Samsung ads? I have many Samsung products love them but I not helping you advertise your products, I chose your products on my own not by ad blasting.
Useless app which you can't delete as Samsung dictate that you must have this app on your device. I have absolutely no need for this bloatware but have to update it every time there is one available. Disgraceful behaviour, Samsung.
Useless app I don't want it and now cannot select "Update All" because this useless junk is saying it is necessary. Necessary for what? I don't want to connect to my samsung fridge or washing machine. I do want to connect to my samsung smart tv but this app can't "connect"; i must download yet another app that is specific to connect with a samsung tv - and yet it is a total time waster. I am going to get a wireless keyboard to do my searches on the tv. And then I will think twice when it is time to get a new phone. Another Samsung? Most likely not if this kind of app is still forced upon me. And now the latest update requires even more permissions without any option to disable the app. How dumb is that?
After the latest Android Nougat security update, bluetooth no longer works with Hyundai's media center. Only Call Audio connects automatically, but Media Audio is never detected. In order to use Media Audio, bluetooth must be manually turned of, turned on again and Media Audio turned on manually as well. If this is automation, wow...it has made bluetooth worse than ever.
Can't connect my existing hub without factory resetting the whole thing. They say a future update will integrate both smartthings classic and smartthings connect, but that was months ago. Until then, the app sucks and smartthings classic is the only one i can use
I downloaded this app because I have a Samsung 4k smart TV 8series. So far I have been unable to download the remote. I'm currently using the Google pixel xl 2 and that's currently the issue. I've used it on multiple phones however it seems it is just this device. Also I'm running Google Android P beta. The help options in the app isn't working as well
Can't uninstall it. Uninstalling the updates makes my phone freeze constantly, and even with the newer updates it still happens. I have absolutely no use for this app. I view it as nothing but spyware since I'm unable to uninstall it from my phone and asks for waayy too many permissions.
Doesnt connect to devices, terrible for using with my tv. Ambient mode won't let me use my own picture, no fexibility, too much light from tv. Pathetic support. Half baked product, classic Samsung.
This app crashes on me all day everday, crashing my phone or slowing it down as well. Garbage and a waste!! Why can't I uninstall it? My Samsung doesn't work properly anymore.
Bought the Samsung r7070 vacuum. App finds the vacuum well enough, but it never gets added to my devices. Always says something wrong with its permissions. Have yet to succeed with this app.
I have never and will never use this app but it keeps asking to update and have unnecessary permission. You nees to fix it so it can be disabled for those of us who NEVER use it. With all the privacy issues lately, I do not feel comfortable allowing permission to an app I never use.
For me this app is not useful what so ever. I just want to listen to some music, do some social media, and some minor gaming. Don't want to connect my smart fridges and lamps which I DONT HAVE! I should at least be able to DISABLE. This and a whole bunch of chicken stupid apps I don't want. I should be able to uninstall a pre installed app of I don't want it, like Google photos. I have Samsung photos. I don't want drive, or word, expo, PowerPoint. This I where Apple is better. Pre install the app, let me DELETE IT if I don't WANT IT. I DONT USE THIS APP. I DONT WANT IT.
I am angry that this out was forced on me and using my data to constantly update something I never use this is like criminal activity to force something on someone and make them pay for it.. I will never update this app. I bought a Samsung Note 5 and have had problems with private issues since day one my phone has been hacked and I have reported this but no one has done anything about it
I can't disable, turn off, or uninstall this worthless app, and it did NOT come preinstalled like the dishonest response says. It is taking up space I want for other things but who cares what the customer wants right?
Hate this. Got this to work the telly. When it does its good but... It constantly wants updati g before you can use it and then when it is its so slow to get going you ve already given up and picked up the remote
Why so many permissions? Can't uninstall!? One thing is asking us to consider Samsung apps and to win our approval based on the merits of the app, the other is asking for a bunch of permissions, not delivering the value and force us to have this app potentially monitoring and gathering data on our every activity on our phones. I paid $850 for this phone, so I expect it to work well and not have all this bloatware that bogs down the phone. I think it's great hardware, but if you want us to use your software make it better than Google's, etc. and let us chose what to use, not force us.
The Samsung home app used to work perfectly with the Samsung power vacs. Ever since the Samsung SmartThings app nothing works right. My vacuums are correctly connected to the Wi-Fi but now neither app will let me access them claiming that they're not connected to the network or there's a signal problem. However if I press the play button from the dashboard without trying to go into the devices other options it will move and start vacuuming the floor. Also if I lift the vacuum up I get notifications. None of these things could work if it wasn't connected to the network but Samsung's own app says it's not and won't let me access see options. Also for anyone who's wondering yes I did try installing both apps and installing them individually and neither works correctly anymore. For good measure I took my access points down and tried a different one just to rule it out. Same result.
Another bloatware app that I can't uninstall. How do I prevent it from appearing on the pull down menu? Next time I will buy a Pixel WITHOUT all the unwanted IN YOUR FACE bloatware.
Bloatware EDIT for Dave: thanks, make this bloatware optional, allow users to disable it at will like several other pre-installed apps. Personally, i will never use this and it stuck on my phone.
After update my vacumm is finally connected. But alas still not able to control or pragram anything. Not sure what the pint of the app is if it does not work.
useless bloatware. forces you to update if you want to "Update All" in play store. i dont even use this unnecessary app but they dont let you uninstall.
I don't have any smart devices that I need another app controlling or interfering with. Again... WE should have the option to have or not to have but instead Samsung forces it on you, it constantly shows up in my window blind and that is annoying. If I don't use it, I don't want to see it.
Doesnt even connect to my brand new 4k smart tv. Doesnt even have the model number in its data base. Scanned it a million times trying different methods off google. This app is a waste of time . Get it sorted or dont offer these services. Very dissapointed.
Doesn't work. My smart TV I recently bought suggested I download this app and yet it can't find the TV to connect to. My phone and tv are on the same network. I try to add the tv manually and it tells me to turn the TV on first. After I turn it on (again) it says that it took too long to find. I have a Motorola Z force droid with update 8.0.
I didn't ask for this app, it requires permission to access everything, I cannot remove it, and it crashes every few minutes sending alerts to my phone that make using the phone completely impossible. This is the worst.
Unfortunately it's trash. It is not seemless when integrating with SmartThings because my hub go left with my old ST account so this app/account can't even see it... making it totally useless when my hub is inaccesible and is only available in the SmartThings Classic app.
A piece of software that is installed without your express and specific permission, is naturally a malware. If it cannot be trivially removed and has excessive permissions, it is also a security loophole.
How is it possible that I can't connect my Tab S3 with Samsung R5 speaker? It works 1 day, then we get update and it's all gone. Garbage. It's better when Samsung doesn't update devices, everything is ruined after that. Just like my Tab S3, updated to Oreo and it's just not what it used to be, slowed down, crashing...
Unused bloatware. Also rated for hating this $1000 phone due to Bixby. Samsung can suck it up, as the cost of strong arming Bixby on me. But I will get the last laugh as they lost this customer for life.
There is a huge/non consistent response time when controlling my Samsung AC (AR9600 Ultra) with many connection failures (my connection works well with other smart devices vendors). I guess this is not directly app issue but the server/architecture one but at the end it makes the overal user experience not very pleasant. Application itself needs some UI cleanup with the functions hints (I can only write about the AC). The application is not keeping some settings like Purify - very annoying.
How do i uninstall it. I don't need it and don't want and never asked for it... Hi again and thanks for the prompt reply. Depending on the outcome of the request to the developers I will naturally change my rating. If it becomes possible to uninstall it I will give it 5 stars :-) Have a nice weekend :-)
Constantly having issues. I'll be connected to bluetooth and listening to a video or music then suddenly the audio with switch to the phone. When I check the bluetooth device is still connected but can't get the audio to go through it unless I disconnect and reconnect. Has happened with 3+ devices.
Not really 'smart thing'. Devices are limited to tv or appliances. We have a samsung fridge and stove and doesn't connect consistently. Pretty useless considering sales ads. Doesn't even allow me to set or see timer on the stove!? Just basic obvious things like stove on or oven preheating.
I don't want this bloatware on my phone. Allow me to uninstall! Why are we chained to useless apps on our own phones? This makes no sense.
Lots of negative reviews because apparently there is too many permissions? If you don't want to give the app permission then don't. The app works with hundreds of external devices so I imagine it needs all kinds of permissions. Works fine for me to connect all my smart home devices.
When it comes to bluetooth devices it may as well be called dumb things. My two bluetooth speakers which work great paired together stopped playing sound on one speaker once the smart things app got on my phone. Now I can only play sound out of one speaker because I can't uninstall this app. It is extremely frustrating.
Would let my phone finish set up unless I gave it permission to access everything on my phone wanted to uninstall it but it will not uninstall. Guess I will have wipe and root my phone.
Absolutely useless bloatware. Samsung must let me choose - not force - me to have this app. You must allow me to disable it or uninstall. Not happy Samsung. Over 50% of the ratings here are negative. What does that say to you?
Not getting any better, there is no useful voice integration with Bixby for changing modes the automations don't allow mode changes and Bixby doesn't integrate with the original smartthings at all... All I'm asking is for the built in voice control that you want to replace Google and or Alexa to work with your own apps that it nothing too complicated... Right?
This app is frustrating the life out of me! I used to be able to connect seamlessly to my Xbox One X and TV, but now they don't even show up in my device list. Fix it and I'll change my rating.
It could really use improvements. After about 30- 40 minutes the audio really starts to lag behind and gets so garbled I have to stop using it .
Don't know why this app was put on my phone by Samsung, even if I had any compatible devices it would not be something I would use. For me this is just bloatware.
Just installed app on a Samsung S5 and allowed all the permissions. Press the"sign in" button and nothing happens. The button accepts my button press but nothing happens. Several button presses, nothing happens. Uninstalled app, reinstalled app, same problem. HELP!
App stinks. I have no need for it but apparently it is a requirement. It disrupts the functions of the phone. Disabling or uninstalling only causes more issues. This will be my last Samsung product unless this app can be removed without incident. Wastes space and battery. Not pleased that I'm forced to have it installed
I have no use for this app, but I can't uninstall it and without the update, my phone won't work right. It's absolutely useless.
Unable to find my Samsung smart.tv with the app...also why all the permissions needed? Seems fishy in this day and age, to have an app such as this, in need of so many intrusive permissions. Personal information cultivation perhaps?
Would be absolutely amazing! If it worked when I needed it to. Says the TV is Off when On and then none of the buttons work... try my tablet and th same thing occurs.
Too many permissions. I can't even open the app. I tap on the icpn, it asks for access to my microphone and all my contacts. I deny them, and then the app closes / crashes. If I don't give you permission to all my contacts just block that part of the app, but as of today, I can't even set up my SmartThings Hub to get WiFi at home. Going to ask for a refund.
Way too many forced permissions including media, microphone and camera which is irrelevant to controlling my smart stuff... Won't work is you deny any of those permissions.
Worse than the original st version. Multiple devices that do not connect and can not setup devices, classic version way better.
I don't know why I switched, should be called smart things Alpha. This is far from done. Essential geofencing for automation doesn't work. No smart apps work. Smartlock is not available. It is slow and confusing. Automation configuration flow is better than before, but automations don't seem to work. I'm sad.
Love it. Some things like adding 3rd party devices is a little rough right now but I am excited to see where this goes in another year or two keep working on it
Uninstalling this app is not available, so it's just wasted storage place and what makes it worse is you constantly get notifications to update it even though you've hidden the app and you turned off the notifications!!! I don't get the point in taking all the time to turn off notifications and hiding the app if Google Play isn't going to stop bothering you about it!!!
Bit pointless for my washing machine, since you have to press a button on the washing machine everytime you want to use it, which kind of renders it pointless since I can already see all of that on the washing machine itself, and I can't operate it remotely since I still have to press the button on the washing machine each time. Dissapointed, as I was looking forward to being able to easily control it from my phone. The 'recipe guide isgood though.
I highly dislike this application. It doesn't work. It always displays "failed to connect". The Wifi does work, I tested on the browser and it works. But this app is useless. It's always failing to connect and never works.
I've had this app on my phone for months now and can't use it. Samsung told me to download it because they were switching the old app to this one. Still hasn't happened. Still have 2 apps that are supposed to do the same thing. Get it together Samsung.
This app pissed me off today when I discovered that it replaced the Quick Connect feature of my tablet and by doing so has broken the ability to mirror my KS8000 to my Galaxy Tab A tablet. I wanted to watch the Toronto Indy in the Kitchen while I make something to eat and this stupid app prevents me from doing so! Stop breaking things that used to work fine and instead support the products that you are ignoring like the Galaxy View tablet which hasn't had any Android OS updates! I'm seriously thinking about never buying another Samsung product because of the post purchase support that has broken features or is non-existent!
I've been trying all day to take a picture of my tv on the wall so that I can use it for the "invisible" mode while using the ambient feature. It tells me to open smartthings and take a picture while in smart things and it will automatically go the 2018 QLED tv I just bought. Can someone point me in the right direction? There is no camera in my smartthings app and the tv and my phone are connected using the same network; I've even connected the two with Bluetooth and that doesn't work either. Would change to higher star if I ever get this resolved. I'm back again to complain even more. I bought a new SmartThings v2 hub. My router found it but I cannot do anything without the SmartThings app, it will not install on my phone. No matter what I do. I cannot find help anywhere at the Samsung site or even the www in general. I thought Samsung was a class operation; I feel so let down!
b"The idea of controlling lots of things via one app is great. But Samsung have let its customers down with this product. The final straw for me is that it turns on bulb 1 when instructed to turn on bulb 2!!? Even worse it turns on a bulb on a day when it has no instruction to turn it on??????. Tech support can't resolve this bug!!! BE SMART AND INVEST IN OTHER THINGS!!"
Very undependable. Devices that work one day are not found the next day. Often hangs trying to establish a connection. Steer clear!
Since the last update I can not get past the privacy policy agreement so I can not use the app anymore. Update: It looks like you have updated the app which has fixed the permissions loop. Now that I can get past that point there comes the next problem with the app, "connection failure" when trying to connect to my robot vacuum. This too is a never ending loop that prevents the app from functioning. Please fix this next problem and we'll see what happens after that.
Not very good. UI isn't user friendly. It supports very few mainstream devices. Stay with legacy program!
The Automation feature doesn't work! I have a Pool Switch that is connected and set to turn on and off and it doesn't at any specified times. I can only turn it on and off but no automation.
1- Failed during installing my new TV (had to install my TV with the remote control) 2- Now when I try to control my TV it keeps giving me "Couldn't download device controller. Try again." 3- Samsung account and smart things account are somehow not connected. It's very confusing that I have 2 different sets of devices in them.
135mb of used space, cannot disable, cannot remove. Keeps popping up when I connect my charger. Who wants this?
The application won't open for me because I won't grant it permission to access my contacts, photos & files and record my voice. Why do you need all that, Samsung? It's like inviting a spy to sit behind you, record everything you do, rummage through your filing cabinet and blast it all out to your friends. I just want to control my TV.
Since this app updated, my phone battery been draining very very quickly due to this app. soo much that my phone can no longer last a day like before. i never had this problem before on the older version. why is the app sucking my battery?
Since the update and since getting this app I haven't been able to connect to my cars bluetooth. It has no problem with calls but I'm unable to play my music through it now.
I used to enjoy showing family photos on my Samsung tv using mirror screen now it is unusable. Angry if it ain't broke stop updating and ruining a perfectly good app.
I don't like being forced to use something like your phone app. If I used any smart devices in my home, I might download an app like this. It's bloatware and Android devices are full of them
What a joke... we purchased a powerbot r9350 about 6 months ago and a little over a month ago the app that controls it stopped working.. on the box and in the instructions it had us down load the Samsung smart home app. And now we have been told that it will not control the vacuum anymore and I had to down load the Samsung smartthings app.. guess what after dealing with customer service for hours it still does not connect to the vacuum. Talk about a F**king bait and switch, we loved the vacuum and app when it worked but now we have a $1000.00 paper wait.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THESE PEOPLE. They do not care about customer satisfaction
Worthless to me, have no need for it. I don't need it taking up space on my tablet.
A total piece of garbage. I didn't install this app it came as part of an overall phone update I don't have any other Samsung devices so I don't need it the problem is every 20 seconds, no exaggeration, I'm getting an error message saying the SmartThings app has stopped I followed all the directions on how to correct this and Samsung has made this app uninstallable all you can do is remove the update and then turn off auto update well I did remove the update and that didn't solve the problem I now have a phone and Galaxy S7 that every 20 seconds I have to deal with the SmartThings app has stopped even though I denied it permissions remove the cache remove the data stopped notifications it still happens this phone is about to go out the window and never again will I get a Samsung product
Samsung Smart Control dishwashers can't be added, even though the Samsung Smart Home app supports them. Time to unify your ridiculous platforms!
Nothing is prefect and I'm used to various hiccups in apps, so I rarely run to complain. Congratulations, Samsung, you broke me. I love your hardware, but your software is despicable. Tried this app on 3 phones: S7, G6 and G5 - different behaviour on each. This shortcoming is exacerbated by the fact that you are required to use the app to configure the WiFi router. Notifications are sporadic. Can get stuck in firmware update loop. [Update July 3] I have 2 smart locks. One works one with ST and one stopped responding to ST commands. ST still lists it at connected, even after I took the batteries out of the lock. I am using 3x Samsung Connect Home Pro mesh devices and I am trying to not pollute this review with issues I think are hardware-specific [Update July 3 #2] Someone from ST/Samsung? has commented on the review that I should use Contact Us feature to get in touch with the developer - Actually, I did on July 2nd, with no response from Samsung/ST
Super Useful!! I often get in my car with my headset still on... whoops. Instead of getting Stuck in Spinning Circle... Confused... Trying to Connect to Both. This App pops up & asks me "Isuzu or Level U", (cause I so cleverly titled each Bluetooth unit). Then I touch Isuzu & guess what...? It automatically Disconnects from my Level U & connects to my car. BRILLANT!!!! It has several more functions & you can customize your Dashboard (main info screen of app). Overall... SUPER USEFUL! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
For the most part I like a little..it was hard to connect the app with the product...I have bought the 9250 robot vacuum cleaner, according to the operation and capability of the machine it should be able to give you a history and action it took including floor maping of it's cleaning...so far it's very frustrating I am unable to figure that!! may be there is a software update to this robot...there should be a better service or communication from samsung in providing true descriptive operation for thier products! Very disappointed
What the hell is this app even for? I didn't know I was forced to have it until it started erroring and saying "smart things has stopped working" every 2 seconds. I do not want this app and have zero use for it. At this point I wouldn't even install/use it even if I needed it.
How do I get back to simple bluetooth without all this spyware? Samsung say can't revert. Equally can't disable. Can't access to complain without giving away permissions. Disgraceful.
Since the update all my old automatic functions, like bluetooth playing music in car doesnt automaticly engage as it once did. Other bluetoorh peripherals that audio play have also ahd difficulty. All these problems arose after last update.
Crashes my S9+ constantly. I use it to mostly replace my QLED 75's remote. When I open it and then choose a new app or change the channel my phone acts like it rebooted. I see the Samsung logo on my phone and after a few seconds I am back to my home page with no apps running.
Hate this stupid app. It crashed my phone due to it wouldn't load properly and from there on out every time I went to send a message it would freeze that also..
This app has too many permissions and is a system app I can't remove. You are essentially forcing us to share all our info. That is not nice.
Just more bloat you can't delete. Showed up on its own. No idea what it does, couldn't care less about what it does. No documentation.
Keep getting more bad !!! I cannot connect properly ,smart view disconnects . Please make it better. I have s9 Samsung and also Samsung tv and I cannot duplicate the screen from phone to tv. Mirrorscreen doesn't work at all
No regard towards older phones still in use (S7), have had to reset phone after updates due to issues, unable to uninstall to avoid problems. Samsung is out of touch with quality.
PLEASE STOP FORCING USERS OF SAMSUNG PRODUCTS TO DOWNLOAD THIS GARBAGE. I WILL STOP BUYING SAMSUNG IF THESE FORCED UPDATES CONTINUE.
Bloatware. Whenever I'll wish to control appliances with my phone (like never) I'll install the app for it, not before. I find it highly inappropriate to make unwanted apps impossible to disable or uninstall
Totally useless app and even after so many people have told you this you still make it so that we cannot uninstall it. Everyone sees what this is all about!!!!
I also don't have any use for it, I don't have any smart appliances either to me it's just waste of space on my phone /sorry
This app is messing up my bluetooth connection in my vehicle. It constantly drops and skips because of this app. How come we can't delete it. If they don't fix it my next phone will be iPhone. This really sucks!!!!!!
Bloatware and invasive I would uninstall it ..... oh wait I can't -_- read all the other 1 stars they are basicly the same complaint
Too many permissions for an app I can't uninstall from my phone. Disabled all permissions and no notifications under settings. What a waste of space.
Since the latest version, I lost connectivity to my robo vacuum and it is neither on the list of supported devices. So, did you just remove the support for my 400 vacuum?
I build complex multi client applications and I just spent an hour looking for a pin code that showed on my flat mate's tv. Do you test your SW?
Terrible apps. Functional just half of the time, barely useable. Disgusted!
I have no devices controlled by smart things, I disabled all permissions although latest permission it requested is not one I can disable. Can't uninstall it.
I've been with Samsung for over 5 years and ran into very few problems but yesterday I tried to replace a router for my boss and got the Samsung connect home which required the SmartThings app. This cost me so much time trying to set it up, and it discourage my boss from getting a Galaxy device which is disheartening
Asks for WAY too many permissions and won't allow you to uninstall. I never asked for this, I don't want it, I will never use it, and I can't get rid of it. Just make it go away.
Sucks. Bloatware and never use it. At least give user the option to uninstall it. Thankyou
Makes things that were easy to do without the app hard to do with the app. Pointless and buggy. Waste of download
The worst of Samsung bloatware. Can't uninstall or disable and asks for tons of permissions even if you've never used it.
My TV model number was on the list. It kept telling me to update the software on my TV which I did and was already up to date. This app would never connect wasted way too much time trying to get it to
I want to get rid of this app. Smartthings get the option to uninstall this app as before this I was able to screen mirroring with my smart tv but it's not possible after this app has popped up by it self. Please do something and help me get rid of this app.
I like how the app works now that I am more familiar with it, tell me though, are there any hope's that it will control gaming devices anytime soon i.e. a ps4 or xbox? Would also be amazing if it could hook up to my vehicle! Lol
Please dont look at my porn bookmark or dick pics and share it to my contacts. Forced to accept privacy intrusion just to update.
Smart Things apparently cannot connect to my TV how is used to... Both my smartphone and TV are on the same network wirelessly but the app still continues to prompt an error for me.
I dont need it. Forcing me to update even after uninstalling. Asking for new permissions that collects private information. Considering switching phones asap.
If I wanted this app, I would have downloaded load it. Spyware.
Would be nice to simply having On/Off switch for an entire room instead of having to create a Scene to turn On and another Scene to turn Off a room. Kinda like Homekit on iOS. The fact there's no On/Off switch prevent us to see if a room is on or off. Only the device list.
Will not connect to my smart TV from all the sudden. I had no problem 3 days ago.......... Why???!!!
Bloatware! Just what I wanted on my new phone... NOT!
Short version: Samsung --> STOP <-- forcing your apps on customers! Why on earth is this non-removable and even with no way to disable this? Its insulting... Long version; Classic example of intrusive, unstable and unremovable bloatware. Keeps crashing in the background every minute causing it to pop up an error message. Cannot be removed because it's a mandatory system app and also cannot be disabled! This is why error messages keep popping up non stop without a way to supress them. Needs an update but then needs way too many permissions. Unbelievable annoying... All happened after android 8 update on S7
What a joke, switched from iPhone to android so app would work then they broke android app. Cant control 1000 dollar robot vacuum.
Good TV remote app that works well when it works. Can become unresponsive or will not connect sometimes for no reason but this happens very infrequently.
I don't understand why this app was released. I now have to reinstall classic smart things and set everything up again. Why?
Used this app for around 4 months since i got my tv but now it doesn't work at all, only given 2 stars because it used to work now it does nothing at all
It keeps sending error messages that it has stopped working. And there's no way to stop it
This app stinks. I don't want to use this app. It is constantly starting and then stopping and giving popups stating that the app has stopped.
It can't connect to my skyworth 50 inch smart tv. Cannot find the IP address MAC address of the smart tv. It only connects to samsung smart TVs.
When signing in, I can't see any connected services. Hence I can't use the new app and are stuck with the old one.
I keep tapping to restore a connection that was off for no clear reason, and the app keeps asking me to rate it instead. Probably not the result the developers wanted.
VERY UPSET. App is not letting me manage my samsung account or control my Samsung TV as a remote after update. Location is greyed out as well as other setting.
Why the heck an app controlling devices needs access to my contacts? Breach of privacy, uninstalled.
This app is garbage. It isn't compatible with uconnect and I miss my messages. I can't disable it or remove it. As soon as I connect to my car it turns itself back on.
Need to fix scenes for controlling a thermostat. It will only let me set a temperature between 95° - 203° F. Really? Sticking with old SmartThings app until scenes will work correctly in this new app.
Simple app that allows me to manage my devices. Some things can't be done in this app so you also need the classic app
I am completely puzzled by the fact that the app won't open unless it gets access to my location (ok, maybe there is an upside here), to my contacts (why??) to my files and photos (why???) ... And to my microphone! (Why?????) Samsung, please respond. Why would you so shamelessly spy on us? Please provide an application that just... Talks to the machine
Why in the hell cant i uninstall this? Asks for permission to everything. I dont use it. But if I dont update it, all it does is crash-when I don't even have it running?
Privacy concerns: Why does this [non-removable] app now need to view browsing history?
Don't want or need the app but can't uninstall it. Thanks for forcing your garbage on customers Samsung.
Dont have smart things so dont need the app. So want the app shut down and removed
This piece of unwanted software constantly pushes its panel despite disabling it in settings. Also its impossible to disable application in whole.
I just got this phone as a replacement and this was already installed on it. We don't have Wi-fi and it probably won't connect to our TVs. I do not want this app on my phone. Would love to be able to uninstall it.
I emailed about my issue and still have not heard anything, since this new update I can no longer connectmy phone to my TV. I live in an area without a tower and cannot receive WiFi, I depend on my phone for internet and to screen mirror to my TV i do not have a hot spot either so now I can't connect to my TV unless I have wifi or internet service it is so frustrating that I haven't used my TV in weeks
Not working well.. most of the time or i say every time (1 / 50 ) only power on button works and other not
Missing some automation for home security. The old app would automatically arm and disarm the home security sensors based on my phone's GPS location. The new one no longer does this.
Samsung 4k 55" SmartTV linked. You can only control the TV from the app AFTER turning it on from the TV remote. Defeats the purpose of using the app.
I have several Samsung products. I like all but the phone now. Give us the choice to keep or remove! I don't think I'll be getting the phone next time.
It worked fine until the update in June 8. Now my curtains controllers are presented to Google as lights, so every time I say OK GOOGLE LIGHTS ON my curtains get open PLEASE FIX THIS BUG ASAP
Dear developers, know that your decision to force this app upon us will have a negative impact on your karma.
It's legit. I use it for my three Bluetooth speakers and I each have them doing something different or have one set on the dual play and the other for something else. It also brought back the separate app sound feature which I love.
It's the best app I've had for controlling for example my T.V. using my phone, and the great thing about it is that it can do much more than just controlling your t.v.
When will you support Celsius on display?! Enough is enough. You forced everyone to switch to this app instead of the previous one, yet basic functionality is no missing.
It's a setback from the smartthings classic app. It is still buggy and things don't work as they supposed to work. Automation seems to be broken in some cases.
View app and browsing history and everything I do and report Samsung... what for? Started also to crash every 5 minutes and phone is unusable. Cannot disable or uninstall!!!!!
It can see my LIFX bulb, but no WeMo smart plug support. For me, this is only partially useful
I don't care about this app, I'm just so glad they replaced the forced third party bloatware know as Peel Smart Remote... That app kepts randomly opening ads on my screen.
Updated review...the app is working after several months of it being down. It works okay, wish there was a way to schedule what colors I want at a specific time for my Hue lights. previous review... Why sell items when your software doesn't work, and you have no expected fix time! Is been almost a month and I still can not connect my hub! (Called support; they said there is a bug in the software)
More bloatware I can't uninstall. Stop bundling useless stuff, Samsung!
I don't understand why it needs access to my browsing history and my bookmarks, not do I understand how this will help the app function better. I am declining the upgrade until I understand this more fully.
I don't want to use the app, but I cannot uninstall or disable it. All I can do is uninstall the updates and ignore the subsequent update messages.
Don't want it on my phone don't want to give it any more permissions can not delete or disable why doesn't the consumer have a choice
None of my lights work in this thing. A lot of the custom drivers for things aren't functional. I end up using the original application for just about anything.
The app used to work well but after the update the App intermittently gives you the option to mirror screen which I use for work alot. Sometimes when it actually connects the screen rotates but the orientation is wrong.
Why do I need this blotwate with all the permissions? I can't uninstall this piece of junk sitting on my phone. Please make it optional
Useless app. Probably selling our info since it needs such intrusive permissions
Want to uninstall!! Very intrusive app that I do not have any need for.
don't really need this and can't even uninstall. after this I just want to switch to Sony TV as my Samsung tv can't even be used with this ...
I do not know what this is or why I would care but it's started sending me notifications. why can't I uninstall the app? I have all the automation apps I need. ..
Please fix the galaxy s7 bluetooth. Was working perfect before system update. Did a factory reset, still broken
I want to uninstall and use the remote. Can anyone tell me how to do that? What if I lose my phone? What if my phone I'd dead? What if I'm gone and my husband wants to watch TV. All of the above has happened. This is a big pain!
Bluetooth headphones wirked great one day. This app then got an update and now I'm struggleing to get it to work half the time. Keeps putting the audio output to phone instead of the headphonea and I cant change it 98%of the tine due to the little drop down now appearing whne it should. That part should be on the main dashboars instead.
Have just purchased a 2018 model smart TV and the app does not support it. This was one of the features that I hoped to use.
Don't like any app forced upon me. I own. The samsung phone, nothing else. Don't like that the app can't even be disabled.
Why insist on accessing contacts, loc and phone etc? When I deny these permissions the app refused to open
Don't need it.. can't uninstall.. 1star cause 0 is not an option. Edit: Lol I just noticed its #4 trending lmfao... yea.. cause it's a forced update.. smh.
Something I did not want . Something that I'm stuck with and won't use thanks Samsung different brand next time.
New permission is a huge security risk. There is no reason this app needs to read your system logs. App requires you to give access to contacts to work. This app should not REQUIRE contact access to work it should be optional. App requires BT and WI-FI enabled to add a device manually. The app should not force users to have BT o to add devices. You should prompt users if they want it enabled to find more devices but default it as a must is poor development practices. What if I'm using android on a device without bluetooth, basically samsung connect would then be completely useless. While it's true most phones have bluetooth, they are not the only android devices. TVs android boxes, ect. There are many things out without BT. And there are also reasons why users want BT turned off. Samsung has really dropped the ball on external support as well, they have added almost 0 new compatible devices over the year. Falling far behind other smart hubs. A lot of the bugs have been fixed, but a new driver update today for vacuums broke the history section. You can no longer open up the thumbnail maps to view a larger zoomable version. The automation limitations are bad too. If I want a custom automation I should be able to say for something to do this and this, not this only. Why should I need to make 2 automatons, 1 to change the vacuums power and one to start the vacuum. The schedule I'm the driver is garbage, you can't set days or times or power. Its 1 generic schedule. Not everyone wants to vacuum at the same time every day. Please put some thought into making this more useful. Though you haven't put out any new vacuums so maybe you are getting out of the business and just letting it suffer until people jump ship to a different company .
Even with location info set the app crashes on setting sunset triggers. Useless completely unrelated error message.
After last update it does not work properly with my samsung tv, I can not change chanels anymore and it does not show me the guide. Please fix
I have a samsung tv it wont find and two samsung air conditioning units that it also wont find not happy about this at all
Bloody bloatware from hell. I hate you Samsung for forcing this app on us.
This app is uncontrollable...it came with my j6 infinity(samsung)..the notification bar is unremovable..this made me to uninstall this
Never asked for this to be installed, I have no need for it and it can't be disabled. I guess this defines it perfectly as SPAM.
Useless and to top it off you can't remove it. Another piece Samsung SPAM
This app is just stealing our information and u cant disable or uninstall it
Had a notification alert on the app for days but there is nothing to be viewed or opened. Very annoying
Easy to use app with a good amount of detail for your device. What I like the most is that the app gives me battery levels of my bluetooth headset which before was a guessing game.
After update, car audio bluetooth randomly cuts out, the speaker volume on my device has degraded.
Hold up a min why the hell are we still seeing Korea here were bot in the European no more so why we still see these daft apps pathetic honestly I dnt trust any of Samsung 1bit
Bloatware that I can't even disable. Too many permissions needed.
Keeps crashing, interrupting and interfering with other apps. Cannot uninstall it either.
The app shows my robot vacuum charging but gives me an error saying my Robot Vaccum Cleaner isn't connected although it shows that it is connected, and currently charging. Then if I start the robot with the included remote, I receive notifications that it has started etc. But as soon as I open the app even after receiving notifications about my robot vacuum, then it still tells me that my robot is not connected despite it giving me updates on my robots state. I've tried resetting and re adding with Samsung's customer service but it still does not work which is the only way to use certain features of the robot. Wouldn't recommend any product that relies on this software as Samsung's support is quite lacking in this department
Unwanted app that can't be disabled and demands access to my information.
Not Good needs to much permissions trying to take over my phone.
Use to work fine. Ever since the last update has been useless.
The previous version was better. My door/temperature sensors no longer keep a log as they previously had. Needs ability to set multiple smart home monitors with independent notification tones over the existing allowance of only one monitor function.
stupid app. need so many permissions.besides,it CANNOT UNINSTALL.
Love the app i'm still in the process of adding devices to my home for more automation but I cannot add an august smart lock even if the device is zwave compatible and the device is even already connected to the zwave network as the august app show me
App keeps crashing even when I don't use it and thanks to Samsung can not be uninstalled!
It requires an insane amount of permissions. You can not uninstall nor disable it. Ugly bloatware.
Why does it need all these permissions? Why can't I disable this junk app? I don't want it!
Waste of time and shame it can't be removed unless you get rid of the Samsung rom
This is absurd.. Why does it need access to my contacts to run a washing machine..
Why cannot i disable this app? It is occupying my phone memory unnecessarily
I think it's really good you know it helps a lot of people out you know thanks and happy I think I'm some sort of waves anyway people you haven't seen for a while and things like that you get to catch up in a field of the year
Totally useless and not worth the space it takes up, but unable to delete.
I will never use this, and it's ridiculous that I can't uninstall it. It asks for too many permissions.
Horrible ui compared to SmartThings original app. Unusable
When I want to view my TV(2018 Q6FN)on my phone, it's a green and purple pixelated mess. Remote works just ok.
I have no devices to control and therefore do not need this app. Unfortunately, I can't uninstall this app. It sucks
I don't need this app on my phone, but I can't uninstall it. It has too many permissions, why?
Would never connect and it would be nice if I can just use the ir blaster. No radio/cd player
My house doesn't have all these high dollar devices
Never works. Old app worked more consistently
It always says update but it is updated. Wish I couldn't uninstall this unnecessary app.
Yet another POS Bloatware taking up space and ram . Can't uninstall it. Can't disable it. USELESS !!!
I don't know how or what to do with this app it doesn't really give a walk through or instructions to me so maybe y'all can email me and let me know or something
Sorry, I didn't know what's going on? forgive me? I thought hacker breaks in mine. Help me and fix mine. Thank you. TECHNICAL workers
Does not work as advertised. App works infrequently and is not reliable.
Since update my car doesn't auto-connect and need to do a minute process to connect my phone. It's really frustrating.
After update app i can't able to connect my samsung smart tv UA32ES5600R
Can't uninstall or disable this built-in app, and it takes up over 100MB. No reason for this to be a system app.
Not sure how to delete items once added to the hub. Have issues with items disconnecting and not able to get them reconnected.
This app is a nuisance, I don't need it how do I remove it?
I hated cant connect with my bluetooth in my car don't bother I want off my phone but I cant. Hate it hate it
Needs to not give the notifications. Like the number next to the app. Its annoying and won't go away.
Fails to discover Samsung Connect Home on LG G6 phone.
Ever since ive updated the app, it no longer connects to my Samsung TV. What's the problem?
This new version stinks! Long load times, slow, unresponsive.
Do not like this new update.... my old automation settings are all gone! Wth ? Where is the home security feature?
Can we get an option to group bulbs together in the dashboard so we only have to flick one switch. Not to mention a color slider would work better than the temperature numbers
Cannot uninstall. Too many permissions. Ridiculous.
I don't want this forced upon me garbage, and I don't agree with its permissions. And yet I can't disable it.
Won't accept valid logon info. Same problem with tablet an phone.
Have issues with Bluetooth connectivity. Doesn't get connected properly with car device
After the latest update.. my wifi just keeps on disconnecting and shows internet not available on wifi;though internet is available on same wifi to another device.
What the heck is this anyway? I hate bloatware.
Horrible, brand new Q9, and S9+... Garbage NEVER syncs, and when it does, connection drops out every 3 minutes.
Device controller can't be downloaded on my pixel 2xl. Which basically means I can't do anything with this app. Useless.
I've never used this app and probably never will, but have to install updates for it twice a week and can't remove it
Great app, would like it to support Google nest product's and home security systems that use many home automation products already compatible. Overall this is a great app that keeps getting better
Cannot turn TV on. Poor connectivity. Major improvement needed.
I really like the app but it isn't working right after the recent update. I have to go to the app to change my music from bluetooth to phone; the app icon no longer drops down automatically.
I wish I could use it. But it is unusable
Let us delete this. The "smart panel" stays up no matter if you if you disable it or not.
Why do I have this on my phone if I don't want it? I can only uninstall updates.
Supports appliances such as Air Conditioners, Refrigerators, Washers, Dryers, Cooktops, Ranges & Ovens but NOT Samsung Smart Dishwashers? :(
One plus 6 mobile not support this app.i have Samsung curved smart TV
Probably OK if you have all Samsung house but the support to non Samsubng aircon and some other categories non exist. Some categories like light bolbs have multi companies support.
I downloaded this for my tv but everytime I tried to connect to the TV it always crashed
Used to work before update, now won't connect to Samsung TV. Error ME47??
With the recent update this app is more trash.
Don't work with Samsung 32M5100 led TV ,
It sucks won't connect to television and I didn't want it and can't delete app my phone updated and it cut downloaded
Requires too many permissions... Also won't let me setup without downloading a Samsung browser.
There is no disable button. I don't own anything that would use this app.
Remote does not work thru Xfinity set top box
Hate it. Every thine it updates, it makes my phone call my car. I want it gone.
Need to connect my phone every now and then. Get disconnected for some time.
Well over all a gud effort. I want to suggest onething. On samsung tv this application works as tv remote only when it is online. The remote control functionality should be available offline too.
Pretty easy to use, now has more stuff on the list including window shade.
The app worked great until the new updates came out now the app will not operate my late model Samsung TV.
Does not support Brave browser for login.
A real bad and non functional app
Doesn't work lost of the to control my Samsung TV which is s 2017
Someone pls can tell me how to use mirroring from my note 8 to TV with this app. Sometimes it gives me access to see my phone display on tv, but usually only videos and photos. I need only mirroring, idk how to turn on it manually. Thanks.
Don't want it. Cannot get rid of it.
Less function than classic smartthings. Less addable devices. I'll be switching back until this app is brought up to at least par with classic.
Things never stay connected like they should and are a pain to reload
I am not able to play tv sound on my mobile
Please add battery percentage of the connected device. Also want to know how much does very high battery level denote and how much does high denote and how much percetge is denoted low?. Is there a chart to identify how much charge is noted as 'high' 'low' and 'very high'
ok..it just always says that the TV needs to be off...or it's not connected when it is
Rubbish app doesnt allow me to connect with tv anymore
It's great. One small addition that would make it perfect would be the ability to bring up a keyboard on the TV remote for inputting account logins faster. That's it though. Really is a great app.
Bloatware I can't remove. I don't want/need it.
Missing the Security aspect is vital and the limits are too many. I have to learn webcore to fully appreciate it.
Doesn't work as quickly as it needs to. Not dependable.
Can no longer sync my Fitbit since this app went on. Help please!
Make it go away, i dont want it.
TV remote work well. Would have given ONE more star if I could use phone keyboard function when using the internet browser.
All the time bluetooth get disconected From the music system
Before i watching tv on phone now this function not work
Notifications keep popping up after I turned it off
Not user friendly taking lot time to download things
Every time you add an offset (+/- sunrise/sunset) in automation an error is received and the offset does not work.
Why isn't Chromecast supported? It's been out there for years...
All my devices keep disconnecting and reconnecting. Very annoying.
Does not work with TP-LINK socket outlets.
Connection is either unstable or doesn't work
b'\xc4\xb0ts not really have improve active'
Didn't ask for it. Don't want it. I don't want more bloatware on my phone. But surprise, here it is, and it can't be uninstalled.
Amazed by that but doesn't work all all streaming accounts
'View tv on phone' is showed upside-down when using clear standing view case for note 8
Just brilliant but was a nightmare to originally get machine to link to the app.
WHY I AM FORCED TO INSTALL THIS APP ? I WANT AN UNINSTALL OPTION ASAP.
Have no use for this. Can't remove it. Updates want more permissions.
Since the most recent update will not connect to my Yamaha reciever. Please fix!
Devices stopped working after ST update
It stopped connecting to my TV in 2 hours
Just give this app all the permissions in the world.
Interrupted everything I was trying to do with ads
FROM OUR OR ALL PEOPLE CAN HELP OUR CARRIER BECOME THE PERSON TRULY IS TELLING OR BEING ALL THEY CAN LEARN AND BE
Once downloaded you cannot delete this app and the app takes permission that was not given, it's a scram!
Good app and seems to recognize devices but I can no longer turn on my TV when its off
I want to remove it, but cannot figure out how to do so.
Can't even add your own hub
Consistent notices that won't go away . Useless to me .
I have no use for this app and I cannot uninstall or disable it.
Need to fix the many screen mirroring issues
Great idea.. great features... when it works. Constantly have to reconnect tv to this app
Useless bloatware that wants ALL THE permissions
Why so many permissions? Device and app history..really?
why release an app before it is ready, cant control 90% of my devices
Wanna come round and see if I can get the best out of you and your mate's
Bloatware. I want it removed.
Not able to cast my mobile any video's properly on my TV. Videos are strucking while playing.
Something that is on my phone and crashes nonstop.
1 estrella porque no se puede desintalar y no me es util a mi...
After the update I couldn't use my screen mirroring. Is there a way to go back to the previous update
The app works well once you figure out how to use it. One suggestion is on the history of the vac run, that you add where home is located so we could tell really what is cleaned
Identifies smart items, however will not connect to them when prompted.
It communicated with my Samsung tv until an update and it stopped sensing it.
Why does this app need permission for contacts
It should have button or disable or beat of all uninstall
Always starts bluetooth...dont know why?!
Bloatware that i cant even disable
It is missing features from classic
I dont want this app
Ok, it all works, but it's called a family hub! Why can only one person be connected at a time?
I purchased a Powerbot vacuum which seems to work quite well but the app falls to connect to the vacuum about 70% of the time that I ooen it.
Doesn't integrate with Google home
Just a sassy potato, user interface is to much at the beginning, scanning for devices should be at the front. Adding manually should be a expert option
App does work well with the devices.
Doesn't connect with Samsung brand vacuum. Can't figure out support.
It was amazing before the latest update because now I have to accept it on the tv everytime I try to use the remote which sucks
Use it occasionally on my Samsung TV... Does what it says it does well. Not tried it with any other devices.
Does not work tablet k
Superb app. Let's me control all my samsung equipment. Love it. Let's me leave the remotes and just use my a5 2017. Well happy.
Completely useless since it requires it's own hardware.
I hate this bloatware garbage
Could be better if you add widgets for the device's added. So I can just use that to use my TV instead of searching for the app on my phone.
Can not set it up for my new washer feed back to Samsung has not produced any acceptable results.
app cannot be uninstalled, very similar to spyware / virus
Great concept but doesn't find my brand new Samsung smart TV.
Bloatware that can't be uninstalled
You need a DNA sample too?
It needs several thousands of updates per second
Make this app work.in windows tablets as it does on phones l Please
Simple and usable. Have tried aircon function so far... For the aircon function, can you add "hours" on the energy monitoring instead of "kwh" only?
Love it! I use this app all the time and Samsung is great I have the phone refrigerator washer dryer and stove the smarthub connects everything love it!
There is no way up save or backup the hub settings.
Was able to set up my connect home but the list of supported devices is much smaller on my note 8 than on my other HTC phone
Can't uninstall, got the app accidentally.
Issue after issue with connection
Keeps telling me to update and I go to update and there's no update
Luong Thi Thuy Duong..
b"WHY WON'T IT STAY CONNECTED??? ????"
Can't connect with any entertainment devices thus far
Will buy android again. Won't be Samsung.
Works for my vacuum cleaner
According to the app the TV is off even though it's not . The TV and the phone are connected to the same network
Now I can control all of my Samsung devices in home
Working with more and more devices!!
b'Not work for App??'
I can't add any device..I'm search many device like Samsung tv...but not founded.....
I love it.. awesome app..I use it to control my TV when my remote batteries are dead or can't find the remote
It's terribly wrong
Can not loging with SmartThings account or previously installed hub.
Asks for too many permissions
Connects to appliances then doesn't. Restart the appliance and it connects.. then it won't again.
Smart things keeps disconnecting my car bluetooth constantly
Just wish I could get it uninstalled
Could not sign in. Could not connect to robot vacuum
Why showing update controller every time
Issues connecting to smart TV often is my only concern
I'm a big Samsung fan and will always insist this app be the only music player on any galaxy I own :)
Cannot connect the phone to devise
I think this app should be deleted for any phone
Absolutely awesome. Love it. So easy to use and set up.
Too many permissions.
It's not working with my Samsung 40x32 tv
Can't figure out to get the weather in my area
I like Samsung
Need morr accoracy
b"Wow Samsung I can't even turn up volume when I play music or play a video ??"
Don't need or want this app but can't get rid of it.
Not working on my s7.Always asking for controller update.
Does not provide access to device history
cant download the remote samsung 7 series
Samsung please don't write software
How can i take this off
This apps.can help men in terms of demu for selling
b'Cool app ?? .I know you can do better'
After update its not conneting dont update
It doesn't like my car radio. No clue why.
Very easy and simple to use. Would just want a time clock to set it to go on and off thru out the day
Wish I could delete this app
Ok to use but how to get qwerty keyboard to type?
It's cool I just don't like how it doesn't show up on my task bar anymore
Won't recognize ADT smart hub code.
Sometimes it works and sometimes it does not.
Takes too long to connect devices
Works well with my samsung products.
Don't need and can't uninstall
Nu7100 model not available in this app
Not working on Huawei P10!!!
Current version needs a lot of updates. Legacy app was/is much more powerful.
Zero Nest Support
Don't work!
Can't add my TV UA43N7100
Constant issues with Samsung Hub connectivity.
samsung new innovation I like it
App works well...However documentation and online support leave room for improvements
It's good but have some small bugs
It's okay
Don't want it.
Any update for tv 2018
Robot Vac never connects
This is the best ever,I highly recommend it, I am enjoying every bit of it
Has a long way to go
every time i open any photo a massage appers that smartthings will open again
Finally able to turn off call audio and keep music on with bluetooth devices. Keep it up!
Too many bugs
I just purchased the Samsung 3pack mesh router. Absolutely amazing! Beyond simple to use
It's alright I guess
If only it would work.
If I were smarter I would like it more otherwise it's perfect
Love it. Very convenient. Hope i dont accidentally trn on appliances at home though.
Excellent app. Waiting for more exciting features in near future. Thanks to the developer.
Pairs up to my smart TV instantly and I'm able to watch the TV on my phone or my phone through the TV, it's great
Too much stuff on it
Simple to use, would like it to be tablet friendly, would also like to have the ability to go from portrait to landscape.
Its good app well thoughtout especially in the era of smart houses
Don't want this app. Need to be able to disable or uninstall it!
Don't need it
It makes connecting different Bluetooth devices quick and easy!
It is amazing app. Thank you samsung, luv u
Really helpful when you cant find the tv remote or dont have one for our Samsung tv..
Absolutely terrible.
Why can't the app turn the TV on, only off? Only 40% useful.
I Like it
A mazinh
Loved him
It's always on point.
It's ok for now
Love this App. Very useful especially when i can't find my remote lol
I was able to cast screen easily before i updated the app
Manificient degrees of smartphone use to make connected started working1
Keeps disconnecting devices
Doesn't link to TV....
It stalls on my TV..But it does work!
Can't even sign in, I get stuck on "in progress... "
b'I have only phone ??????'
The remort to control the samsung smart tv could be much better
Besides having to the Wifi come on when u use it its pretty awesome
Works well.
Amazing. I can control my samsung TV through my phone
I love Smart things! I love it!
SAMSUNG IS THE BEST OUR COUNTRY
Most helpful app when using bluetooth devices
Don't works.
Works great on my Galaxy Note 5
It help control different devices in the same app. Thanks
Usefull apps for connecting samsung smartphone to other multimedia devices
I works very strong and also very fast
Used to be good. Now can't turn on TV.
Wowwwwwwwww such amazing app I never seen
Very useful in connecting multiple devices.
Clean intuitive design, with quick and easy and easy connectivity to the hardware
Very cool app and user interface is easy to understand.
I AM HAPPY
How can i uninstall this???
Xbox One perfect streaming!!!! Most times
So far i find this app adequate for my needs.
So far so good, still learning how to use it.
b'The best app ever thumbs ??'
Works much better now after the latest update.
It works just fine for my TV and my cel
Cool app!!!!
Is nice app I like it
I love what Samsung is doing !
Not working
It works
I like it
Samsung is like Marvel over D.C?
this app is bullfrog
I like it
Not sure
is a pain in my as
Like it when i see everything that is connected.
Samsung why
Keep growing...
Help technology become more relevant
Bonjour
Sometimes it's work sometimes not
Amazing to do as a single mom mother
Great app...user friendly...UI very easy to understand and follow
Confusing app
Samsung brand products are good. They are innovative.
Stupid app
Excellent, as are all my Samsung products.
Love the camera feature!!
Love using this app, works great!
Bloatware
Needs robust conditional logic.
Great app ty Samsung
Really i love it and thx a lot
Needs a lot of work
b'Bom????'
It cool and easy to use .
Old app is way better
OMG this is a really good app
In one word, AWESOME , that's what it is, end of story
love it, n easy to use
this apps are very good for me...
Not bad ,, normal good
goods
Thanks
It's support for LG smart tv?
fgj
Yes
It's awesome thanks.
One of the best one.
bloatware
Great app. Try it
It's pretty good
i will see how it work
Need time to evaluate
Its awesome and cool
Very useful in fact
It's not bad
Easy, clear, functional
Captivewear
Okay
Brillent
Its useful
Cool all round..
very usefull app
Was better without it
I love the app
Would like to uninstall
Good system
Love it so far!!!!!!
Very nice & responsive
b'Have to evaluate. ??'
BLOATWARE
Ok
Like
Yyy
suck
thank
Supper
b'\xd8\xaa\xd9\x86\xda\xa9\xd8\xb3'
Nope
af
I HATE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's perfect
b'Really "smart" idea????'
Wow. Love it
Great!
Good App
Awesome app
Nice aap
The best
Really helpful
Great ap
Great app
Great Thanks
GOOD APP
The best
Great app
Good one
I love it
Good app
b'??????'
b'??????'
Awesome!!!
Loved it!
Good
Bad
good app...
Good one
Good application
Good overall
Nice app
good stuff
great app
Good application
app is good
Absolutely amazing
Amazing app
It is great
Seems fine
Great app
Useless
Annoying
loving it.
Awesome app.....
Good
Awesome
Good
Good
Love it
Good
Good
Excellent
Good
good
Good
Nice
Amazing
Great
Love it
Great
Love it
Good
Loved it
Cool.
Good
Awsome
Good
Nice
Phenomenal
Good
nice
Nice
Cool
Great
Nice
Good
Love it
Muah
Loved
Awsome
Good
Good
Nice
Great
Good
Best
Good
Good app
Nice app
The more Samsung tries to force people to have these apps like this one, without having the option to remove from phone for people not interested.. the more the people will root/jailbreak their phone or turn to other brands! Samsung... you will loose more members than gain if you continue forcing people to have your apps which take up lots of memory for nothing! Make your apps optional and not manditory..
Funny how the majority of the ratings fall under 3 stars, yet the total rating is 5 stars, I call BS :-) With that, I have 2 be the biggest Samsung fan but I don't want to be told what apps to use on my phone. Every app, minus system apps, should allow the customer the option to uninstall. I "forced stopped" the app & disabled the permissions, for personal reasons. However again, customers should be able to make their own decisions, we pay ridicous money 4 for the phone & service. I'm not an "Apple" owner 4 just this reason, I want to make my own decisions - Thank you.
I installed the hub to replace my Staples Hub. I dont have the control over each device like I did with the Staples hub. It's either your home or away. I like leaving some on all the time, like in the empty upstairs apt Or down cellar. Or having them automatically come on at a set time, like when I have retired for the night. I figured buying Samsung would would have been as step up, not a step backwards.
Rubbish. Every time i connect my speaker it takes ages messging around turning it off and on getting it to connect, then once connected it just doesn't play or plays really loud and doesn't turn down. Then the connection is so junping when i use my phone while playing music. Stupod useless app. How do i unstall
Bloatware Edit: This is the sort of tone-deaf response that makes me want to buy other devices. I don't care about this app or the older app. I do not want this stuff on my phone. Samsung has *actively* prevented me from removing it. STOP DOING THAT. Edit 2: Months later and now I'm getting pop ups from this app that I can't remove and never use. This is how malware behaves. Edit 3: Now it wants my browsing history? This is malware.
Far too intrusive. I don't understand why you need access to my browsing history and bookmarks. This app is to connect my phone to devices so why do you need personal and private information like that? Is nothing private anymore seriously? Bring back the old phones like 3310 where you don't have all your private info accessed
If you're bought into the Samsung ecosystem of iot devices, this might be for you. I'm not, I only have a Samsung phone and I'm stuck with this app and a bunch of other Samsung apps I don't want on my phone. Also, I've noticed ever more liberal permissions settings on Samsung apps as they try to suck up your personal data. Bottomline - don't want the app, can't uninstall it and the app is getting more invasive, BOO Samsung
I live in Germany. I don't speak German. My phone's language is set to English. This idiotic app shows 60% of the content in German, 40% in English. It's confusing and ruining any potential for a good user experience. Apps like this make life for expats so pointlessly complicated. I know you have an English version, why don't you let me use it?
Awful awful app. I have many samsung products that used to work well. The smarter the apps get the dumber they are. Smartview used to work so well. Now the setup is just plain awful and actually doesn't work. I have S9 and TV purchase a few months ago (new stuff) and they DO NOT talk together.
This app is trash. I use it for my smart tv seeing my dog ate my remote and dont feel like spending an arm and leg. Well now I will be spending the money because the constant having to shut off my tv and hoping that turning it back on again will make it so I can actually use the remote. I force close it but yet it still says the tv is off when I'm watching it so I have to wait for it to work. Its super frustrating
Spyware! I don't want nor do I need/use this app. With all the permissions it demands (especially for an app that I had no choice/option in allowing to be on my phone) it is ridiculous! Why do I have to have this? We should have the control on what apps are downloaded to the devices we paid for, and services we continue to pay for. I've been a loyal customer of Samsung's products for many years... but that may change. Please fix the invasions of privacy that has started.
b'COMPLETLY USELESS APP and please tell me why I cant uninstall this IT? It appeared on my Note8 after the last update. Maybe it was there before but I didnt notice it because it wasnt invading my phone now the notifications are driving me insan and try as may I cant aeem to keep them turned off. I dont need or want this app on my phone so please explain how to remove it. Worst app I have had from Samsung, someone dropped the ball on this one guys ????'
The latest update requires permission to read my browsing history and bookmarks! What possible reason would it require that? Unable to uninstall or even disable this bloatware/spyware. Luckily my contract is up soon. Don't think I can trust Samsung any more.
I'm at a complete loss as to why this app exists at all when the classic version works so well. I find the UI confusing. I can't add phones as presence sensors, but I can in the classic version. There is a long delay in switching/sensing lights. I can see why the app was pushed to our phones rather than letting us load from Playstore; no one would have!! Please remove this app until you can fix it.
Asks for a new permission, "Device and App History". No explanation in app description or from Smart Things representatives in review replies. Feels like they try to hide what's going on so I'll be deactivating this app, since I can't uninstall it. I also disapprove of Samsungs bloatware policy. Next phone will likely be different brand with Android One.
Feels like a big downgrade from smartthings app. I regret wasting my time resetting up every smart device I have on this. Which, that as well, is pretty stupid that it is required to setup everything again. Very poor, I'm angry even... That's how bad it is.
I see no use for this application at the moment as I have little or no smart devices in my house. Please tell me how to uninstall it completely so it doesn't reinstall again every time I run an update. In other words, make it go away.
samsung everytime puts another permission on its apps. it is becoming like an NSA but private. good thing i can remove your packages and install new launchers as well as blocking some system functions. I hope the eu commission will see what you are doing, i tried to highlight it to them already, and i invite european users to do it aswell, eu is pretty sensitove to this and will slam samsung for that
Don't want it, don't need it, can't disable or uninstall, and why the hell does it need all the permissions to read bookmarks, history, phonecalls etc etc to operate a TV or other device? Refusing to update and seriously considering never buying anything Samsung again because of this. I don't take kindly to an attempt at invading my privacy for no reason other than datamining.
This app keeps crashing as soon as it is launched on multiple devices of my own and friends. We have even uninstalled and reinstalled with same issue, I can no longer control any of my smart products. Update: I was told to contact support but I app doesn't stay open as stated up so therefore your reply is not useful
Samsung bloatware that constantly crashes, interferes with other apps initiating. I keep trying to freeze it , force stop, disable, and NOTHING works. HATE this app!!! Update: NO I don't care whether you UNDERSTAND what the issue is with my phone. I WANT THIS USELESS APP OFF MY PHONE!!!! Hate, hate, HATE it!!!! I was thinking I'd get a new S9, my fourth Samsung phone in a row. NOW I'm thinking I won't be buying any more Samsung phones.
App does not work. Everyday I am asked to redo the tutorial. What a waste of time. Nothing that it says it can do in the tutorial it will do. The only thing this app does is recommend apps I do not want. No voice interaction. I am at a total loss as to what it can do. I just end up turning it off everytime it comes up
Thanks for the reply. My philosophy on machines is that the should be dumb, as in do what I instruct them to do and not try to predict my choices. Let me think for myself, stop trying to do it for me. This app is all about predictive behavior models and so violates that basic 'free will' tennant.
The permissions it requires are ridiculous. Why give Samsung info I don't share with anyone else? Disappointed beyond words. Now scared to use the internet on my phone for fear of hacking. It does seem to me that in recent months, the number of incidents of phishing and foreign account sign in attempts has increased in my email accounts. Related? Please do not send me a canned response. Infuriating to read it over 15k times over this issue. Do something about it
Please tell me how to uninstall the app. I've seen earlier replies, so don't refer me to the Help menu in the app. That's unreachable without given too many permissions. Clearly statements that the app works without signing off on all the permissions is not completely true.
Excessive permissions to the point of being dangerous. Samsung: The number of 1 star reviews is quickly approaching 5 star reviews. That should tell you something. As much as I love my device, I may have to consider another brand in the near future.
Just another in the much hated, never-ending and accelerating stream of unwanted and forced Samsung "bloatware." I have owned and loved a number of Samsung phones and devices, but this major issue is forcing me more and more toward moving to other products and companies. You are good, but not irreplaceable, Samsung!!
Good app, love that it can stay on the notification tray. My problem is the services I add to Dashboard repeatedly disappear so I have to go over to "Devices" and add them. Always have the latest update but they still disappear within a day or two of adding them :( Note 8 non-rooted.
I am surprised to a company like Samsung shooting a buggy app like this. No option of change of network if one is set earlier. Even uninstalling and reinstalling does not fix the issue. End result -- it did not work with TV
I do not want this app on my phone. I'd gladly disable it if I could. It is unnecessary bloatware that is taking up valuable space that some other app could use and constantly annoying me with notifications despite all notifications being blocked.
Tons of permissions, including the most important: contacts. And it refuses to run unless you hand them over - though there is no reason this app should require that. I'm generally pretty easy going about privacy, but this is slimy.
I didn't request this so why does Samsung think it acceptable to install on my phone??? Samsung does not pay my phone bills and has no right to install a useless app on my phone! I do NOT want my phone to be used as a remote. Please stop doing this or I will switch to a different android phone!
I really love the hub. It's amazing and would love for Samsung and Google to allow me to play with devices and apps that could make remote living simpler. I can watch my back pastures, monitor leaks in my aquaponics, and use less energy with my heatlamps for my lambs,kids, and chicks. I have said it before my family is probably the greatest spoke people for your products. Keep up good work, let us help!!
There is absolutely no reason for this app (or any other for that matter) to need permission to dig into every aspect of your phone, except to sell backend user data. This is a horrible example of overreach. And to top it off, the app works spotty at best.
I want to uninstall the entire application, and all data related it, not just the updates. I do not want this application and do not agree to its terms of use nor accept the privacy agreement. I do not accept or agree to this application accessing any hardware or other software on my device. I am not uninstalling the updates as I understand these may include security protection which if not installed will leave my device at risk. What I want too do is completely remove this application. I do not want too have to buy a new phone nor become a low caste member of society, an outcast, who does not have access to or use modern technology. My acceptance of the term of use are are therefore under duress and not legally valid.
STOP forcing apps on users, especially WITHOUT the option to uninstall them--a sure sign that Samsung has ZERO confidence in their ability to produce desirable software! I do not own any Samsung devices besides my Galaxy S7, so I have no need for this app--and, if I did, I would be uncomfortable granting so many permissions! Ironically, one of Samsung's most important historical advantages over Apple has been a commitment to the freedom of choice for users...way to voluntarily squander that lead!
Every since my phone updated to the new Smart Things app, my bluetooth no longer connects to my car. I've tried every setting possible and the only solution seems to be to re-pair it every time I get in my car. So much for being smart. I want the old Samsung Connect back.
Useless bloatware for 99% of people. IoT devices are the greatest threat to most peoples network security. Security is an after thought, if it's even considered at all on most IoT devices and vulnerabities are rarely if ever updated which creates an easy attack vector for hackers. I will never use this app and do not want it on my tablet.
Why does this app need to view my browsing history and bookmarks? That seems very intrusive for an app to connect my phone to a tv. Is anything private anymore? Will not be installing far too nosey for my liking. Next they'll want to know what colour boxers you're wearing
I don't want it, I don't need it, I can't uninstall it, and now I get a message that this piece of garbage keeps stopping approximately every 2-3 minutes. A great way to push away customers by cramming broken bloatware down our throats, bravo Samsung.
You don't need my browser history or bookmarks or any access to my browser. For some stupid reason this app cannot be uninstalled or disabled. The link to "disable" on the Samsung website is a dead end. It just keeps returning you to the main support page. GARBAGE!!! Also love the generic copy and paste sorry but too bad response of the "support staff". Changing the name of your spyware app doesn't make it better.
Don't want or need this app. I'm sick and tired of getting the notifications to update this thing. Stop forcing your bloatware on your customers, Samsung! Chelsea, I'm.well aware of what this app is capable of abs I'm telling you, as many Samsung users have told other moderators in the past, we don't want this app. Most of us have no use for this app and therefore should lot be forced and alerted constantly of its need to be updated.
Pathetic! Another forced upon, useless, piece of garbage. I have many "Smart" devices in my homes and office, but I would rather throw them all in a blender then use or allow this app to control them. Truthfully, I haven't even opened this app, but from what I can tell, I'm glad I haven't. Would rate lower if I could, here is the reason, this app just showed up on my phone, threw out a bunch of annoying notifications, can't fully uninstall off my phone (S8+), and here's the kicker, I have auto updates turned OFF on my playstore except when on Wi-Fi, somehow this app was auto updating itself while not on wifi, had to find app in playstore and turn it off. STOP forcing YOUR products on my phone, its MINE.
It is rubbish! Doesn't even work, I had the TV on and it says it's not on! There is no point in even having this app, we have got TV remotes! But anyways if I could rate it zero stars I would! Because this doesn't even do it's job! It's not a Smarthing its a useless thing, no wonder everybody rated it One star.
Bloatware. If I didn't install it, I don't want it on my phone. And it's a security liability for Samsung because when (not if) they get breached, whatever information they're collecting on their users will be leaked. No thanks.
To summarize, this app makes the SmartThings Hub into a terrible useless device . This app is a massive leap backwards in usability when compared with the old SmartThings app. Automations no longer easy to set up and don't work. Geofencing is no longer accessible. On the main screen you can no longer see which other users are home. I had it set so that when both users left the geo-fenced area the alarm would set now that no longer works. I had it set so that when users came back inside the geofence or someone use the code to unlock the front door the alarm would disarm and that no longer works either. Also seeing the history for each connected device is no longer easy and often impossible. For example if I want to see how many times a motion sensor was triggered that is no longer accessible. I certainly wouldn't trust it to alarm if there was a water leak. I'll say it again that this app makes SmartThings Hub and devices pretty much useless.
I will never update or use this app, it needs way too many permissions. Samsung, please do not reply to this review, your cookie cutter replies are even more annoying than the app itself.
Didn't ask for it but tried it anyway. It completely rearranged my Arlo system and I had to reconfigure the mode it commandeered. Please let me delete it. I'm begging you, please! Update: To your suggestion to tap on help, that assumes I wish to run this app. I do not.
Samsung wants to be the next Google and Facebook. It seems they want all available permissions on all users data. And we can't uninstall the app, this has to be illegal. Honestly Samsung, keep this up and soon you'll go down like all of them! I'll just manually disable this app an end of all of my future Samsung devices. FYou!
Ruining Smartthings by requesting access to browsing history and bookmarks. Absolutely a no, disgraceful to even have this but also without a clear explanation. Privacy is important. This is a step too far and it may be time to put the Smartthings in a box in the attic.
Bloatware. Samsung you really messed up with exploding phones. Then you give us bixby! It's terrible! When are you going to stop bloating our phones and all this bothersome junk WE DO NOT WANT?!
This would be great if the "touch pad" for the TV was actual buttons. Without the center button for "ok" or "go" it's useless to use any of my streaming apps because I can't select anything. I'd like to use this for when I loose my remote (it's small and falls between cushions) but I can't turn on the TV or select things to play. Useless.
I don't want this app on my phone and I'm tired of the notifications and updates happening despite the fact I have the notifications on this app set to off. HATE IT!!! I don't want apps on my phone that I don't or won't use. Don't force me to have something I don't want Samsung.
The hardware is only as good as the software and this dumbed down version of the classic is buggy and simply doesn't work right. Either hire a decent programmer or contract it out. Well, we have an update. I installed the old classic app. It picked up the outbuilding controller and allowed control of it without pairing the controller. Interesting. I then removed the 2nd controller and paired it with the hub and reinstalled. It paired easily, even though it would not before I installed the new smart things app. It now controls the 2nd garage from the classic app. So, in short, you need the new app, and then the old app installed to make these work correctly. This is a programming mess. If I could give no stars, I would. Why? Because the support takes days to respond, and the recommended fix is to uninstall the controller, re pair, and reinstall. Get a ladder, unwire from the opener, take to the hub. Rinse and repeat. This software won't even tell you if it is online, like every other wi-fi device I have. One more time, and I'll remove the smart things hub, and use separate bridges.
Update to the new permission control. No excuse. Asking for permission on a use basis than on the moment of install is beneficial to the user. But that might be like asking Samsung to update their phone's software to the latest Android in a timely manner
Why the hell can't I delete this app. Does Samsung feel that it's more important that THEY decide what should be on my phone/ tab then the owner of it. Forcing me to keep bloatware that requires this much access to my personal information is a real hazard to Samsung's business model.
Just because I have a Samsung phone... that doesn't mean my whole house is automated. Completely ridiculous that this app can't be removed from the phone. This is suppose to be an app, which should simply be downloaded from Google play IF I NEED IT! This app would probably have a better rating if so many ppl like me didn't have to tell developers to allow us to remove their bloatware. Let's see if we can get this rating down to 1*
Like others don't like being forced to have the app. Have been purchasing Samsung products for over 8yrs. Tvs. Fridge. Speakers. Practically all electronics. And every phone me, my wife and siblings have owned in that time. This is the last. This is one customer that feels used and under valued. Don't care what you release next I won't be buying it.
This app wants WAY too many permissions. Why does it need full access to my phone, camera, microphone, contacts, photo gallery, etc? Facebook is less scary.
Yet another useless update with even more required permissions. The new one is not even described in terms of its purpose, so thank you Samsung for forcing this update of a pretty useless app (as of lately) and for failing to describe your permissions. I can't even disable the app to get rid of update notifications.
READ WHAT YOU ARE AGREEING TO! THERE REALLY IS NOTHING FREE ABOUT ANY OF THIS SO CALLED "free" STUFF! THEY GET TO COMPILE AND DISTRIBUTE VIRTUALLY EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU AND THOSE YOU KNOW. WHICH YOU AGREE THEY CAN SELL AND DISTRIBUTE AS THEY SEE FIT FOR A PROFIT! SHOULD ANYTHING GO WRONG AND YOU FALL THE INDEBTED AND RUINED VICTIM THEY STAND AS NEAR TO UNACCOUNTABLE AND BLAMELESS AS THE NEW republican RULES ON OUR ONCE ASSUMED PERSONAL NOW ALLOWS! I must be forgetting something...... That damn private email server .......
Looks like GARBAGE compared to the old app. Looks like Samsung is heading the same way Iris by Lowe's did when they introduced the second generation. You have to reconfigure all device if you decide to use the new app. Not cool, why do we have a login if it can't pull all the existing data already configured???
Step backwards from SmartThings app. I can't even get my Arlo cameras to show the stream. What's the point if I can't even view the cameras? So I can get battery life and know the cameras are on??? There was always poor integration for Arlo meaning you couldn't watch recordings. But how I can't even see the live video.
On the last requested update the app said that it wants to access my phone's entire history on the apps I use etc? Or did I read it incorrectly? If it does now want my entire app and browser behaviour and I am correct in thinking that it did. Where does that put me in relation to GDPR and why is this history necessary for me to control my washing machine?
Old app WAY better! Honestly I tried, but this app is almost a joke compared to the old Classic app. I have both installed, but can't see EVER switching to this new app unless Samsung forces me to do so (please dear Lord do not force me to switch!).
The only Samsung product I own is this phone. Why do I have to give this app permissions to my personal data if I dont even use the app. And you give me no way to uninstall?? Not having a good experience with my very first Samsung product.
I have not used this, app, don't intend to use it, and it wants access to a whole bunch of permissions I don't think I want to share. Can't delete though as Samsung insist it's somehow necessary?
More Samsung bloatware they force on my device and don't allow me to remove. Another step towards my not buying any further Samsung products
I "STILL" have nothing this app can connect to. It's "STILL" just bloatware taking up 80Mb of wasted system memory that I need for something else so "AGAIN", unless Samsung is going to give me something to use it with then Samsung is just going to continue to violate my privacy which I never asked for. Despite Samsungs response IT IS STILL BLOATWARE. So..... "ELLEN" how about you walk me through your latest updates and enlighten me to the logic of the latest "DIS"-provements. Your social media team has already done a sterling job of convincing me not to buy any more Samsung devices as it is so why not finish the job and drive this customer of 15 loyal years away completely. It's about all Samsung does well these days.
I was happy watching youtube on my tv but samsung update the tv and guess what, youtube is gone. Then i enjoy watching rhe video on my phone on tv using direct wifi and smartthings, but then guess what. It update and i could no longer watch anything on my tv. My smart tv that cost me 2200$ because samsung do useless update um so mad
Required access on latest update means this is now fully uninstalled, disabled, and auto update turned off. Bloody Samsung garbage you can't fully delete :(
I don't have any Samsung devices beyond my phone, yet I'm stuck with this bloatware, which I can't even disable without rooting my phone. Reply to comment: I don't have any such devices, I don't want any such devices. It's a useless app I can't uninstall.
Smartthings has gone downhill fast over the last few months. Presence detection using Samsung devices is appalling and the only reliable sensor is the iPhone. How ironic. None of our Samsung devices work reliably with it any more and it's only good for switching plug sockets on and off these days. Will be selling and replacing with a system that can detect location for all the family. A real shame, as it used to be good, reliable and trustworthy, but not any more. Avoid at all costs.
Doesn't support Nest: the most popular smart thermostat. Okay as an alternative remote for my new Samsung TV. But I prefer the real remote and Nest already has a great app. So, SmartThings is basically worthless to me.
Connects when it wants to. It will show me my tv on phone and phone on tv, will evwn turn tv on then says its not connected. It is ridiculous
WAY to many permissions. why do you need my browsing history and web bookmarks to update the app? cant see any reason for that, and this alone is going to make me remove this. by the way, please don't tell me to read about the permissions on the app site, there is NO mention of this specific permission requirement anywhere
What the heck.. it keeps shorting my phone. I can't use my phone and every time I get it uninstalled it automatically reinstalled itself several times a day.. please fix this, yall.. I love you and know you're working on it. Mahalo
This app is wants way to many personal permissions to do a simple task. This was my push to root my phone to get rid off this and other apps that can't simply be deleted. There is zero need for this app to ask for all the access it does
Not even close to replacing the classic app, hss improved latelt but its still a long way short of actually being useful. Doesn't even show useful events for most smart devices, was unable to find a way of setting up an auto unlock when someone arrives on my yale doorlocks, it only had the option to lock it... app regularly just resets and loses my preferences.
After upgrading from my previous galaxy, I thought this would be a great app but after having it link to my TV the first time, it no longer connects to my TV. Thought it was just the app on my phone and used my wife's S9 and it was the same thing. It only worked once and then it will not connect again. Hopefully they update this app and fix it's issue. Pretty disappointing for samsung phone.
Worst app on the planet! It takes over your phone. You can not disconnect things. I hate it. I don't want it yet it was forced on me.
I have been a big fan of Samsung products for years. They lost me as a customer for life because of my experience with the Galaxy S8 +. Do not force apps, including Bixby!!!!!!!
I don't appreciate this app being installed. Other than my TV and phone I DON'T OWN any smart devices, and I will continue to operate those manually, thanks. Will be uninstalling
Never agreed to installation in the first place, will be uninstalling **EDIT - I clicked uninstall which did nothing but make the option disappear, app is still on my phone**. The App is now asking for access to my browsing history, bookmarks and any apps that I have opened in order to update which is not in any way needed for the app to run. Nothing but spy ware to be used for targeted marketing.
It's more spyware fronting is bloatware forced on the user who gets penalized if you if you root the phone to get an operating system is compatible with your needs. It appears to be more corporate BS and I'm going back to the
This app use to work before the update, after the update the app won't connect to the vacuum but shows that its charging, so now I have an 1000 vacuum that can't do what it's supposed to do. The samsung costumer service tried to help but couldn't get it to work, I haved tried everything they ask me to do and nothing work.i have been using products for a long time and in that time I had trouble with this and the Samsung atmos soundsystem and I stopped using it, to tell the truth I'm about to stop using Samsung altogether.
I don't need the app, I don't want the app yet Samsung insist that I MUST have the app. Why? All this does is waste my valuable storage space and creates bad feeling toward Samsung. I will definitely think twice before purchasing Samsung in future
I am on expensive data and don't want this app and still it is updating. Get rid of this SOON. Another reason my next phone probably will not be a Samsung. All this stuff which is forced on me but auto-updates, that pissed me off big time
Following instructions after buying a Samsung Connect Home. Account login for app required my postal code... Demanding a 5 number code. Is that supposed to mean Canadians aren't allowed here? Or that you really don't care about my location? Two hours later RED AND GREEN LIGHTS STILL FLASHING. CONNECT APP NOT DETECTING IT. Sets up in minutes?!? Sure. Response to Samsung's reply - It Is NOT an initial problem. 24 hours later, red and green lights still flashing. The app on my phone still says to wait until those lights flash red and green. My Samsung account has no record of the new device even trying to connect. And the only information I can find online about this is from other people having the same problem. RUN AWAY. DON"T BUY.
Reducing review to 1 for inexcusably intrusive app permissions. I will *not* update until ALL permissions explained. Why does this (in addition to the insane number it already asks for) now ALSO need 'Device and App History' permission?? The need for this permission is *NOT* explained in the app description (despite Samsung reps erroneously claiming that it is). Samsung reps also suggest you can simply deny that permission, but the app won't install unless you accept! I won't update until this is explained or I can deny that permission and still install it.
Please include a Bluetooth battery level for Bluetooth headphones if you're not going to update us to Android 8.1 which supports Bluetooth battery level. Currently I have to resort to problematic third party apps for this. Heck, even custom ROMs on nougat had battery levels for Bluetooth devices!
Why does it require so many permissions? I think I'll skip this Even with your reply, I have no need for this application yet Samsung forces me to have it. For me, this is bloatware. Im still leaving it at one star.
Shouldn't be impossible to uninstall. I didn't want this app on my phone, but it's stuck there. Stupid bloatware to force in consumers.
I haven't used this app because there is no reason for me to do so, it just seemed to appear one day and use up battery power. I Don't need, or want, another another app that is no use to me that no doubt needs my personal details for it to work. I will be deleting it once I've submitted this review.
Bloatware. I wish I could uninstall this trash from my phone, but Samsung loves cramming garbage down my throat. Didn't want it, didn't need it, forced to keep it.
After migrating to new app, some of the devices are not working as expected, also the automation and routines are not totally ported from smartings. Don't make users migrate on half baked implementation
How do I get rid of bloatware like this? And why the he'll does it demand all those permissions? Why does it ask for info that is none of it's business? I don't want to update this POS, I want to DELETE it. But HOW? And why can't I even disable it?
Too many permissions. I'll root my system and remove it. Today's update wants browser information, history, and more. This is now over the top invasive. You do not need to know my browser history to control a television.
Service with intermittent problems.. hours on the phone with tech support; could simply replace obviously problematic hub 1 of 3 rather than creating Ill will
It's really usefull until one day, whenever I use or open the app. my phone keeps crashing and rebooting by itself. What are you doing Samsung!?
It is an app I don't use, I probably never will use and I can't delete it. B. S. Samsung! And you still haven't issued a uninstall for this crappy useless app. I will be looking at other phone manufacturers.as well as TV and blu ray players. Very disgusted with Samsung! Remove this useless app from my devices!
b"It seems that is not possible to relocate those registered devices to new created location, I'm not even able to remove them either. Finally, this app allows to power off those registered TVs, but not able to power them back on.\xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f"
Useless app and it will not delete. Not to mention all the permissions it wants that I don't want to give. We need an uninstall option.
This is bloatware. I can't uninstall it. And on top of that it won't even connect to the Samsung smart TV I have. I have a different app for that altogether.
We should have the option to use Bluetooth without theses extra applications. No option to uninstall. Requires too many permissions. Bluetooth does not function without giving this app unnecessary permissions. There should at least be an option to turn off all data collection and extra features consuming my phone resources.
Why am I *forced* to install this and then *forced* to agree with all these permissions! (To much and I can not see why they are needed!) Messes up my bluetooth connection. Do not need/want this app. Can not disable/uninstall! Samsung: you are about to loose customers like this...
What the F? This app has destroyed by connectivity to my hub. I can no longer even use my hub after this "upgrade". Terrible.
When i am using wynk music app by listening from blutooth head phone,if i clear the app in baground the music will stop curespondingly the option audio output will changes to phone speaker. please update it . It will helps a lot.
The old version of this app worked fine with my Samsung robotic vacuum. This new version won't even start because it continually asks for me to agree with the privacy policy. Even when I check the "I Agree" box then click "Done", it comes right back and asks for the same thing, over and over. I cannot use my vacuum via my smartphone anymore, which was one of the big selling points of the vacuum. Incidentally, I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 (Verizon) running android 6.1.1. I am very displeased with Samsung's lack of software quality control. What a joke!
Unremovable bloatware for Samsung phones. Also Samsung adds security requirements ever few versions which must be accepted or every time you update your phone you'll be asked to allow it again because they made this bloatware a system app. Absolute garbage.
Lousy apps. So unstable. I can see my tv connected but can't do anything with it
I never installed this app and want to uninstall it, but there is no uninstall option. It keeps popping up an error message that the app has stopped. Over and over again. Please don't tell me to tap the menu button and then click on the contact button, I am not in any app that has that option. Please let me delete, uninstall this app!
It seems to affect a lot of other apps The output volume of the mobile decrease to almost inaudible with all system volume settings turned up to maximum. I had to uninstall VLC Media Player. It seems to have caused instability right through the system and I often have to disable it and reboot to regain control It seems to have the virus qualities of Google assistant no matter how often you try and get rid of it, it seems to reinstall.
Please tell me why you need access to my browsing history? My contacts? Pretty shady. The app itself works fine, you're messing it up by being ridiculous with the permissions.
Have no idea what this is, I'm old. My phone is synced fine with car and TV, afraid to update, some updates seem to mess things up and it's so hard to figure out how to fix it.
There are COUNTLESS complaints about various aspects of the app and the same answer very time - We're sorry for the trouble please contact us... bla bla. They've already sent you a message Samsung, now fix the issues! How does the app get a 3 1/2 star rating if every single comment (and there are MANY) is negative?!
I hate the arrogance of Samsung in force installing apps and updates without explanation or the choice to opt out. Far too much memory, processing and battery life is used up by unwanted bloatware. I will be glad when my two year contract js up. Apart from the camera i find the s7 user interface totally frustrating
Very unstable, freezing is common ,unlike Chromecast. after numerous updates ,this app remains to have a poor connection to my Samsung smart TV.
This app starts off asking for all sorts of intrusive permissions. If you don't agree to every single one, it tells you that some functions might not be available, but then won't let the app run at all. It's like a spoiled child who says that if he can't have everything, he's taking all his toys home and leaving.
Serious security BUGS. It REQUIRES access to Contacts (and other things) Samsung has no business asking for. Guess we'll be dumping all our Samsung gear and going with someone else.
Forced on us by POS Samsung. Can't delete or disable. Steals info. Let's get a class action lawsuit going. **Chelsea - instead of giving the same BS response that you will pass on the feedback, why don't you actually DO something and let people uninstall this app if they want to.
BLOATWARE This app becomes more noxious with every update, demanding increasing number of core permissions, with no way to disable or opt out. Reporting this to the Australian ACCC. May be time to ban Samsung from this kind of unethical data collection.
This is one of those apps that you should be able to delete off of your phone because the probability of using it is so low. Nope. Stuck with it. Thanks Samsung!
Wants way too many permissions. Cannot uninstall. I only noticed it was installed when I looked on the main screen one day. It was installed without my permisiion. I have auto updates turned off.
This application requires way too many permissions. I therefore prefer to remove this app from my phone but it is cynically designed to be unremovable.
Samsung! What's going on? This app now requires many intrusive access e.g. contacts, app history, identity... Care to explain why this new found need for all this information?
Appears to trawl personal data in violation of the law. I am not giving permission to have it use or send my app history etc. Promises something some people might want, for me it's bloatware. Can't be uninstalled, so at some point Samsung will update the phone software and thus update their app without user permission. Is this the app sending me unwanted intrusive ads that take over the phone?
Bloatware I'm afraid I'm going to have to agree with many other reviews. This seems to be another unnecessary app forced upon Samsung phone owners.
Not interested. If i need this level of automation and CnC, sheesh. I also dont need Dear Uncle Samsung prying into every aspect if my life.
Didn't ask for it. Don't want it. Can't uninstall it. Keep giving it 1 star until they let us have control of the phones we paid for. Edit: the patronizing copy/paste replies do nothing to help.
This app was not a original of my recently bought Samsung mobile. It is imposed on you and it comes in the bundle when you do the now a days forced on you system upgrade. It consists in a imposition on every smartphone, in unauthorised manner! Besides other issues, now I cant send - like before this app came in - my Word or other edited Docs directly from my mobile to my desktop by simple use and connection by bluetooth.of course it is spyware & all the rubbish this corporations do to have direct access to all our content and the like..improbity swells
Do not need or want this app Samsung forced it on including more and more updates and more unwanted permission. Like to uninstall. At least I should be able to disable this unwanted app.
I do not need this spyware on my quite new Samsung phone (SmartThings was pre-installed and cannot be removed). It pushes updates daily to my phone and requests rights to EVERYTHING on my phone (camera, photos, device, location etc. etc.) This application should not be in Play Store beacause it seems to be only for spying purposes. I really hope that Samsung tells how to remove or disable this.
b"Too much unnecessary hate on this app :/ it works flawlessly for me and I can't wait till you guys add Philips Hue support without the SmartThingsHub. Otherwise I'm quite happy with how this app manages my connected devices! \xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86\xe2\x98\x86"
Older version might be 5 stars. But when i updated this app I coudn't connect to my devices..5stars if you will give answer that will work.
I think that Samsung goes into right direction. As a SmartThings developer I cannot wait for new API. On the other hand this app is really not there yet and I must say that the development is way too slow. Appliances can be controlled only with this new app, but I still have to use the older app for rest of my hub connected devices.
I think no app should be forced on you....and any app should have the ability to be deleted.....seems andriod is taking over windows rules like windows 10 forcing updates its crazy where is buying and using products about the people buying them anymore.
Stop forcing this spyware garbage down our throats.. this will be the last Samsung device i ever buy. Between this garbage, the slew of other apps and worst of all Bixby, Samsung might as well call itself Big Brother
I can turn the TV off but not on (via both the app and Alexa). The on/off status on the app doesn't match the actual state of the TV. The remote doesn't work when it thinks the TV is off. Pretty poor effort overall.
I would like to see more of the old layout where you can see which code is used to open the front door and the times listed. Automations are not as easy to complete .
BEWARE!!!! If you ever touch this app it is to late. It will not let you uninstall or even disable. I did not agree to terms but it still constantly runs. My phone constantly locks up then i get the message on my screen that smartthings has stopped. This happens 20 times a day.Everything else is blocked until i click ok. This app is worse than any virus I ever had.
I should be able to uninstall this bloatware, but I can't even disable it. I won't use it, since I don't have a connected house, so the app is just an unmitigatable vulnerability.
Why is this spyware forced on us as users?!?! Allow us to remove or limit the permissions you have to give
After the recent update, the app keep on crashing. It opens and crashes as if the update was ment to do so. It was working fine before your update.
I never installed this app and it has too many permissions when I dont even want it in the first place. Just tried to uninstall it, and it doesn't appear that I can. The system just asks if I want to uni stall updates. What good will that do? Why can I not delete this app?
Samsung, if you let me decide if I want to have your apps installed I might actually choose to use them, but you force me to have them installed so I resist by disabling them as much as possible.
This App is pretty much Useless, have apparently spawn from another Smart Things Classic which also Useless. What a waste. Still a waste.
Permission abusive. Do your homework guys. Not updating and killing the process on my phone.
Why does this app need so many permissions? Basically this app has access to all of your information.....why? So I can control my TV? Ridiculous!
It has a hard time connecting to my tv it will turn the tv on and a refresh icon will pop up in the corner but that's it and when I try to use the remote it says the tv is off so everytime I have to turn the tv on close the app open it up 1 or 2 times till it recognizes the tv is on then I can use it I am using a samsung smart tv and samsung s8 phone
This application is the worst, and it actually makes things more difficult than before it was being forced on our phones. Also, why does it need access to my voice recorder, text messaging, contacts, etc? Spyware lately?
Bloatware. Despite platitudes in response to previous reviews I still cannot uninstall this bloatware. Perhaps a change of manufacturer for the phone is the best option?
Holy new intrusive permissions, Batman. See you later SmartThings... [update] Wait, I can uninstall on my Note 8, but can neither uninstall nor disable on my Tab S3? C'mon, Samsung.
Terrible. Can't disable this spyware. Why won't Samsung allow this to be deleted?
If I want an app I'll get it myself. For my next phone I am looking at other brands of phone which don't force me to instal unwanted bloatware or at least allow it to be uninstalled.
Not giving permission to EVERYTHING just to turn a tv off n on. Taking the i r blaster away was a very stupid move. This new s8 sits on a counter while my s5 is clipped to me to use as a samsung tv mote n roku mote. Shame on yinz guys !!
Samsung considers themselves the owner of my phone. Buy their products and surrender your control - you may not uninstall this product and are forced to have it on your system. If you had confidence in your product and device interop, would you need to engineer lock-in?
Intrusive bloatware, also after getting the static robotic reply its obvious the developers and samsung do not care the slightest for their consumer base, as they continue to make apps like this which cannot be removed what so ever from your smart phone, horrible customer service, horrible mistakes, cannot wait to switch devices, the next one I will do research on, screw wannabe Icrap samsung
While this app popped up to install awhile ago, I did so thinking it was to be useful for my Samsung product. I can't remember using it since it was installed, however, now comes along an update. How about that, it's not intended for my device. Then why in the heck was this originally sent to me months ago????
Does not support enough devices it cant even connect to my samsung tablet (edit: the reason it didnt connect to my tablet was because i have a different samsung account on it oops)
Forced software and excessive permossion. Disgusting practice by Samsung and I hope they come to their senses or my next device will certainly not be from them.
I connect Bluetooth to my car but after switching off the car and restarting, I have to go through the connection process again. Not happening with my other Android phones. Once they are connected, they are always connected when switched on. Please correct the bug.
*STOP* DO NOT INSTALL UNTIL SAMSUNG EXPLAIN THE NEED FOR "Device & app history" permissions. This is a huge intrusion into to your privacy and confidential information.
This app just installed into my s7 edge phone during the night . I dont need it. Why force it into our phones without asking. I pressed uninstall. It dissapeared out of my phone. But when i went onto playstore it say update. Arrrrgh!
Complete bloatware. It ask for way too many permissions, regardless if you can deny some. Unfortunately, we can't uninstall it, it came preinstalled with my Samsung 9+. This might be the reason I will never purchase Samsung again.
Bloatware. Useless if you don't have any smart home devices. Cannot uninstall or disable. Constant need to update, even though I don't use it.
Still can't update unless i give it full spyware access. Why does it need access to device history and bookmarks just to update or it won't update. Samsung is as dirty as any other data thief.
Never asked for this app, but found it it asking for way too many permissions for the functions it is supposed to provide one day when updating. Found out it's shovelware, and based on the permissions it wants, probably spyware or at least a security risk.
Why do you need my app history? Poor automation capability; pretty much have to use another app or website for all but the simplest of rules. Cannot sort devices in order that makes sense.
I never wanted this app (and many other Samsung addons). I can't delete it and it wants too many permissions. Ridiculous
Never used this app as I can see it's Bloat ware that I don't have a use for. However for the past few weeks I have been bombarded with several instances of this app constantly crashing... Even tho I have never once opened it! So even without using it, the app is apparently running in the background taking up space and memory and annoying me by constantly popping up a crash notice. Samsung, this app is garbage and it seems everyone hates it. Rather than annoying us by keeping a buggy, bloaty piece of garbage app on our devices, why not just call this a failure and allow us to get rid of it? I'm about ready to go back to an iPad just so I can do away with buggy apps that don't work and make my tablet experience that much worse.
It keeps rediscovering my robot vacuum as a "new device", but usually works ok. App is a little slow and buggy.
This was installed without permission or even knowledge. I like my Samsung phone but hate Samsung's lack of respect for people who buy their products. Let me choose what I want to download.
It's good but bluetooth plays through devices I dont even want on. It's really annoying
App is useless if do not have smart devices and should not be included on phone as default. Unable to remove or disable. Thinking about other brand of phone at next upgrade.
This software is useful for bluetooth switching but has add some questionable permissions. I'm not willing to continue to update this after it requested browser history and bookmarks.
I don't have any use for this app, but it's constantly on my S8 notification panel. Nothing I do seems to make it go away. Please provide uninstall option or instructions for how to remove it.
Have to use this to control my Samsung Family Hub2 4k scam of a "smart" refridgerator. App was finally working correctly for 1st time in a year, then updated and now shows fridge as disconnected and I am unable to change settings, etc. I have over 250 smart devices, so am familiar. Out of over 200 plus devices, only my RING doorbell will work with the smart hub, and that doesn't work right either. I am using a fully updated Samsung S8, Samsung Smart TVs, Samsung AV Surround Sound. LITERALLY NOT ONE THING CONNECTS CORRECTLY. TOTALLY TURNED OFF BY SAMSUNG. Products that don't work properly, forced app updates, just constant hassles. UPDATE 6/5/18 Yeah, thanks Samsung. I'm not using the "old" Smarthings app, it's the most up to date if you can't read. Just goes to show, how little they care. Add bs canned responses to their complete lack of customer care and literally anything that works right and doesn't get screwed up if it did, with a new you guessed it, brand new broken app. Yay. So fun. So fun I'm never buying Samsung again. Force app on idiots.
Please explain why you need access to my device's history. You need to know about my browser history and what other apps are running. HELL NO. SO GET THIS. I WENT TO UNINSTALL IT AND IT WON'T LET ME.
Why all the extra bloatware? This should be an optional download, not forced. No option to disable or remove. My phone keeps notifying me that it stopped working. Super annoying.
Samsung connect worked with my samsung tv, dumbthings no longer supports my tv. Give me back Connect or exchange my tv for one that is supported.
Very low quality app. I can control my lights Sometimes. Other times it lags, and other times it just doesnt work. Im switching back to iphone
Ridiculously intrusive permissions for this app and, at best, poor function without them. Advice to Samsung and all tech companies. Ask only for what you absolutely need for your app to function properly.
Battery waster, and nothing else. I do not use anything that requires it, yet I am unable to fully uninstall or disable. Please change this.
Totally pointless, not least because I don't have any devices that it could be used with. I would love to be able to uninstall it.
This app is completely !!!!!!! Useless to me but I couldn't stop it from getting on my phone and updating itself. That is one reason I don't like any Samsung products
With a 2015 7-series television it strives to maintain a consistent connection. There are some severe connection problems, when it works it works.
b'*7/26/18... EDIT # 5,001, LOL! GIVING ANOTHER STAR... 4\xe2\x98\x86\'s now! * Parts of my past posts... THIS WOULD BE THE BEST APP EVER & I WOULD USE IT DAILY BUT ALL IT IS, IS \xe3\x80\x8aSPYWARE\xe3\x80\x8b SO N\xc3\x98,N\xc3\x98 & N\xc3\x98! APP ASKS FOR WAY TOO MANY PERMISSIONS. I have a S8+ & it\'s ROOTED. For many years EVERYTHING I buy/own that can be SAMSUNG is Samsung bc I love their OUTSTANDING PRODUCTS! This is a SPYWARE App THOUGH!! I AM SO DISAPPOINTED in SAMSUNG! *UPDATED 3\xe2\x98\x86\'s now. I edited my post AGAIN??! I got a reply from Samsung so I gave my rating another star. The app isn\'t bad. I just HATE to be asked for all the permissions. It will LET ME EDIT MY SETTINGS & I DID. My own oversight so, thank you for the info! It says that it may not work correctly BUT, I\'m giving it a shot now! My "INITIAL" complaint was that there wasn\'t any need for all of the "PERMISSIONS" that were asked for. I could have written a book...NOVEL as much time as I have spent on this review, LOL! In my defense, there are 2 of us submitting to this review. I\'m the calm one?? SERIOUSLY, we thank you greatly for the help!!'
You get 1 star for wanting to know my device and app history. You dont need that for this app. More Facebook privacy BS
Phone pollution that is imposed on customers without any need for it and impossible to uninstall. Shame on you Samsung!
It removes the touchpad from the remote control in galaxy s7. It was pretty easy to use before, but with this update, Samsung has made things difficult.
Used to be great, but can't figure out how to enable the drop down menu from the notifications bar. Loved being able to switch output audio devices quickly. What am I missing?
Showed up after OS update. Constant notifications that it has stopped working though I don't use it. Won't uninstall or stay off.
No way to disable this app considering I do not use it since its all proprietary/marketed hardware it supports that I am not going to buy.
There's no way to disable or remove this useless app, yet it even states "This app may not be optimized for your device"!
Thanks Samsung for not letting me uninstall this without going out of my way to use ADB commands. Yay bloatware
Have no devices that can use his app. Most annoyingly, it cannot be disabled nor permanently deleted from phone.
I don't want this, can't uninstall/disable it and now you're adding device and app history permission? You stink!!!
Dont need it! Dont want it! Give me the option to remove samsung bloatware or I promise this is my last samsung device!
I still have no idea why i made this mistake. Embarrassing.
Nice concept but does not correctly. Most of the time it says my Samsung TV is offline when it is online. Google assistant does not smoothly.
This is an app that I really dont want on my phone. Yet im getting forced to have it. I cant even uninstall it from my phone.
Useless app, cannot see TV on my Samsung galaxy note 8, Not even sound, many bugs which are to be fixed
Just another app forced on me that I don't want or need. Wish I could just get rid of it.
Why does it need permission to my internet and app and browser history? It is not an app for those things and therefore I give only 1 star and refuse to update it any more and if I can it will be deleted from my phone. To intrusive for no reason, and I am not ok with that.
started out great. then there was an update. now it won't recognize either of my samsung smart tv's. uninstalling. Happy Birthday! - will not uninstall. + uninstalled updates, now it works.
This new update wants access to app history including bookmarks and browsing history. NOT COOL!!! I WILL NOT GIVE UP MY PRIVACY!!!
Another Samsung's bloatware. I wish I could delete it, but I'm just another Samsung's CUSTOMER. What value could I possibly have?
Why does this get classified as a system app and why does it need so much data? Why my contacts? Samsung doesn't say why. Bloatware? Spyware? Both? Blech
I don't want a central location or app to control all my electronics. This is bloatware. Especially when it wants info on my browsing habits. Nope!!
Don't need it, don't want it, can't uninstall it and sure as heck ain't giving it more permissions to see my data or information. It's updates can sit in my app update lists all it likes.
Go away, dont force me to have this app and then demand daily updates
This app is for streaming to and controlling things from your smart phone. None of which, I do. So, this is a strong candidate for an uninstall, but that option is not available.
I like the app making it easy to manage my bluetooth devices, but i wish you could see the percentage of your devices instead of the approximate battery level ex. (Low, moderate, full)
I used it alot with my google home but now after update it just uses bluetooth instead eats all power. Waste. It was better before
I do NOT want this app and I do NOT want to be referred to the help/contact us section in the app. BLOATWARE.
Stop with the intrusion from all the permissions! I would love to uninstall this!
Not requested and not able to uninstall. But hey some person from Samsung will comment and say they'll report your feedback, and then nothing will happen
How about the option to uninstall? This app and its features are completely worthless to me.
I tried to change the DNS server on the wifi hub and now it turns itself off every 30 seconds.
This app is requesting way too many permissions. I want to uninstall it!
I hate this app. It is useless. Can't get rid of the symbol even, it's constantly there. Very annoying!!!!
At what point will Samsung stop stealing all the personal information on my phone in every app they want to install?
When the frikkin hell did I install this? Never. That's when. I'm so over Samsung and this rubbish
why does this app need access to my contacts, mic and camera? Way too many permissions!
Why you are installing unnecessary app forcefully? If require I can install it form app galary. Why there is no uninstall/disable option? I noticed that some app of samsung electronic require unnecessary permission, it seam you are spying or collecting users data. Stop install unnecessary app and give uninstall option and also stop irretating to asking unnecessary permussion.
One of the best features is being able to send tv audio to your phone so you can use headphones late at night and let the family sleep!
This is what Google uses to spy on people, that's why the UK is putting a multi billion dollar fine if them, This app is just to steal ur information and give it to the government
I didn't want this app at all. I have no need for it but it won't go away. Please take it away
App spies on us I was so happy to buy Samsung washer and dryer knowing there's an app to help. However, the app wants my browsing history. That makes this app a spy. how does browsing history help with my laundry???
Didn't ask for it, don't want it. Wish Samsung would stop forcing apps on me. I want to be able to control what apps are on my devices, and be able to uninstall anything I don't want.
How in the world do I remove this? This app had access to my camera, files, and what not. I can't find the app in my settings so there is no way to revoke permissions from this.
App wants far too many permissions for what it actually has to do. Uninstalled.
Great app by samsung especially for samsung fans like myself who own a lot of samsung products. Will always recommend it to anyone who is similar! The remote is often the best help when I end up missing the physical remote.
Never wanted it in the first place. Was forced on me. Now I can't get rid of it!
Creepy permission requirements. Unclear data collection policy. Extremely shady privacy policy. Doesn't seem to be GDRP compliant. Uninstalled.
Stay away from this update, Samsung new permission request allows them to steal all your information. Shame.
I just wanted a remote control of my air conditioner. But this app asked for contacts, camera and audio permitions. What for? There is no reason for that. Moreover you have to create some samsung account to be able to use it. If the producer of the app isn't samsung I'd say it is phishing app!
Suddenly requires a whole host of new app permissions including access to my contacts, browsing history & bookmarks. I don't think so. Uninstalled.
Don't need it as I don't own any other Samsung appliances other than smartphone and tablet, yet can't take this WOFTAS off my phone.
I don't need or want this app on my phone. It requires too many permissions...all of them from what I can see.
I have not updated this App, mainly due to the App wanting to access ALL my personal information.. From pictures to contacts to files everything on my phone. Why does this App need ALL this personal information ?
Cannot launch. Crashes immediately when opened on Galaxy S6 edge+.
Don't need it and don't want it! Also why does it keep trying to control accuweather app!! Absolute rubbish!!
I have absolutely no need for this app, making it bloatware slowing down my phone and tablet. Why can't I uninstall or disable it?!?!
I am at the end of my rope with all the fluff apps that come pre-installed on phones. tired of precious space being wasted be side providers and manufactures think they know what I want.
The app won't work as a remote for my blue player, so completely useless to me.
Old app worked with my TV flawlessly. New app has more screens to work through and constantly loses connection.
I don't understand why it needs access to anything other than my network or Bluetooth & I hate the fact that I can't update it without giving access to personal information that Samsung has no right to know only for it to be an eventual porthole for hackers.
Since this app is introduced I find it impossible to connect with my pairef devices. How to permanently disable this app
This app requires permissions for too many things and I'm not sure what's the reason it needs access to all these things.
I'm av engineer in samsung service centre. I have to show quickconnect feature smartview feature but from when this app came. I can't do anything. My handset is c9 pro.
b"S9 USER'S ATTENTION KEEPS CRASHING USELESS BLOATWARE FROM SAMSUNG ????"
I hate that Samsung forces us to have certain apps on our phone that were never use!!!!
Cant delete this virus. The not smart app.. want to pry into everything
Well I had to put my S8 in save mode to prevent phone from crashing please fix
Too many permissions required. Bloatware that I can't uninstall.
Constantly disconnects bluetooth devices and switches to phone as the sound output device. Won't forget old bluetooth devices and will connect to them without permission. Makes me wish I had normal headphones.
This app prevents all my other apps from updating automatically unless I give it permission for everything on my phone. Cannot be disabled or deleted. Contacted Samsung but they can't help unless I give full permissions even though I never use app.
Don't want this and would like instructions how to disable coz it's annoying the life out of me
I want it OFF MY PHONE. App info says to log out of Samsung acct to get rid of it. It's still there after I logged out. It's annoying and useless to me. HOW DO I GET RID OF IT?
Did not install but found on phone. Keeps wanting updates, can't uninstall. Malware.
135 meg and I dont want it on my phone....did Samsung ask?...No!....horrible bloatware....shame on you Samsung
Abusively excessive permissions. This should be banned from the Play store.
I keep getting to the legal agreement and it constantly fails goes back to the main screen then back to legal, and back and forth. Driving me crazy!!!!!!!
My samsung s9 works my smart tv no problem i bought my tv this year and it works my bedroom smart tv its 2year old. Its a handy thing to have on your phone .
Bloatware cancer that I can't uninstall! Samsung is trying to chase away it's customers.
Useless Bloatware with ridiculous Permissions I can neither Uninstaller nor disable.
Have no use for this app and would like to uninstall it but it doesn't have that option.
U ask too many personal questions. Can I delete Smarthings ?
What is this? I don't need it. I didn't see this app before. The amount of permissions is ridiculous
This update not working on LG web os tv eg92000gl (exit immediately)
This app is garbage even by Samsung standards, and that's saying something.
Piece of shyt. This app is fugd up and needs to be off the app store. Dumb azz shyt
Forced upon us useless software that requires permissions into every corner of our phone
Why can i not uninstall ur app? It still shows in my play store installed apps and why so many permissions?
I didn't want it you downloaded it without my permission! Unacceptable and shady!
Why does this app need access to my contacts it doesn't. I own NOTHING that uses this app and have no need to update a app I don't need/want.
Am scared of using these app, the amount of information it's asking to access on your phone is ridiculous. Including your finger print access. Can't do that. No privacy of any sort.
This is really getting ridiculous! A pure intrusion of privacy! I don't care what the app does! I have no use for it, yet I can't uninstall it? Another spy app that is forced upon us. These apps & companies are getting totally greedy with marketing ploys (facebook).
After updating. It is not working. I tried to open the app but it crash every time i open it.
Invasive permissions and a privacy failures. Avoid this app if you value your privacy
Try updating through GOOGLE PLAY. Open Google play on upper left hit the 3lines to open go to my apps and update them
I am uninstalling this app. I do not understand why it needs access to everything personal and confidential.. Way to intrusive!
Why are entirely pointless apps uninstallable? It's my device, it's my choice. Absolute joke.
Have no need for this App yet am forced to have it on my phone. And why so many permissions?? Rather have an uninstall option.
"We'd like access to your whole phone; also, got any passwords laying around? Asking for a friend." - SmartThings
This app got me into a weird robot vacuum situation too and I'm almost looking into another app for my s8 and is it true apps are just spying on us Samsung and if they are is it ok if we watch porn or just stop spying Samsung you big pervert and Google you're no right I'm not at home right now and it says goodle haha you
Bloatware. Can't uninstall, crashes regularly, requires excessive permissions.
Stealth install not wanted not used just sucking resources sucking data Samsung sucking again
2018-June-13: Waaaaaay too many intrusive permissions. WHY? Not updating.
Useless, permission hog. Probably spyware. Can't give zero stars
PERMISSIONS NEED ACCESS TO "BROWSING HISTORY AND BOOKMARKS?!" The Facebook/Cambridge Analytica scandal obviously isn't confined to those companies!
Even more confusing and less intuitive than the old SmartThings app.
I don't want this app on my device. There is no way to disable it removed it. I consider that spam not an app
Why does my refrigerator need access to my browsing history? Or my washing machine need acess to my contacts? Too many permissions.
I do not want this app!!!! I can't delete it and it's invasive!! I have to turn off my phone a lot just to get it off my phone as there are no options to disregard it. It makes me choose what I want to do for my T.V. Well, news flash; I don't have a T.V. and DO NOT want one!!!!! There should be a policy against this.....
Crashes and causes missed calls because it slows the phone down uninstalling UPDATE... I have spoken to Smartthings support on the phone and was advised that even though the app is faulty and causing issues even though it is showing disabled, it has never highlighted the disable button to disable it, and it also cannot be uninstalled by samsung or smartthings and last option they gave me was to contact my carrier AT&T to SEE if they could uninstall it, this has definitely made me rethink my family's next smart phone purchase from samsung.
More invasive and unnecessary bloatware that wants far too much access for what it does.
Update: Samsung still sucks at app development. Seriously Samsung stop forcing these crappy apps on us. We don't want them.
Only install if you want to give away all of your privacy!
Only seems to work of all your devices are Samsung. In other words, proprietary protocol when there are plenty of open ones to choosr from
Horrible app, does not let me uninstall it.
One of the most important things an App has is lacking here big time!! And thats Uninstall!! Can't take you serious as a company
Still not working on my ar12ksw , the app connects to the device, I can turn it on and off but I cannot control temperature or mode. It says that I must register on Samsung account, click AP , and nothing happens. Need support
I have no devices that can be controlled using this app, I wish Samsung would stop with these bloatware apps..
b"This app only supports SAMSUNG's thing, we bought a tv of SONY but the app said dont support other brands, and now i want uninstal this from my S8+ and i cant because its a system app. Plz help me!????"
You don't need to know my app and browsing history for an update!
Stop auto installing useless apps I don't want.
Somehow received this with the latest update of my phone. Can't remove it or disable it. It also plays music through my headphones and runs constantly
I want to uninstall but it won't let me. Samsung has become the Zoon of phones. Will try an iPhone for the 1st time.
No, you cannot have the "Device and app history" permission. Why would you need that to turn my lights on?
It won't work for my tablet as said so on my Google play store and refuses to let me disable it
Can't make it not autoupdate or permanently uninstall. Thanks for the malware.
Uninstalled due to new permission! You do not need to see my device app history nor my bookmarks to turn my lights of or off!
May be me but very spastic, my devices work poorly
I have a house full of gear and most it is recently bought, but not new enough apparently for Samsung. I constantly get asked add devices, would love to but can't until Samsung support them.
Unnecessary app that should be optional... I dont want this on my phone but cant get rid of it... way to go samsung
What a rubbish useless app and you can't uninstall it.
So this app to control my tv needs permission to take photos, see contact list etc... Can't accept that!
The new app permissions are unacceptable. You don't need access to my browsing history and bookmarks.
Awful, always failing to let me connect Bluetooth to my car and it takes a good 10 mins of messing about to fix
Since the update, I can't connect my phone to the tv while using the cinema HD app to stream movies. I could do this before. Phone is Samsung s8 active & a Samsung smart TV.
HEY GUYS O AM GET UP TO HERE, ANNOYING THINGS HOW CAN I RATE A SAMSUNG APP IF IS TO LET PERSON TRY IT.
Rarely if ever use it and way to many permissions
I have no idea what this app does, it's on my phone and I've never used it. I think it's called bloatware.
We need to be able to uninstall apps if we don't want them
I did not request nor do I want this app. How do I make this nuisance go away?
Uninstall because of latest updates.. Would you also like permission to sleep in my bed as well?
Access to device history added in the latest update. No, you don't need that access for this app to run. Uninstalled.
Terrible app . Ask to many permissions and can't be disabled or uninstalled.
I like it except that it does not automatically connect.
I don't want to give an app all the access this wants, how do I stop it trying to install!
Stop installing more and more bloatware onto my phone!
It lets me uninstall so I give it a 3
App requires too many permissions and doesn't work as well as Smartthings Classic with a Smartthings Hub
Keeps crashing my galaxy s8 plus and doesn't find my Samsung 4k tv
One of the AC units is totally disconnected, the other can be turned on and off, but that's all
I shouldn't get nearly as many errors as I do when trying to save automations
Useless app and support from Samsung. Don't recommend it as it's a waste of time and money
There's the breech of trust that we've come to know and expect from corporate giants.
Yet another thing I'm forced to have even though I pay for the phone, stupid...
Once i update to the latest version the app crash. It cant work so sad.
Why is the app needing far more permissions than the description implies? Why does this app need app/browsing history and bookmark information?
Since the last update it screwed up my Bluetooth on my speaker to listen to music.
There are to many permissions there should be no reason to need browsing history and bookmarks kma & fo
The app asks me to allow reading contacts and location and record audio!!! Denying any of those wont allow me to use the app. Seriously?
This app is a crime against humanity and I'm unable to uninstall or disable it.
Timer in the app while toning keeps freezing and it records the time wrong in completed sessions. Please fix
UI is poorly made and connecting to devices (and keeping the connection) is difficult.
Can't add my smartthings hub to it. Worthless.
Requires access to too much info from my device. No respect for privacy.
This bloatware sucks. Can't delete from phone.
Devices takes awhile to load on screen. What's more... Sensor activity not logged unlike the classic version of SmartThings.
Works very well. Connects to all Philips hue bulbs. Motion detectors work well but have to be located lower than expected. Good access from the quick launch on S9
Useless bloatware. Let us uninstall permanently!
b'Too many permissions, and space for an app I did not request, do not need, do not use, and cannot uninstall. ??'
This app asks for too many permissions. I can't even uninstall it or disable it.
Not working for my ge z wave plus smart outlet.
I don't have smart appliances and I want it off my phone.
Why this app requires access to the device and browsing history? Rediculous!
Since the update this 'Quality' smartthings app is unable to locate my smart tv. Now I have to screen mirror through allcast.
How do you dump this useless app?
Smartthings has worked well for me. Sometimes slow to load devices.
I do not want Samsung bloatware on a 700$ phone.
Too many permissions for an app I can't uninstall and don't use. Why does it need to know what I do on my phone? I don't need it, don't want it. Don't need one more attack surface for my personal info.
I knew who update this app and his backache is good now after hard pain.
If u want all ur samsung devices hacked install this
Crashes constantly and can't be removed. Thanks samsung.
Been waiting for an app like this. Ite been hard to stream from your phone recently without spending heaps of money. Now we have the solution with this. Thanks. Good joby
I want it uninstalled. It has my phone messed up.
Way too many permissions.
Get off my damn phone!
Just two buttons and I've got my bluetooth connection up and running about time someone got it right good onya guys
Too many permissions for non-relevant features
Why do I have to keep this on my phone? Why can't it be uninstalled? I do not have any other Samsung devices other than my phone & it will not clear the update without me adding personal information.
Dumb and and you can't kill it!
Did not work. And cannot be uninstalled.
b"Love this app it's so helpful when I switching to different bluetooth speakers or have my earphone in at and want to just change to my speaker when I get in its just one click ??????"
It's good but it could be better if you were able to control each devices volume or have them both playing back sound
I do not want this on my phone. Why does it need permission to view my apps and phone.?!
Difficult to use (can't logout). I use galaxy A8
It is a great app to control the TV. However I would really love to be able to view the TV guide in the app itself. So there is my feature request. Make it possible to view the TV guide from inside the app.
I don't make full use of it because I don't have all the devices it's capable of controlling. I love the convenience it offers.
This is a worthless app. Send to delete
App works well when it works after receiving updates on my note 8 I constantly need to clear the cache of the SmartThings app to get it working for a short time. I would love to see this bug fixed.
Can't be disabled or uninstalled, and now wants access to browser history? Not happening.
This is what a virus looks like. I can't get rid of it and it constantly wants something
I do not use it and so far have been unable to remove it.
Way too many permissions, can not delete.
The dual bluetooth output is pretty awesome. Would totally get all the stars if we could connect to 3 or more bluetooth speakers!
It makes you sign into a Samsung account to use. It use to not be that way. It will not let me use it with my Samsung tv without signing in. I no longer like it.
Would love to review if I could install after the failed user upgrade
this ap has me locked out of my phone!!!!!!! i literally just activated my phone about an hour ago
Mostly works, but asks for too many permissions so now I can't update it.
Apps that auto-load on your phone even if you don't want them suck.
App freezing after the new update fix the issue
Don't want it. Want uninstall it. Will never use it. Should have the option to get rid of it.
I do not like the smart thing
Wayyyyyyy too many permissions for me to feel like it's not being abused. It's basically every permission, I don't care what it does.
Well actually it works when my phone has no quick connect option already so it works just like the quick connect option from old models
I don't want this app, but I can't uninstall it!! (Samsung Galaxy S8).
Bloatware that I can't uninstall.
Love this app! Works really well with my 55 inch curved Samsung tv.
Why some many permissions?! How do you use all that data!
Its always crashing, and I can't delete it
Not sure how this will replace Smartthings Classic if it HAS to attach to WiFi. Classic functions on phone networks.
Does not always respond well for tv remote usage but better than the other available apps.
Cannot override another device. Its garbage.
Was unable to remove this from my phone.
Loses connection with the tv all the time.
Intrusive app that has ZERO use.
Obviously they bought the likes, this is a terrible app that tracks you and listens. How creepy is that
Why does the app require contacts? This should not be a requirement for this the app.
Ask for too many permissions and I can't unstall it. I have no need for this app. Takes up space on both my phone and tablet.
I don't want this siht on my finckug phone. Last samsung I'll ever buy
I do not want this app on my phone, it is intrusive.
I don't have the option to uninstall. I don't use it and should not be forced to keep it on my device.
Not able to connect in samsung j7 max
b'Its carp wouldnt work from the start .??'
It does not work for Samsung TV
Why does this update suddenly need access to my browsing history? No thanks.
Too many permissions Not able to uninstall
Simple yet works fine for me
Nothing works very well. Just one more connection to my accounts and devices without any benefits. Make some improvements.
It needs access to all informations about my phone, like contacts, microphone, camera, calls, massages and... !!!!! Whyyyyy????
Quatsch den keiner wirklich braucht und der viel zu hohe Berechtigungen auf dem Smartphone einfordert.
Barely works when you want it to. Takes forever to connect to the TV right in front of it.
The app does not contain the same content as the old one. Items are not linking the same either. Seems like you could control more with the old app.
I think it's good but keeps asking me to add samsung soundbar on my TV but doesnt send a code to the TV.
It connects flawless and so easy. It does have moments where it studders... but 98%great.
It plays ads on my home screen when I've never used it.
Useless. May fix your future.
Don't need - no other Samsung de ices. Can't delete. Can't disable. Sucks memory & processing. Allow removal NOW!!!
App crashes as soon as it opens, useless
Very annoying, and hard to get around
lol too much data steal
Don't want it, don't need it but cannot disable it on my S7 = Bloatware
Useless bloatware, uninstalled.
This app sucks. Too many permissions. GFY!!
It won't let me uninstall this app. I don't want or need it.
Gear does not work right.
Device & apps history permission? Really? Can you explain to me why do you need my browser history? Are you selling my data to anyone I should know?
Works well with my samsung tv. I dont even look for my remote at times.
Waisting my time, battery, annoying notifications,
Bloatware, can't uninstall
Just a waste of space if you are not obsessed with "smart" devices. Why can't you uninstall?
Dont need it and I want to be able to uninstall it!
Too many invasive permissions.
Spyware, nothing else.
Got a reply from the developers and they've sorted it out now, so all good, thanks to all at Samsung for the swift response and fix
Why does this app need so many permissions?
Please add a battery meter for Bluetooth devices that is next to the device in the smart things notification tab
I really like it it does lag a lot on mirror though wish it would get better on that
Please explain why the app wants permissions to access device history and bookmarks.
I don't need it, I don't use it and still can't disable or uninstall it.
It just doesn't work
Clear wizard for connecting device but no luck connecting vacuum. Too many access rights required
Unable to orient the app landscape on a tablet
Why do you need acces to my browsing and application history?!
I don't want anyone using my personal information anywhere.
Too many intrusive permissions!!
No reason to have half of the information it is requesting to control some devices.
Too many permissions for an app to manage the TV.
Please no more junk or i will switch to Apple
Works fine on its own as an app, but I can't get it to work with Alexa as much as expected.
Works great. Wish it had a widget for the TV remote rather than having to open the app every time to find the TV remote
spyware. can't delete it. very bad.
I give 5 star just because of i love samsung but i don't need this app samsung should give option for disable this app
This app doesnot shows the battery percentage of the connected bluetooth devices like speakers but the other phones showss
It would be nice if you could control the volume and use the minutes of all Samsung Smart TV s
Don't need it. But Samsung force it onto your device.
Why do you need to know my browsing history and my bookmarks?
Could not connect to my Samsung 6 series TV using huawei p20 pro
Fix your permissions. It's time for Android 6.. even for Samsung.
Let us remove this bloatware
This app can't be disabled on my S6. That alone warrants it a 1 star rating.
I thought I owned this phone now Samsung
Needs permission to view my book marks and browsing history, why?
No idea what the app is for. It just keekeeps requesting more and more permissions.
where do they buy the five star reviews from?
Added device to location but can't create scene because the location page won't registered the device added
Do not need nor want this type of ap.
First i didnt now how to use it then i new how
Only smart thing about this is to be SMART and DONT INSTALL IT
This sucks I'm not Reiveing the information I need to connect to my Samsung TV
Muy util cuando se te a perdido el mando de la tv.
Rubbish lost ability to screen mirror totally
Why is this draining my battery?...
Has potential but not ready for replacing legacy app.
Its turn on tv in my husbands s6 app but dont in mine s7
I don't know why it's called smart things it doesn't let me do anything smart
I don't need this quit trying to put it on my phone
App requires many permissions and cannot be uninstalled or disabled. Poor user experience, Samsung!
Why am I forced to download something I don't want
i need the application that conecet to LG telvision .my model phone a7 2016
Too many permissions needed
Why so many permissions
b'I can turn the TV off from the bathroom ??'
Why can't I delete this app? I don't need or want it.
No option to disable or uninstall - plz fix
Cannot uninstall. Zero stars just for that
I can't remove this from my phone.
It wont auto-connect to my bluetooth devices
forced to have an app I dont use
Let users remove your bundleware, and the ratings will surely improve.
Too many permissions too little use
Spy program... Total Spy copy upload to cloud. Disable and lose this and anything like it
Terrible app - bloatware
It does't work :(
Slows my processing time
It doesn't show anything on my social media like it use to
This app is terrible.
This App works great for controlling a Samsung smart TV. More reliable than Smart view.
Fix it so it uses the new android permission system
Apps forced on us by Samsung or Vodafone are of no interest
Should not need access to my browsing history
Trump gang sike boonk gang
Too many permissions!!
Makes watching movies on my TV so easy
I use this to sync my bluetooth devices to my phone. Much faster than going through settings.
No I do no want this
Asks for more permissions than are needed.
I don't need it or want it. Why can't I uninstall it?
This is the future. All smart things under the same hood
It don't work
Requires too many permissions
Allows me to do what it says it can do which is something to like in a service
I don't want the app on my phone.
Wish I could rate it lower. SUCKS
Remove the intrusive permissions
Samsung doesn't need to embrace my life . Mind your own business
Why do you need permission for anything?
The fancy fridge tablet is great when it works which is rarely. This sucks for the money I paid.
b'Works great!! I watch cartoons from my VRV app on my TV all the time with this! ??????'
Not working.. application gets crashed always
It just works.
Everything I used to be able to do with this app now I can't do since it's updated it sucks
pls let me uninstall
It's not helpful not fast better without this apps
Can't uninstall, too many permissions
It's easy to use and very effective.
It sucks because I can't use it. Why's it on my device??
Useless. Bloatware
Only will let me use the play and pause button won't give full remote
Doesn't work at all!!!
I almost always have to disconnect my powerbeats and reconnect to get the sound playing.
Won't allow uninstall or disable
1 star because it can't be uninstalled
I really like the bot answering questions in the reviews. Never used this. Hard 3/5.
It great i can control all my devices from 1 app. Pretty groovy
Sometimes it take long to connect the main device.
Why does this app need my browser history?
uninstalled? Is this app uninstalled? I want it off my phone!
App keeps disconnecting from my Roku 4k.
Thank you so so much for your efforts
Cannot actually start the oven
Does not meet my need.
I don't want this. How do I uninstall it?
Do not need this at all and yet I cannot uninstall it...
I don't want this app, why make me install it?
Not very reliable
Connects to my samsung uhd curved smart tv with no issues thus far
I'd rather use the original SmartThings app. I can't find a reason to keep this app.
Appliances connectivity fails miserably
Why does it need access to my contacts?
Pow-wow-ful app
Why does this need access to my contacts?
Didn't ask for it or want it.
Give the option to delete!
Needs Lock Support like the classic
Smart view doesnt work with note 8 and Smart TV Samsung 6 Series
Too many permissions
Too many permissions.
Please allow me to uninstall this app.
Awesome app I love controlling my Samsung Smart TV with my S9+
Using a Samsung tv along with a Samsung smart phone syncs pretty well hassle free
It says the tv is off while the tv is on
Don't want it. Let me delete it.
It's awesome with my not as smart as me tv
Apps is asking for browsing history. No. 1 star.
Can't uninstall this uselessware
Works well on my note 8.
It's not bad when it works but doesnt want to connect most the time
Spy app. Cant remove
Dope af
Don't need this app
Bloatware gunna bloat
Love the way it works on my SG8 Active and My Samsung TV AWESOME
Ask for too many permissions.
I'm not a fan of things being installed without my input.
Amazing! One platform to control all connected devices. Works seamlessly with the rest of my Samsung appliances.
Not update in my device
Doesn't support August lock
Cannot disable.
Please get me the smart things
Don't use it .Don't want it
Great when you loose your remote or want to hide the remote from others and still operate it
This game is terrible
Difficult navigation usage
Can't connect computer to TV.
Excessive permissions grab
To many permissions required
I don't want it!!!!
b"Can't remove it but don't need it ??"
Can't be uninstalled.
Forced permissions. Sucks.
Best thing i have ever downloaded
Great thing to add your appliances
No idea what this app is for.
How do I uninstall it??
This app makes easy to connect my television and other appliances
Super buggy works only when it wants definitely not worth the download
Garbage app.
Do not need
Too many permissions
Cannot be uninstalled.
b'Thank you Smart Things??'
Don't need it
It's stupid
It's crapware
it is what it is it does what it does ***es el gato blanco o negro??***
Beyond rubbish.
Can we connect it to orient or other ac or smart tv.
Super app
Too intrusive.
Ok when it works
Setup pair
Best way to connect to any other device I use.
The classic app has more functionality in my opinion
No need for this app, and unable to uninstall or even disable.
Love samasung but cooler if lg could be used to
Love easy acessibility and the duel audio feature with bluetooth devices
How to delete this app
Leaving 2 iPhone
I can use a remote on my phone. Awesome!
It sucks balls
To many permissions
b'\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb9\xd8\xaa\xd9\x82\xd8\xaf \xd8\xa7\xd9\x86\xd9\x87 \xd8\xac\xd9\x85\xd9\x8a\xd9\x84'
Wont arrow down
I like this app
very like this appps
Samsung Galaxy A510F I'm Happy Google users Good app
Not working come back on home screen automatically.
Totally useless
stupid bloatware
It works great on my Samsung s8+
It helps me control my TV better
Great app but sometimes does not connect
Bah. Useless.
Better, but could be faster accessing devices.
You need access to our contacts????
Rock on!!
Don't want it
This was absolutely amazing! Very impressive.
thank you.
Cant delete
I like it.
Great app very useful in daily life
Worked really well with all our devices
After creating account why this app is not opening
Needs to mature past Samsung to be truly useful
Needs to work on Samsung a5 2016 phones
Not wanted
It is pretty cool to see how it works!
Useless bloatware
Works great. Everything connects and works as expected.
annoying...as....fk
UPDATES! Come on! YES! FINALLY AWESOME. WEOOOOO.
b'Easy access to devices is always a plus!????'
That is a great apps that everyone must use...
no more worrying about the lost remote.
Totally sucks...
nice one cool
I love this app
Like using it better than Chrome cast...
Poor UI
Samsung sucks
Best app ever dont ruin it
b'Awasome ya ????'
Nice app connects immediately lived it
Gòod one
Thank you
Bloaty McBloatware
Invasion of privacy
I really like this app this app is my favorite app!
No neeeeeeed
Pure spyware
The Best App In My Phone!
Battery killer
I lovevebahhs
Apps that are automatically installed are automatically rated 1
Love smartthings... makes homework fun.
Bloatware!
Its very easy to control it!!
I can't change the channel.
Me&MySmartSpace
It's quick and easy to use
Very problematic
Waste of memory
It's easy to use and fun
I'm happy with it so far
This app can't be uninstalled or even disabled, soooo disgusting!!!!!!!!!!
Why are who what this?
I love this new app.
Works just fine!
Gì think this app is fantastic
So far so good
Allow Google home to work with it
I do like this phone
Wonderful took for all electronics
Excellent integration with Samsung Devices
I love it Paul Marshall
It's very nice
Bloatware.
b'Unstable??'
Upgrade
Super
Lol
Ok
Spayware
I like it it's cool
Not bad enuh.
I love this apppppppp
Amazing!! Works great!!
Excellent Application!
Spamware
Suck
We love it!!
Mazing life changing
Great app to use
Great useful app
It. Is. AMAZING!!!!!
I love it
Very useful.
Good stuff.
Love it!!
Bloatware
Bloatware
Useless
It's Great
Junk
so far so good
Ok
WTAH
Ehhh
Fgg
H M
Ok
Ok
No
Tnk
wow
Amasing
like it
Super
Good view
VERY USEFUL
Stupid
Yall Good
Fast and easy
Spyware
Trash
Cool!!
Great!
b'????'
BLOATWARE
Amazing app...
b'??'
b'??'
Good stuff
Pretty cool
Hentai is good
Good app
Great app
Great app
Great app
So good
Really Convenient
Good app
Its great
very good
Good xx
Good to use
Very good
Great app
Very good
Very interesting
Awesome app
Great app
Great app
Easy to use
Its good
Stupid
Bloatware
TERRIBLE
Bloatware
Bloatware
bloatware
Bloatware
useless
I love it....
Love it
Best
Love it
Great
Awesome
Great
good
Love it
Good
Excellent
Great
Happy
Cool
Good
Lovely
Great
Good
Nude
Good
Cool
liked
Good
Good
Loved it
Amazing
Great
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Fine
Best
Great
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Best
Good
Awesome
good
LOVE
Love it
Nice
Good
nice
Love it
Awsum
Nice
Awesome
Nice
Good
So I just bought a Samsung MU8500 Smart TV and have had my note 8 for a while. I'm pretty tech savvy and have always been interested in this whole "smart home" craze. I found out that my phone can control my TV and I can watch the TV on my phone why the TV is still playing from another room. Which really cool! SmartThings allows you to pay all your devices via Wi-Fi, so it's really useful. I would recommend getting smart home hub from Best Buy and seeing what all your home can be capable of.
Having to use as a result of a forced migration from the other smartthings app. The transfer did not work smoothly;ended up with two houses with and immoveable TV in one:the rest of my items and automations on the other. Formatted house and slowly re-sending bits now to fix it. My smartthings camera not working on this so home security is now useless. Hoping this is stage one and issues will be resolved soonish (been a good month though already)
Came to Samsung SmartThings from a Wink hub that wouldn't work correctly half the time. I'm very pleased with the hardware, particularly that it talks directly to Hue hubs (as opposed to Wink via cloud). On the app/software side, I'm not as impressed. I'd like to see the ability to group devices, control all functions in a scene (brightness, color, color temp, etc), and have a less cluttered interface for individual device control (one device shouldn't take up the entire width of the screen). In a nutshell, please copy all of the Wink app functions and you'll have a great product. Home screen widgets for Scenes or devices would be appreciated as well. Also, why no Nest support?
When using it for washing machine. Its only useful to know when wash has been completed. It shows different wash cycles bit no info about them or duration. Cannot modify any washing machine settings. Only start stop a cycle. Would be super handy to remote turn on washing machine and set settings amd know detail info of wash cycles. but i guess samsung aren't that up to date with the tech. They need to hire real engineers. Its not really smart if novice users can create their own apps to privide basic access like this
I am a huge Samsung fan, but am hugely disappointed with the new app. I purchased a Flex washer/dryer pair with Smart controls. The washer connects easily with great features. The dryer won't connect. It works with the old SnartHome app, but not SmartThings. If it connects to one, why not the other? I have reset my router, reinstalled the app, and still the same message. No help from support either, just send me to a link how to install the SmartHome app.
Since the latest update I am no longer able to listen to audio through my phone if I am mirroring a video to my Samsung TV. It silly only let me listen to the audio using the TV which is annoying as at night I like to watch things but use my phone with earphones connected to keep noise low. It worked fine before now it doesn't. Please fix this asap!!
Beware--23,000+ bad reviews speak volumes for Samsung's poor coding. Latest version now requires many permissions that are intrusive and unnecessary, and is extremely buggy. Absolutely uncalled for, but unfortunately the new Samsung app developer strategy. AVOID ALL SAMSUNG APP UPDATES!
This app will exit automatically if you do not give it microphone, camera, and contact list permissions. These three permissions are used for optional features of the app but unless you provide them, the app closes. This is a garbage policy move by samsung. Require permissions you have to have. Leave the optional ones optional. EDIT: Ellen, you may say that the permissions are optional but the app closes and is unusable if they arent given. That is NOT optional. That is required. Make them genuinely optional and I will change the rating.
App is failing me. My smart devices are no longer available for me to use. When I try to add another router(I'm using Samsung Connect) it won't let me because it can't access my account. When I try to access my account it won't stop "processing". It's getting pretty frustrating.
Moved over from Smartthings Classic. No widgets. No ability to select camera to record for security monitoring. No push notification when alarm was set off. Can't rename devices after they've been added. Too many basic things missed out. Have moved back to classic. Might give it another try after a few updates
It came with my Galaxy S9+, but it is a pain to set up. It advertised itself that is able to connect to lots of things but to add devices manually, this app only give you 3 choices. TV, AV, or Refrigerator. I tried to contact the customer assistance and the chat disconnected and cannot reconnect. So what's the point?
Suddenly I cannot project from my S7 to my windows 10 pc. Update: They claim they can't fix anything. This app is garbage. I can't mirror to my Windows 10 laptop anymore for no other reason than samdung selling more smart tvs
Another forced app taking up space on my phone and using battery power. Don't want it, didn't install it and can't uninstall, and it's obvious that Samsung is blowing this off as evidenced by the same 3 or 4 basic responses to every review that disagrees with having this app forced and not optional. Disappointing.
Overall I like the design better than the legacy SmartThings app, but I have three main disappointments: I still can't add my 49' 2016 KS8000 Samsung TV as a device, despite started support. If the app is intended as a primary point of smarthome control, it should enable landscape mode on tablets for convenient tabletop controls. Along similar lines, the app should also include customizable widgets for ease of access. Otherwise it's a solid piece of work that's clearly still evolving. I hope it continues to improve.
Needs a ton of work. Most devices are listed by Mac address and not by name of device which makes identifying devices impossible. The ability to control older Samsung TVs is not in this app even though there is a legacy app that will. I am CONSTANTLY TOLD TO ADD MY SAMSUNG WASHER AND DRYER but the app ALWAYS errors out. They were on the list of supported devices and now they have been removed. JUST LAZY! There must be a concerted effort to kill all random apps and have just one but that one MUST support everything they kill off. Pull it together!
Got a new S8. Started phone up & this app kept giving me an error message soon as phone turned on. Couldn't do anything except tap the screen a whole bunch to navigate to uninstall this stupid thing. Horrible!
Upgraded my old robot vac to get wifi functions. In typical samsung fashion it will not connect. Help desk were useless. How about actually creating products that work. Total rubbish and waste of money.
After giving the new smart things app a couple months to improve I'm left wanting the old app back. The home automation is basically broken compared to the previous capabilities. No longer work well with ecobee or with quickset locks which used to be superb. I lothe trying to use this app and create automations. It feels clunky and half the features from the previous app are gone. Looking to purchase a different home automation system and ditch my Samsung hub and this garbage app.
Update: With one of the new updates notifications seem to be broken. I only get a notification if the vacuum is lifted, but if it gets jammed or can't return to the charger nothing happens. So I don't know about it until I get home and realize the it's not on the charger. Got vacuum initially connected but doesn't really work that well. Constantly gives message that it can't connect to device and doesn't update status on home screen. Notifications worked once. Have to force close and reopen to get it working. Sometimes reboot the phone.
Connect Home Pro FOR SALE. What good is a home automaton system if none of its apps work? App cycles at the privacy policy agreement. Just like the other SmartThings app I cannot use. On my Samsung phone, nonetheless! So disappointed!
I use my old phone on wifi exclusively as a secondary handset for smarthome contol. This app says it's not compatible and doesn't even list the required Android version. On top of that, why on Earth does it need full access to my contacts to manage my hub??? This BS is how you get me to make the switch away from SmartThings.
Why the hell is this app, that I do not want and cannot disable, asking for a slew of permissions? If you are going to make bloat apps that users can't disable can you at least not make them have control over half of the device's capabilities? Is that too much to ask? That we are not forced to have apps with ridiculous permissions? Really?
This is garbage. Everything in my house is samsung and I used the old app to control everything perfectly. Now the control is unusable and I cant turn on the tv. The only thing that works is the off button. I cant even cast to the screen anymore. What happened?
I don't use it but cannot disable it. It wants extensive permissions and persists with update notifications. It's just unwanted bloatware .. and why does Samsung want all my personal info in order to stop bothering me with this persistent nuisance?
App was forced on my tablet and is listed as "May not be optimized for your device". Just saying if your gonna force a app it should be atleast optimized for all the devices you force it on. Screen won't rotate on Galaxy Tab S2 so to use we are forced to manually rotate our screen. This app has even less features than if I used smartview. It's a start I guess but unless you own a lot of samsung smart devices this really is a waste of time.
I heartily recommend people use the play store link to object to this junk. Reviews are predominantly terrible, and the answer from Samsung always seems to be "install the app so we can access all of your private information, then turn the permissions off once we've got them". Now in the process of reverting all their apps as far back as I can go, and making a nite to never buy from them again
The S7 function worked better than my current S9. For some unknown reason most of the time when I contect to the TV it only gives the option to mirror the screen as opposed to playing content. And it plays choppy and stutters. Also...the device does not play when plugged in via USB. The TV recognises and loads the video list but does not play the videos. And no....it isnt a TV problem because the TV works with the S7 and other phones.
This app would have bern an improvement except that it cant operate my schlage locks and one sensor no matter what I tried. Everything works fine in the classic or old version. Why don't you test these apps with common and popular products. Kind of amateurish app.
Blah. Get it off of MY tablet. It says that it may not be optimized for my device (a Samsung tablet, by the way). Large waste of time and space. Samsung responded of how useful it is but in looking at it there are no things that I use it for. That's how I should be able to remove it for my dad gum tablet. PERIOD. Love my Samsung fridge, but not bloated software.
What the expletive here!! This automatically downloaded to my phone and i cant disable or uninstall it. I dont want it on ny dont have any use for it and now i have a constant ribbon on my drop down!! Very angry about his wth Samsung!
I am glad this app resists my unthoughtful impulse to remove it from my device. Who knows what terrible impact that could have to my tablet! Considering the fact that Samsung must have had a good reason to pre-install it to my device (without the need to ask me) ... Ahh, and in their wisdom prevent to disable it.
The worst experience ever on an app. It just doesn't work and is full of bugs. When I submit the bug with screenshots, logs and clear repro steps, they just cancel it saying they need more information about the hub - without even reading that the issue is clearly with the app! The app interface is totally busted. Most of the operations do not work and integrations with my thermostat are buggy. Everything works well with Smartthings Classic still. It is much more stable when compared to this new crappy version.
I have been a Samsung fan for years. Buying TVs, other robot vaccum etc. This App does not work. I cannot connect new 7070 robot vaccum as it keeps wanting to drop the network connection. Very frustrating. Taking it back to Best Buy
I don't have smart devices other then this tablet which Samsung FORCED the app onto.. it does nothing for me and I can't delete it.. I can't even disable it.. let the people who want it have it.. but just because I have a Samsung tablet.. doesn't mean I have other smart devices in my home.. dump the bloatware junk
Seems like Samsung/Android is always a step behind. We've been with the Galaxy Note series since the Note 2... Now on 8. Bought all the smart home appliances and connecting them to the app is a pain. Plus I have to use two different apps for my washer/dryer and fridge.
When I first installed the app, I had difficulty connecting to the hub and signing into my account. Then I had difficulty getting it to recognize all the devices. One of the plugs never became fully supported in the app; it showed up, but I couldn't do anything with it. And now, I just logged into the app. It gave me a pop-up message that quickly disappeared about being signed out of my account. It no longer shows me any devices and is incredibly laggy. This app is now useless.
For our use, the new app has much less functionality than the classic app. We use this app to monitor and help our mom. This new app does not do much of what we need. In our case this a degrade rather than up grade.
I connected the kwickset lock with Zigbee to the smartthings app/hub. I can lock the lock using the app, then it still shows "unlocked" and wont let me actually unlock it using the app. Kind of defeats the entire purpose.
So you would think a samsung s8+ would work seamlessly with a samsung TV wouldnt you!!!... guess again. Samsung don't even list all their TV's to link to. I get connection lost after playing every single video on youtube. Do these App developers even work for Samsung. Infuriating,
This app is horrible. I'm going to crash my car due to this app. It takes 15-20 minutes for paired devices to work over BT. The phone was seamless from headphones to Uconnect car BT. Now it's an accident waiting to happen.
Device disconnected and there is no way to remove it. Very frustrating.. Also have some lights connected to google home, which causes each device to be counted as 2.
In order to use an app to control my "smart" things, it needs to be compatible with 99% of my stuff. This app is about at 5%. Add support for nest, sonoff, tp-link and Belkin switches, Chromecast devices, chamberlain garage door openers, etc and maybe I'll finally be able to start using it.
Nothing works. I have multiple Samsung TVs in my home from 4 years to this year's model. The old connect app worked great. This one stinks. What's especially frustrating is that I can't even get connect for my phone to go back.
Why does this app just do more and more stupid things.. Like needing permission to monitor App History for instance! Make a proper App and stop spying on your users.. If you need information it is up to the person to give it to you.. Don't put hidden spyware on my phone that I payed 1000 EUR for! That is totally not acceptable! More and more Apps do this and freaking stop fixing things that aren't broken! And stop changing everyones setups and phone configuration on every update.. 1 Update a year should be way more then enough and it should not change the whole thing to make it more complicated to use.. Some people actually get habits and knows where to find menues and stuff, and all this updating is just annoying..!
Replaced Honeywell Tuxedo Home Automation system which has always been problematic. Just started using Smart Things and I was very impressed with the ease of set-up. Good job Samsung!
I do not want this app as I don't have any Samsung devices to use it with. I went to uninstall it and found out there is no way to uninstall it. I don't want useless apps/bloatware taking up space on my device. Let those who want it opt-in and let those of us that don't uninstall it.
Outrageous permission requirements. As the world focuses on tech companies using and abusing your personal data, the app demands your exact location, your phone identity, and details of EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN YOUR CONTACTS. Android permissions should allow you to protect your identity but Samsung realize this and just stop the app working at all if you don't Grant then everything they demands. They should be embarrassed.
App is useless. I have a smart Samsung washing machine that the app doesn't recognize and all it does for my samsung smart TV is cast my phone to the screen, something my samsung smart phone already does on it's own. How does a samsung smart app not work with any Samsung Electronics/Appliances?
Need to fix some tgigs, why in remote you can turn off your tv and not turn on... Since if you mirror screen with turned off tv, it will be turned on by mirror screen? So the ability is there, need to be implemented to remote, when you pause tv sound on mobile, it doesn't resume :/
Installed this specifically to connect to my washing machine (ww10h9600ew/eu) but it has never connected. Washing machine is connected to WiFi and has updated to latest version but the "easy connection" counts all the way down from 300 to 0. Smartthings just helpfully says "couldn't connect to device"!
Since 2016 people complain in forums that there is no way to delete floor plans for smart vacuums. Still not fixed. -I have gotten a typical standardized answer from a Samsung representative that I should contact them directly. Had she bothered to even read, it would have been obvious many contacted Samsung directly in the past 2 years and have been ignored. 27.04.18 -The last Update made it even worse. Now I can't acces the control Interface of my robot vacum at all. The app has become utterly useless... but still not as useless as Samsung support. My VR9300 robot vacuum is now about as smart and practical as a brick. Thank you Samsung support! 23.5.18 I got the new Galaxy s9 Same issues. The RVC connects only the first time and then never again.
Keeps turning things on when I do not want nor need them on. Wish I could remove it completely, crappy bloatware. And no I won't open the app to email you because the app sucks and makes everything on my phone screw up. Do yourself a favor and and uninstall this bloatware
The worst app ever. They dropped support for most handlers working in the classic app, so a lot of your existing stuff won't work at all. Stay clear of Smartthings in general. Better get a Wink Hub, which also has its quirks, but at least the app works very well. The classic app is almost as bad as the new one, as every time you open the app and click on "devices" it has to re-load all your devices from the network, so it is impossible to open it and quickly control your devices. Wink at least is pre-loaded there.
I liked the app better when my devices were right on the front page instead of having to go into the devices then choose the device. Doesn't automatically reconnect to my docking station probably more of an issue with the station than the app though.
App worked well connecting to my Samsung TV with my Samsung S7 Active phone when it was Samsung Connect. This update they did in creating Smart Things will not allow me to connect with my new Samsung S9+ phone. Very disappointed.
I don't need this app. So the constant update reminders is annoying! They do reply fast, so that's another star.
Bloatware that demands new permissions and does not allow for uninstallation. If this us such a wonderful "service", shouldn't it stand on it's own without the demands that we keep it? Pathetic, Samsung.
They changed the app. It now requires access to your location and/or contacts to work. Also, app updates can automatically remove devices or make devices incompatible.
So I thought this app would restore my ability to connect with my Samsung Smart TV as advertised. But it does not. It does nothing more than my own normal Bluetooth settings but eats up 100+MB I can't delete. Yay!
It works better than before but still has connection issues at times. Needs more stability. To the reviewer with the Samsung washer, I have an LG washer with WiFi, same alert to mobile when it's finished. But I can download different custom wash cycles to the machine. Samsung makes good stuff so I'm sure it has that feature possibly
I have to return to Samsung connect. Smart things always crashes. I can't get past the privacy screen. As soon as I agree and press done, it immediately crashes. Correct this and I'll give it a higher rating. Shouldn't Samsung apps work with Samsung products?
Have air conditioner. Worked fine on other app...now even though it registers it on this app it keeps saying to check internet or power supply when trying to open device on the app..the internet an power are not an issue. This app is horrible at the present time.*** I do want to shout out to samsung for responding. I did as requested and sent email. If issue is corrected will gladly update and change stars.
This has been automatically installed on my Tab A and can't be uninstalled nor stopped. It doesn't appear in my Settings/Apps - nowhere to be found, therefore can't even run it if I wanted to. I have no use for it. Until now I have been a Samsung fan for many years; but no longer. My future phones, tablets will be other Android devices
Well i cant connect my smart tv even though screen share turn off tv turn on tv etc is all there but nothing works i click tv off nothing i try connect aircon becouse remote is stuffed still not working then i try to connect fridge for it to tell me whats in the fridge still nothing this app is disbitefull
UI is better than the Classic SmartThings app but that's about it. Doesnt support a lot of the original features like Marketplace or SmartApps. Doesnt support Inovelli products yet like the Classic SmartThings app. Released too early, sticking with Classic SmartThings App until major improvements/releases.
Was hoping it would be like Peel Smart Remote. So far it's a POS and does nothing. UPDATE: still worthless.
The Samsung SmartThings app seems like a 3rd grader designed it. It is not user friendly and connecting a product is painful. I do not recommend this app.
still not able to display image from my Samsung hd pro camara. the old smartthings app shows the camara as active with a play button which works. the new app shows it on like a bulb that you can turn on and off don't work
I dont want it. I dont need it. I dont have samsung appliences in my home. Im not gonna buy samsung apliances in my home just because this app is pre-intalled. Why cant i uninstall it without rooting my phone. This is stupid. Oh wow they even bothered to write an automatic reply.
I dont even use the app and it crashes all the time. "SmartThings not responding". And why can't we disable it? What if we don't want it? I uninstalled the updates and it crashed my phone (it's fine now).
Connects most of the time but always asks for permission? So you need the remote to allow... the settings for external devices should work right?
If you have DirecTV this app is NOT for you! I have a S9 and a 2017 Samsung 4k TV. Samsung CONNECT app worked fine, but Smart THINGS app broke everything. This app will not communicate with the DirecTV receiver. That means you cannot change channels, pull up the guide or recordings, or do anything that deals with the DirecTV receiver. This app shows a remote with all these feature but clicking the buttons does nothing and the Tab returns a message prompting that this feature is only available on the physical remote. Ironically, prior to the update from Samsung Connect, all these featured worked flawlessly but ever since Samsung pushed the migration to Smart Things, NOTHING DirecTV works through this app!!!
I am really glad that an app like this was created. If it was not made, I hope they would have somehow had a way to work with these settings on my phone. Because I have this specific app, and I might add a one of a kind as well, its the only way I can connect my Blue Yeti USB microphone. It's a powered USB mic, so unless you have a powered USB adapter the phone does not seem to recognize a device that needs power as well as an input/output for MIDI audio which really sucks. For some reason my Blue Snowball would work justfine but not the Yeti. But if I plug in the USB and set the USB setting to charge this device meaning the yeti mic then I take a Male to make mic aux cable that has the three rings on each side and plug it into the headphone jack on yeti and then the other end into headphone jack on my galaxy s9+ I have success. After literally hours of trying to figure it out that's the only way. But it's easier just to use my laptop for sound and phone for video. Also if u try my method with the yeti mic sometimes u may want to reverse that mic cable and plug in the other way around jack and vise versa. Again just turn that mic cable but keep it plugged in both headphone ports on yeti and on phone. But I use my beats kid cable and I can't remember off the top of my head but the beats cable has a mic and volume control module attached to the cable and itll just record from that mic on the module so make sure u just turn around the cable
Multiple outages, reconnecting issues, poor app functionality and lack of keeping customers informed. This app deserves a 1 star until it's all fixed... Update: April 22. Apps gotten a bit better sense.
Bloatware added to my Samsung phone by default that does add any useful functionality. The slow responsiveness of the program mages it easier to just manage devices through the Android Bluetooth functionality
Hit and miss. Half the time it won't connect to series 7 uhd tv. When it does it's great though. Needs work. Note 8 running Oreo.
Samsung Customer service was awful... I did research myself to connect my Weiser lock .. the hub doesn't work with smart garage openers. Works nice with my lock however
Go use the other smart things app. This one is horribly less functional and you don't learn that until after you give it access to contacts, storage, location, etc, etc, etc.... Worthless.
I am so incredibly frustrated with the ability to use my Samsung devices!!! There were a few glitches with the previous app that allowed streaming to multiple speakers from almost any source. Now, I can't use wifi to stream my music and have to use Bluetooth. Every time my phone rings, gets an email or text, it turns off the music momentarily. I used to be able to use my Wi-Fi to connect but there's not even an option now. Additionally, I have to download every single app I want to stream from. I don't have room for any more apps on my phone! It was so simple previously, I simply pulled up my Samsung app, picked a platform to stream and hit play. I would delete the app but it's the only way to use the $1000 worth of speakers we have purchased for our home!
When I disconnect from a Bluetooth device, leave it disconnected! Keep reconnecting on its own. Very annoying.
1. Bloatware, 2. Sets on permisions to camera, contacts, etc even though I do not use or want to use. (I have now turned these off) 3. On my Tab S2 it says may not be optimized for you device, yet it still wants to install.
The APP is unreliable. Keeps failing to control and connect with my TV. Connection failed. Also uses too many permissions that you can't deactivate - like Location, Contacts, files and recording.
I constantly have to use the old app to control my devices, without an issue. This version fails to work constantly with my devices.
Editted and Deleted previous comments due to new issue I've noticed. This rubbish removed default screen mirroring on my s7. First I used it to mirror/view phone on tv. Yay, refuses to show phone in landscape mode no matter the orientation of my phone. Photos and video take on landscape are horrible when seen in portrait view. Default screen mirroring never had this issue! It mirrored the screen. Further more phone needs to keep processing video (taken from camera.) This results in phone and tv playing videos at different sections. Pausing, rewind and fast forward is hectic when phone is at different points in the file. That is when the file actually plays on both devices. Tried reconnecting 6 times and still could not play file in landscape, pause, rewind/fast forward a 14second video!!! I'm sick and tired off companies making things better and making them worse whilst also requiring more ************ permissions!!!!! Next phone, tablet and t.v. won't be Samsung.
It requires permissions not realted to the aplication or use. Why does it need access to contacts and pictures? Reply (Not sure how to reply back properly): Hi Ellen, We can deny permissions, sure. However, the app will not run with any single permission not enabled. This app is garbage, as it *requires* permissions not related to the use. Meaning it can get any information it wants to without further notifying the user.
Unwanted Software: Quoting the description of the App does not alter the fact that this software is present without my consent. I have no use for it, and in actual fact, Google's Play Store identifies that the App is not even optimised for my device.
Samsung spyware. I am also getting charges on my credit card for no reason from "Smarthings". She below how Samsung pretends to care? I emailed the evidence as suggested. No response. Look at all of this one star reviews. Spyware until proven otherwise.
I want to be free to uninstall app I don't use. Crapware imposed by the producer is the reason why I dumped Apple for Android. Do not go their way, please! I want to be free to uninstall this one, Samsung Pay, etc.
Stealth installed bloatware I didn't want, is no use to me, cannot be uninstalled or disabled, and is yet another reason that this will be my last Samsung phone. Response to reply to this comment from the dev - You're missing the point. I DON'T HAVE ANY SUITABLE DEVICES AND HAVE NO INTENTION OF GETTING ANY. I DO NOT WANT THIS APP. IT IS COMPLETELY POINTLESS FOR ME AND WILL REMAIN SO FOR EVER MORE BUT YOU SEEM TO THINK THAT YOU KNOW WHAT I WANT TO USE MY PHONE FOR BETTER THAN I DO. This is an app with one specific purpose - to connect to devices which I do not have, nor have any intention of getting. I do not want it on my phone, continually restarting itself and taking up resources and space I could be using for other things. Pointing out that it can connect to a variety of devices NONE OF WHICH I HAVE OR WANT is not helpful, it's antagonising. There is only one thing you can do for me, and that is uninstall this uninvited software from my phone. Oh wait, having now read previous reviews, I see that all you do is copy and paste the same marketing reply to every critical review, ignoring the comment anyway, so trying to make a point to you is as pointless as this app is to me.
This is yet another piece of junk that I have been forced to install by Samsung. I don't want this app, but I can't disable or remove it. It's garbage like this that will prevent me from buying another Samsung phone again.
I hate that I cannot uninstall this app. I don't use my phone to control my home. This app makes me want to never want to buy another Samsung product and go straight to an iPhone. I disabled it as much as possible. Shame on Samsung for forcing on customers. Take it off!
Update: Please let us uninstall this application! << SAMSUNG GET THIS APP OFF MY TABLET >> UPDATE: After my last UPDATE Samsung contacted me by email and tried to "Kiss" up to me. I'm standing my ground on this issue because this a country where we have free speech. God bless the USA. Samsong has made it difficult to see my review but if you look for it's there. The installation of this application was a forced installation on my Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1. I personally think that a forced installation is an Invasion of privacy. It's enough that users of devices have to be forced to have bloteware apps, but adding more apps to a device after the purchase date is just a reminder that big brother is always watching us. Don't let them get away with invading our privacy anymore. StopTheyLive. Let us uninstall your application!
Won't install hub, says I'm not connected to my Samsung account when I am. Without the hub it won't connect any devices. Old smartthings app automations don't work either.
Garbage. Login page never logs in. Now my smart home is no longer smart. I can't even login and my devices are no longer available in the legacy app
HELLO SAMSUNG WHY DO YOU NEED CONTACT AND LOCATION PERMISSION FOR THIS APP.as i know to access Bluetooth you need bluetooth permission. and there is nothing to do with contact permission. so please stop asking for contact permission and location permission else i will report it to google. as there is no such feature to keep these permissions mandatory.
What'd you do to this app with your last update?? Now I'm not able to control the devices I was able to before, is asking for authorization and when I try to accept it keeps saying that it "failed'. The TV, which I was able to control with this app and phone before, is on and it's showing as disconnected. Out of the 2 TVs that are on right now is only showing and allowing to access one of them, why'd have to go and mess things up??
I don't want this app, I didn't ask for it, but I can't dismiss its update. How do I get rid of it? Bloatware!!!
Can't get past the sign in page, stuck at the supported browser screen. Using Chrome which is supported, even installed Samsung internet (which I shouldn't have to do) and still stuck on that screen. Guess I need to return my whole SmartThings package since I can't use the app. Nice waste of time I guess.
Why can't I connect things that I already own. Impossible I suppose. This is very frustrating.
Every time I try connecting it disconnects. I have to attempt to connect about 10 times before it actually connects. I'm not sure why. I'm updated, k don't have other apps running. I'm frustrated and need this app to function
Unwanted, unneeded, and unwelcome. Can't uninstall, and every attempt to disable it comes with dire warnings. Not cool.
I don't need this app and don't want this app on my phone. The only thing I have is my phone. Sent an email, got a response back how to disable it, and it won't let me. Also, was told how to uninstall. Doesn't work either, it just uninstalls the updates, and then show up everytime asking me to update.
Read the online reviews. Sadly terrible reviews. I Will not be updating until I see positive reviews. I use smart stuff at home and control it with my note 8. I don't want it to get messed up.
Not optimized for my device but of course Samsung won't let me delete it so it keeps annoying me with updates I don't need.
Junky app. The original SmartThings app is much better, but I kept getting notifications to "upgrade" to this and several notifications warned that the original app would soon quit working. This "updated" app is half-ass at best, I have a dozen smart things in my house including the entire security system (which I why I took the warnings and notifications serious) but half the time, only half the things can be controlled or monitored with this "new and improved app", and which devices don't work is completely random...sometimes it's the doorbell cam, other times is the security siren or the garage door control or some other device that simply doesn't work. How about BEFORE deploying an "updated" and "improved" app AND sending notifications and warnings Samsung, fix all the bugs and actually "update" and "improve" the app? Oh, and Samsung thought this downgrade, buggy, pain-in-the-ass app was so special that it can't be uninstalled. Ridiculous!
Just using the remote for TV. It constantly tells me that the TV has to be on before I can use it.... Then when it does switch on, it tells me the TV has to be on before the volume/channels buttons will work. Totally Frustrating...
This is a new version from classic version, but unfortunately doesn't work properly. My god... unstable and not reliable.
Everything works fine in SmartThings Classic but in this app I can't even turn on or off the lights that are connected to SmartThings hub. Keeps saying that can't connect to a device.
I can't get the app to sign in or add any devices. It just crashes. Also, I can't send any messages through the contact us or "report a problem" it just constantly fails. I tried rolling back all updates and reinstalled. Nothing works.
Easy to use. Convenient. Only gripe is the the panel that comes up on my notification bar. Comes up slowly sometimes and cause a delayed jump when I'm trying to select a notification.
This is an app that waste space and resources on my tablet. I do not use and have no plan to use. Continued forcing of download is pushing me away from Samsung's tablet and phones.
Asking for permission for something else? No thanks...refuse to update. Had option to uninstall but I'm not able to remove it
This is NOT the replacement for SmartThings classic app, MAIN features such as fingerprint login is missing, quick switches from Notification tray is VERY buggy, works once out of 4 to 5 tries
Always gives me the error that my TV and smart phone are not on the same network despite that being true. I love the app but just can't get the remote working. Please fix
Since the last update screen mirroring to my tv is AWFUL, constantly get error messages and the lag is embarrassing. Also why move the option to change screen ratio to such an inconvenient place!?
This app and all Samsung products as well as Google and FakeBook apps want too much personal information. I'm tired of every app and phone needing to know every detail about your usage and data and life, habits, etc... It feels like someone is always spying on you, I hate being watched or spied on. It may work just fine but as for me, I prefer privacy. Millenials have no idea that all that you put out there, stays out there, forever and can come back to haunt you. I grew up at a time where privacy is expected, so this app and most apps and cell phones simply want too much information. As soon as people stop giving it to them, maybe (maybe not) the tech world will stop asking for it. I doubt it, but I can let them know that I don't want someone watching every dang thing I do unless I'm being paid for it. So Samsung ante up... a free phone? Cash prizes? Privacy Please!
Bloatware that requires too many permissions I don't have any Samsung Smart Things. I'm annoyed at having this not be deleteable. I also think it's terrible practice for this app to require all these permissions from the start. If anything, it should have nothing and require specific permissions only when a user sets up a particular feature.
Appalling. Can't stop, can't disable & can't uninstall from galaxy Tab A. This is the last Samsung device for me. Next phone is a Pixel. Enough is enough.
b"How can I get rid of this rubbish ? It's messing up my s7 by constantly appearing in games txts calls every 2 mins I have force stopped it but it switches back on ! I'm not buying Samsung again ??"
Not much use to me just takes up memory on my S7 Edge, also you can only uninstall "updates" not the whole app. Would be nice if we were given the choice if we want it or not?
Don't want it, didn't ask for it, and would remove it if I could. Can't disable it or remove it, and it crashes every single f'ing time I get a phone call or a message. WHY IS THIS STINKING APPLICATION RUNNING EVERY TIME I GET A PHONE CALL OR A MESSAGE? THIS IS THE LAST TIME SAMSUNG. I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR PRODUCTS AGAIN!
This app will not connect to any of my smart sensors. However, the other one does. I'm confused why Samsung have 2 apps for smart things anyway. Not sure which is the newest.
Wanted access to location, contacts, and other things completely unrelated to casting media Edit: It was suggested I deny permissions however I wanted, but the app does NOT let you use it unless you agree to grant ALL permissions.
Smartthings has changed my life. As soon as I updated it, my IQ increased from 86 to 167, and it gifted me with psychokinesis. Now I can move objects with my mind! Thank you Samsung.
No useful & can't Disable. Only new Samsung smart TV supported. My Samsung 55" is not one of the models. Don't have other Samsung appliances.
Compared to classic its a wasted effort and will move me to a different hub. Can't change lock codes and can't find wemo plugs. Don't fix it if it ain't broke!
The longer I've owned SmartThings, the more I've regretted the investment. The latest iteration of the SmartThings app does not allow me to use my presence sensor to automatically set home and away mode, meaning it now serves literally no function. The old app was also terrible in its own right but at least it let me use the presence sensor in the way it was intended. Also (not a criticism of the app and rather a criticism of the system itself but still) all of my sensors have been draining battery outrageously quickly recently and they're soon going to become useless when I can't be bothered to buy batteries for a system which rarely actually feels useful. I can only thank SmartThings for teaching me sooner rather than later that smart home automation is yet worth the time, effort, or money.
It is good when or works, but it has many glitches. Most of the time it does not detect that my brand new Samsung 8,000 series or my older 6300 series is powered ON, even after turning it ON with the same app. That error restricts all control usage showing that "the TV is OFF", except for the power button to turn it back off.
When connecting to tv to display whats on phone there is no audio/sound..So apart from pictures its not usefull at all..2 stars
How do I uninstall this useless app? It still exist in available updates even after uninstalling.
Buggy. Not intuitive. Phones as presence sensors not working. Devices randomly disconnect, lights randomly turn on.
Set up my Arlo cameras and the app keep changing the settings and preventing the cameras from recording. I even rename the cameras to identify them and the app reset the names back to their serial numbers. Also it doesn't work with August smart locks...
Doesn't work if Microsoft Edge is set as the default browser. Repeatedly crashes on my wife's Galaxy S9. Requires permissions to EVERYTHING. Even to Record Audio. (?)
What i hate about this app is. when im connected i been disconnecting to my connections when i turn off my wifi setting, which is pretty much annoying and useless.. I like the old app not this. i've disable the app so it wont interfere with my bluetooth connections.
Working good but sometimes music and video buffering and its irritate me and pls fix this bug. I'm using s8plus and samsung smart curved UHD TV.
Used to work great but after the "Smart Things" switch it hasn't been a smart thing. I can't mirror my phone (Note 8) to my new Samsung Smart TV.
This app sucks it's so confusing and hard to use. the old one was so much better
This APP installed itself....i did not install it. Now, it tells me I cannot uninstall it. Get rid of it!
Worthless app since I have no other Samsung product to connect with yet this insist on running in the background on my phone all the time
This app shouldn't be on the play store. Cannot be completely uninstalled and isnt at all a properly developed ad. And why the heck does it need access to everything. Do not trust this 1 bit.
Easy to use and setup. Some minor improvements can make it 5 stars. E.g. clicking push notifications should open the app for actions or allow actions within the push notifications.
I have 6 Samsung aircon and 2 out of 6 always can't be added into the application itself. Very bad applications or Samsung aircon defect!
Left my phone in airplane mode, came back with this installed and bluetooth enabled. Not secure, not okay! I leave bluetooth off for a reason!
I have attempted both this and the Samsung classic app. It appears you must use a Samsung phone for them to operate. If I attempt to sign in, I get the circle for a few moments and it then clears the password field. I can attempt to create a new account, but when I click submit it clears all fields. I have created six different accounts in an attempt to login all with the same issue. I can log into all six using either a windows 10 device, but not my Oneplus phone. Apparently I can log in using my wife's Samsung phone. If you don't own a Samsung phone, do not buy a Samsung SmartThings device.
Arlo connectivity is not the best via the ST app. ST app shows inaccurate Arlo Pro cam info
I did not download this app willingly. Why can't I uninstall this app? I did not order this app but it has all those permissions. Sad.
Don't want or need it. Taking up space on phone. All permissions removed, now, just need to remove app.
I love the Smart Things app. It lets me switch my audio back and forth between my phone and my LG Tones with ease. I like playing stuff to friends it that is the greatest feature to have!
Hopefully theres a different app that will work with my Samsung TV. It's only a few years old and I watch 3d on it. Its smart enough to turn on my ps4. I don't get it. I also recently a few months ago bought a smart washer and dryer that looks like it will work with a different samsung app hopefully. Kinda sucks that this won't connect to anything over a year old apparently. Hoping for updates. Obviously not a huge deal thing but would be cool
Useless app that can not be disabled for those who don't need it but takes memory. Just bloatware for majority of people.
Screen mirror works sometimes not always even if connected tk the same network and turni g off tv basic troubleshoot and nothing..overall when it does work it works good im a big samsung i have everything samsung from fridge ac washing machine microwave etc phone tv
If I wished to control other devices with my Samsung tablet or phone, I would be very pleased to give Samsung the courtesy of considering this app. But I don't have this need. Unfortunately Samsung is not comfortable with the idea of reciprocating this courtesy by giving its customers the choice of removing it from their devices, or at the very least, allowing them to disable it. It's easy for the Samsungs of the world to convince themselves that customers were put on this earth to generate revenue and provide them with an endless torrent of consumer behaviour data. But we pay your salaries and keep the lights on, so you can come up with products that we CHOOSE to buy. Or not buy. Finally, a plea to Tony of Smart Things support: It is pleasing to see Samsung responding to customer complaints about this and other aspects of this app. But I urge you to not thank me for this feedback and assure me that you have passed it on. I don't mean to shoot the messenger but you should know that these insipid and insincere responses just increase the suspicion and mistrust of the people who pay your collective wages. If you want to try a novel new approach, perhaps you could respond instead with an unambiguous undertaking by Samsung to resolve this by a specific date, or provide a plausible explanation of what is preventing Samsung from doing so.
There are a lot people who DONT'T want to control a lot of devices with one single app. It's like have this onion, because you can put it in the apple pie. Samsung! People will love you even more, if you offer options. Not a system app, so have it offered to be disabled. Simples. Same goes for Bixby, BEFORE being installed, while we are at it and the others...
50% of the time I select my Powerbot, which indicates its connected, but cannot edit the program because I get a connection failure dialog box. I'd also like more customization such as selecting what says to run the vacuum instead of just once or everyday at the same time
Requires many permissions, cannot be removed and does nothing useful for me. App is therefore malware.
Not ready for prime time. The app is still missing critical features that are available on their "SmartThings Classic" app. Notably, routines are completely gone, eliminating the ability to respond to changes in switches and set modes, and there is no ability to create widgets. Basically, this is ALPHA software without the alpha label. UNINSTALLING
Samsung: Please let us remove or disable this annoying bloatware that asks for way too many access privileges.
I will never buy a Samsung smart whatever, please let me delete this
More bloatware I dont want and cant get rid of. Come on Samsung why?
Cant use smart apps. Spent a ton on home automation and yet my controls are very basic. Where is the advanced automation? Where is the smartapps?
it doesn't connect to my TV when I use a VPN both as remote control or smart view. fix it please.
Pile of poop for what it is! Needs put some proper £ in ur developer's wages n they may make it good for yha! Plenty of other better Apps that do same thing!
I don't like it when I can't control what's on my phone I want to have the option of uninstalling this app also why does it need so many permissions I don't want it having all my information
Not optimized for tab s3. Doesn't work with my Samsung smart tv, very disappointing.
Cannot get past setup screen. Downloaded Samsung browser, still fails! Worthles app.
Worked before update, now when I try to screen mirror My phone with my TV so I can watch amazon prime, when the screen goes into sleep mode on the phone the tv gets jumpy and unwatchable. Basically made the app useless for me now.
Why did this install...I dont have any smart things?
On tab 2 April just opens and closes constantly. On note 8 it works until you add the Samsung family hub fridge then it crashes. Works on tv but you must have April in a phone to connect other items like fridge. Over all day to glitchy.
The app is pretty good. The only issue is it freezes up at times. It does what it needs to do though.
Samsung spyware accessing most of my phone including contacts and other private information is now asking me to update but also wants to access my camera and microphone? I don't use this app why would I give these permissions and unable to delete it you are going to be in slot of trouble Samsung , this is wrong morally, I want my privacy back please.
I have tried everything apart from uninstalling this app. It constantly pops up and wants me to give it permissions. I have tried to block it, disable notifications etc; there should be a means to disable it when I don't want to use it without deleting it.
b'Was great until latest update to "smart things." Now it won\'t connect to my Samsung LCD TV model #: LN40C630. Why would you drop existing support with such an update?! ??'
Easy to use. Connect to Samsung brand devices is not a problem, but for others is just a hit and miss
Forced app. Useless to me. Can't remove what i don't need off a phone i spent a rent check on?
Would rate this ZERO if I could... Cannot use the app on my LG V30 phone without installing Samsung Internet browser that I don't want or need. Nowhere in the description is this called out. I primarily use Chrome Dev and will not be switching to something else.
Using galaxy S8, trying to connect to my new Q7fn TV, and the app on my phone continually crashes, but doesn't give me a crash report. Can't keep open for more than 10 seconds at a time
I like smartthings, now considered classic, but I thought I'd check this out. It is I guess made to only control lighting, where as the classic app I could control my IP cameras. So I'll continue using classic and I guess sell off my smartThings hub if they ever force this as the sole app. It is the worst. Just awful.
Spent ages trying to get this to connect to my new Samsung washer. Including two calls to Samsung customer services who also couldn't get it connected. Have now given up ever connecting the washer to my phone.
DO NOT INSTALL. It keeps your bluetooth on even after you turn it off and MURDERS your battery. Put it on a junk phone and treat it like a remote. TERRIBLE AP.
You'd think with a Samsung phone and a Samsung TV, it would be a seamless app, its awkward, clunky and spends an age reconnecting if you want to use your phone as anything other than a remote
You need to work on the connection problem you idiots the only reason why I'm using your app at this point is because it will not let me delete it. You cause more grief with hiccups in music than anything else I've ever known! either remove yourself from the Google Play or fix the problem
b"It's a very good app but is missing a enhanced full screen mode on phone screen while mirroring TV on phone. Please add that option to full both full screen and 16:9 screen options. For example samsung internet has that option. I will give 5star after seeing full contents of my TV on my phone with enhanced full screen ??"
Connectivity is awful! Unimaginative features. Availability of devices terrible.
Edit, same reply as given to everyone but no action. PLEASE SAMSUNG, I want to uninstall this app. I'm aware of what it's for, and I don't want it.
Not at all easy to use. Will not sync with any Samsung electronic device.
b"082418, 100418 ??update: I only have one Bluetooth device app at home and my insurance has a beacon so don't need ~64Mb of internal storage just to run 2 things and wish for things I can't have. Maybe later when I've got a newer model w more RAM. ??SG8-O Edit: Sometimes my BT speaker won't connect and I've got to the app manually and turn it on that way. Or I go into settings, hit Bt and connect that way. Not that big of a deal once I figured it out. So really, there's no issue here - and there wasn't before so I'm unsure why you thought there was as I was pretty clear...unless you wanna give me some free smart things!??"
When I tap to my LG smart television's name in smart thing unfortunately the app get closed ,please fix the bug
why assuming all user require this app... irritating, it can not be removed from the phone
Used to be good, but after last update, seems as though the several devices & services that I use were removed. Now this may need to be removed to find another product that continues to support big ticket items like Nest
So my issue is before this update I was able to use my S8+ as a remote for my Samsung television. Now it no longer shows the remote layout or how to get it back. If this is an easy fix, please let me know. Thank you
Will not even open without me giving complete access to my contact list, why do you need them to control my tv?
Keeps disconnecting from my bluetooth headphones while I'm using them. Have to keep going to the menus to turn media controls back on. Very frustrating and obnoxious.
Why do Samsung shove this onto you and prevent you from removing it whether or not you use/want it!!!!!
For the robot vacuum the map report of where it cleaned daily is tricky to get to download from the bot to the app. Needs improvement, perhaps a button to manually download map report.
It's so hard to connect my Note 8 to the Samsung TV Series 7. Either my phone can't see the TV or when it does, it won't mirror the screen.
Stop changing everything. Just when I'm used to using to using the other app they switch to this smart things app. Leave well enough alone
Does not work well with Google Home. Buy Wemo instead. They work without a hub and work the first time with Google Home.
A solid 90% of my phone to samsung TV mirroring connection attempts end with my phone crashing and rebooting. Seems to be a critical issue with the app itself.
My powerbot Darth Vader sudden degraded where all the voice speech back to breathing voice!
For most devices expects you to have their hub, also Samsung phones no longer IR Blaster no app is useless
Just found this app and I love it! I get instant notifications on all my stocks regarding earnings, upgrades, or just if they appear in a story. I feel like I'm the first to know when news affects my positions. Awesome!
Still a POS! It sees NONE of my SmartThings devices, requiring me to use TWO apps to control the Connect Home and SmartThings hub. I cannot wait for Amazon to push SmartThings off the map of IOT.
I have a Note 8 and a new 65" 8 series samsung tv both expensive af and this stupid thing doesn't work.
I HAVE NO SMART DEVICES CAPABLE OF USING THIS APP. PLEASE ALLOW ME TO UNINSTALL IT.
This app works great! I am able to switch between both of my Samsung TVs and view them both from my phone. I hope you add a control so i can open the apps of the tv while viewing it from my phone.
Disconnects smart tv constantly, why fix what's not broken? This app is not helpful.
I don't need it for anything and I can't uninstall it from my phone completely to save space. I don't know how well of an app it works as.
App works great except if you have to make or receive a phone call while watching a movie that needs to be fixed
Disconnects my bluetooth in my car every 30 seconds, so frustrating
This is so helpfull it saved me once when i lost my remote for tv /televisions. It also helped me when i connect it with smart light .IT turned the light on and off with my phone
It needs separate controls for warm to cool whites and colors for lights that do both that's kind of basic, instead of using one color wheel and you having to figure it out
Requires access to way too many permissions, most of my switches no longer let me toggle with this app.
Have had the smart thing hub for about 5 years, we recently got the Amazon Alexa, they work perfectly together helping to ensure a nearly fully automated home.
This app update isn't ready for release. There is currently no way to migrate or connect using an existing Smartthings account. There is no way to add Bluetooth and Smart TV devices to rooms. There is no way to rename a Smart TV device. This app takes up space but doesn't really add any functionality that wasn't already built in to Android or available in the classic Smartthings app (which at least works). I am also concerned how a forced migration will impact the Smartthings developer community and ecosystem.
No body like it. Read the review. Those that like it ARE STUPID IDIOTS...
Don't want it. Stop forcing us apps we don't want.
The smartthings is useless. Does not work. May be the next version will.
Dissapointed. Can't add or fully control my samsung wifi ac on my samsung phone using this samsung app. It works on an iphone though.
I can't use my mirroring to my Samsung TVs anymore the old apps worked just fine now it doesn't
The most useful feature in this app is the ability to connect multiple Bluetooth devices at once and see them all listed in one place. Makes it very easy and convenient to switch between paired devices. Great app overall.
Thanks for fixing it to not force us to use Samsung Internet browser instead of other choices. Gonna give this a go this weekend!
This enviornment with samsung is awesome.. especially with that tv .. so many options that no other company will give... great job samsung
'Screen Mirroring' is not working for a Samsung S6 phone to a Sony Bravia KDL-60W850B tv. Getting error message 'failed to connect to device via Smart View'.
Always stuck half way in configuration for qdrive washing machine . If manage to add in, is always stuck in monitoring
Almost impossible to connect to my Samsung 4k TV. Have to close out multiple times. Note 8
Rough migration from the "classic" app. Looks like I will have to re-add everything I own
One word : LAG, after the latest updates when i'm connected to my tv it is always glitchy
The new app doesn't even work at all!! Now all my Samsung connect devices all disconnect?!?! Samsung u need to up your game!
no longer eorks with windows 10 connect, i hope they fix this soon as i use it for work.
App doesn't allow push notifications for when door sensors are open. Also, the notifications it does give are not particularly useful.
I use this as a remote to my samsung tv. And sometimes it gets disconnected. Especially when screen mirrorring
It worked for awhile then all of a sudden it won't let me connect to my tv
The app continually crashes I am unable to register my 75 Q7 tv.
Garbage. Doesn't work well with Powerbot 9350. Disconnected all the time on the app and Home App as well since update. Garbage!!!
I like the app but it's not allowing me to add my Panasonic tv and it's picking up other tv's that's around
Why is this app forced into existing in my phone even though I don't want it. It can't even be disabled or uninstalled.
It used to work perfect until the last update now for some reason everytime I try to turn my lights on and off using Bixby it always tells me something unexpected went wrong
I have a 58 inch Samsjng 4k TV and it doesn't always recognize it as being on.
No good if it will only connect to Samsung Smart Tv's. Is Samsung getting some of the Apple mentality? Sorry day if it is
I use robotic vc, the device cannot be connected to internet via Smart Things app if the access point has several names.
I really dont know what to think... i just bought the lated q9fn qled tv amd the smartthings app failed to set it up, had to do it manually. Now i can't eve open the app. It starts to load devices and then closes on me. I have cleared data and cache, un installed update and reinstalled, and i have message the support team with no reply yet. Currently using halaxy s8 plus so i dont know what the problem is. HELP!
The new updated made it so I can no longer see the history of my Yale lock and I can no longer see need door code through the app. This was tain reason I bought this hub.
When trying to login all i get is error. Browser not supported. Even when using Samsung internet. Useless.
The option to view TV on the phone (Galaxy S8) disappeared on the latest version.
Video playback disconnects at 25 mins for all the playbacks. Request you to update the playback feature.
Don't want it on my phone, it's an unnecessary security risk but it is near impossible to keep off the phone
Didn't ask for it. Don't want it. Cant get rid of it. Ugh
I like the app, but I'm not a big fan of the changes in the recent update.
Didn't support my Samsung smart TV after told it did. Y'all suck
This app is not intuitive at all. The previous version was better.
I have 2 devices. It doesn't easily switch between the two
Very clunky compared to old app and extremely difficult to get devices add.
Why come out with a new app that doesn't seem to do as much as the old app?
Love it. Sometimes the quick blutooth tool doesn't work so I open this and it works instantly. You can also sort all of your Bluetooth apps!
Thors app is pointless if it won't let you arm your alarm
App worked ok and now won't connect to my Samsung Power Bot
Can't uninstall. Forced crapware or spyware!
Unreasonably huge app for what it does, at 308mb locally
I haven't used it yet but I hope it is everything what people are talking about.
Do not want it, do not need it. Cannot uninstall or disable. Wants access to all sorts of stuff.
No widget support renders all of my home control tablets useless.... Currently searching for a new home control system to replace Smartthings after 4 years of being happy with the system.
The TV Remote has jammed. No way to delete it and start over.
My tv Sony 2018 model KD-55X8200E Not supporting
It's a terrible app you can't uninstall it, it's rubbish
It does not recognize my tv anymore with the new update.
I Love this!!! I have a Samsung smart tv and they work perfectly, I can watch my TV on my S8 or just hear it's sound, I can change volume and channels, this is the best device controlling app ever. LOVE IT!!!!!!
On the notifications->activity screen, when a door is "unlocked" instead of saying that it says "with timeout=". Just confusing, since "locked" is labeled fine.
I don't have samsung smart TV
Can even connect my galaxy s8 to my Samsung TV. Hate it
Watching videos is so disgusting on new version of in app video player
This should not be automatically installed on all cell phones from Samsung
I used a different email to sign in on my Smart thing account. This app would not allow me to change account to that email, and it would not discovery Samsung hub.
Overcomplicated and won't even connect to my Phillips Hue Bridge.
Horrible experience. They should never have removed the classic features.
Hardly ever pairs to Bluetooth devices automatically which is really a nuisance
I don't mind the app at all. Long as you know how to use it I have all the apps for smartthings and depending on what you need and what your using it for is the app I use. And there is always a support line.
Leaving samsung brand because of apps like this. Can't uninstall only Disable. Give me freedom of choice.
Did not let me sign up without installing and setting Samsung internet as my default browser.
b"Too many permissions??I don't want this application and I can't delete it?"
Works like a Charm even if I use a Gear S3(get it?)
I like the app. It's a good way to connect with the support staff which I think is great. Continue updating & improving.
One of my outdoor switches stopped working with the new update
It does what they say it does. Remote control for my Samsung TV. Could control other Samsung smart devices if I had any. Works flawlessly so far on my A8.
I haven't had a chance to test this app.
It's nice that I can control my TV with this now, however it's still a bit too slow to connect and it's not always reliable.
Straight up doesn't work!
I spend so much time with this app because I can't get it to connect to anything. I mainly need it for my samsung tv but it don't connect. They're both on the same network.
It doesn't work. In a Samsung phone with a Samsung TV set.
More bloatware from Samsung.. :(
More Samsung bloatware that should be removable.
Devices keep disconnecting from app. Too much time wasted.
This app does not support FHD. So, it is not that great.
Doesn't work! Period...... Can't work with any tv..... hate it!
Multipurpose sensor, need it to be make a sound when it opens and closes.
Most of the time when I stop mirroring to my samsung tv I have to "delete" the tv and re-establish the connection if I want to reconnect without turning the tv off.
b'Very easy to setup my Samsung Powerbot except, it does not have a floorplan feature?? I would really like for that to be put in! ??'
Sadly the app doesn't work with my new q7fn
I'm thankful for the reviews but you guys are really bashing this in a redundant fashion. First I read about it... I steered clear but this is a broad stroke app... they didn't make it to annoy but rather help. They need to know what improves it and I'm sure you will get it in time. Help them help you. Don't collapse it before it gets off the ground. It has a good core idea to build on, which is why you are mad. I'd be mad too if they called it Miracle Mind Reader in a Box... Or ... How To Never Want For Anything Ever Again. Give them ideas cause this is so broad that if everyone wanted to see through the Hubble Telescope or Ride along with the next Lunar Mission... they will make it so. They could afford the rocket too just to do one for you. So please help them don't cause other customers with good ideas to run before they try. I did the first time and I'm not easily deterred. Please don't take this as rude or bashing anyone... I'm just giving a point of view and suggestions for a great core idea that is in its infant stages. If ya hold stock in Samsung... you should love this and support it because this app will sell TVs, washers, ovens, lights and eventually installed in your car to start it and work it all by voice. Fortune 500 companies will want and pay to be added on to their list of compatabilities to help sell their product. So buy stock... give helpful suggestions, retire at 40 LOL... and have this App do routine diagnostics to your boat and have it running, ready to board during your drive to the docks to get a small boat to take you out to your big boat. THINK BIG GUYS!!! Don't try to remove the app...HELP IMPROVE IT. Have that million dollar idea that makes Samsung the best product out there. When it works... it will at the very least show in your bullet proof drop off the top floor and bounce in the pool and still finish your conversation from the window, Galaxy 12 SSS+++ Next to the NEW APPLE-F.U.B.A.R. 4SS- sporting a 24k gold apple on the back, Rated #1 by S.N.A.F.U. Tech and seal of approval. The phone that will define you to Friends, family and perfect strangers........... THE HORSE IS OFFICIALLY DEAD (I used my phone to check his vitals) SO I'M OUTTY...PEACE!!!!! ;) :)
Great app. Really useful for playing content from your phone.
App continues to alert me saying I have 10% battery on my headphones even after my headphone are fully charged
Not so many devices I can use with this app, but is very useful on my TV's! Very nice touch.
App doesn't allow me to toggle switch to play audio through Bluetooth speakers
IT'S TRASH DON'T INSTALL IT OK
Bloatware cant disable stuck on samsung devices.
Devices are STILL listed by MAC address and not name or model which makes it impossible to determine what is legitimate and what isn't.
I went from using quick connect which got supposedly upraded to smart connect and now it won't connect to the tv and the quick connect app is gone...thanks for the great times
Did not want did not install Samsung remove it
Not even interested in seeing what it does.
I would love it if it worked. Samsung TV is only a year old. It's on the same wireless network as my phone. It doesn't connect. I've tested and tested.
Unresponsive, the connection is often lost for no reason
New version of the remote for Tv's is kind of awful
It would be great if there was an option to completely uninstall this app.
Please add the option for disabling this app.
It's funny: You have the WiFi connection and using Bluetooth to turn off the TV.
The input text feature is not working with the phone's keyboard when trying to enter an URL. With google's search bar the keyboard works okay
The app linked my phone to the car stereo seamlessly. To be honest I thought it came with the phone. Exactly how you want your tech to work.
I do not have any Samsung devices and I can't uninstall the app.
missing ok button, unusable for some apps
Very difficult to use. Not user friendly
Why do you need access to my contacts? No thanks.
Whenever I connect bluetooth to my car audio it automatically change to phone speaker and then I have to change it again to my car audio system can anyone solve my issue
b"Not as smooth and responsive as the classic app. I can't get used to this layout, there's too much going on. ??"
Doesn't let me log in, using chrome. Not installing another app just so I can login
I like this app it's very useful and easy to use
Could be more user friendly. Hub goes down allot
Samsung junk App that users are unable to uninstall
The app helped me set up all my devices in a short time. It provides guidance along the way.
When it works without stopping it's great
I am stuck in endless policy agree...done policy agree...done..
Easily connects all my Samsung stuff like soundbar, tv and phone. I can use my phone as a remote very convenient.
Crashes within 5 seconds of opening
All things in my phone now.
I used to be able to connect to my xbox one s to stream from my phone but can't anymore since a recent update
This app is so helpful!! I can control so many things with it and it works great!
Connects to, but fails to properly operate z-wave enabled lock schlage model 469
Limited support from smartthings classic devices. Needs routines enabled and enhanced scenes. Also needs more user created smart app support.
It's great! Easy to use, convenient and I just feel really cool controlling the television with my phone
Won't even open without audio and contact permissions, absolutely not giving that
TO many app i dont need!!°
Can't connect easy with tv
Stinks you can't unindtall
I want to be able to delete this and I don't want to be spyed by Samsung
Bloatware with no control.
It doesn't respond when turn on the tv from the app i have to refresh the app so i can start using the remote
It works well, even with Google assistant and Google Home Mini. Samsung did a good job with this app, finally!
I hope thy care about battery measure about every Bluetooth device connected i wish this from who make this application.. thanks.
Needs a better auto connection when bluetooth goes on and automatically gives you devices to connect with. Basically work hand in hand with Bluetooth.
Usually doesn't work. Doesn't turn anything on. Just have channel and volume controls for tv.
It's a great way to make your home esayer to use if you have many Bluetooth devices and smart devices in your home
Its a confusing waste of time.
Too many permissions. Forced app.
Samsung is getting as bad as apple
Its good but at times the remote control seems to disconnect and doesn't always work. Wish it was smoother when using the remote control.
Not connecting to view tv on mobile. It has some problem . Previous version was good
Love this app....now waiting for support for Vivint Home Security systems just like you did for ADT!
It is not user friendly.
When it can find my device it works well. More often than not it can't find my tv. Works better if tv is already on.
Was working fine but now won't connect to my TV even thought its connected to my internet
Implement smart view 2.0 and this app would be better. In 2.0 I could launch an app from my phone straight to my TV
It s not working well with samsung powerbot r7070,not showing history mapping cicles
Does exactly what it says it's going to do. I have 7 different devices hooked up and I have no problems.
Till last update not working on s8+
b"Works great. Helps so much. +Especially when you can't find your remote(s). ??"
On headphone... Can you show us the battery percentage please!!?
Transition to new app, now automated functions don't work properly. The old app worked flawless.
This won't let me trim on my TV when it's off
It is awesome very easy to use. I love it!
Awesome app. I use it all the time to screen my phone to our projector. Never had any issues.
Thank God it allows multiple connections and will reconnect if idle or out of range for to long on its own
Really does sucks that the app can't connect my 65ks8000 to the smartthings hub
Waste my storage only
Why the hell do you need to see my browser history with this freaking app... goodbye samsung...
For me am okay with the app save all my info here
It's okay when it works, but it doesn't always connect, say it rarely connects
I miss the SmartThings widgets.
The option to listen to your TV via your Samsung phone was removed. Why?
Sometimes it just doesn't work for no apparent reason, but usually it's pretty good
I don't want this app, let me remove it
It disconnects for no reason
Rubbish and serves no purpose
They finally added support for scenes so at least all the old features are now available.
I really like what samsung is doing with the smartthings concept! I hope it grows and gets super in depth and connected!
To many permissions and undeletable.
I love this app so much! I would never stop using my devices with this app! Thank you for this app Samsung!
Would be nice if my nest products would work with smartthings works with all my other devices
The new update wont let the keypad swipe to the right
Such a delay in sound , about 3 seconds between video and sound
Its really good picks up all my devices. where as my phone's app won't
M not able to turn it on my smart TV by this aap.
I don't know what is the usefulness of the app is for.
Works well with my tv and sound bar.
can't even disable or uninstall it
You should add more shortcuts like, sleep timer.
One of My Samsung tvs is not friendly to the app. But is ok.
Why does my Bluetooth turn on without permissions from the phone?
Too many permission privileges. Why does it needs so many?
Connects to what I want most of the time sometimes not
I love my Samsung s8 and smart things! Thanks again Samsung!
Stop forcing apps
It didn't work
My phone was already doing what this app claims to be doing...
Very very goot
b"I don't have the remote for my tv anymore ??"
Its a really awesome app. Er nrrd a lot more like it. Thank You!
Works like it should. As Windows phone user this is just like the Connected hub. Works great!
It did not meet the standard as indicated
update flowers screen notification and remote control
Well why can't this app switch on a TV from stand by Kinda of weird that you can do everything but can't switch on the TV
I would give it 5 stars if I could cast my Netflix also.
Very intuitive, came as cross it by accident really and love it!
Very easy to use and lots of applications.
Before the update, I was able to use smart view to connect to my Xbox one. I hope this gets fixed soon.
Would like to be able to store the maps so i can see what is really being vacuumed
All device at one place its very gr8 for me to handel my devices
Let me delete please
Hardly ever works with my TV
Keeps disconnecting my bluetooth devices
Best thing samsung could ever create.
Fix your app!
Easy to use And its quick
It can't be uninstalled
Forced onto device
Why do you need access to my contacts to work? 1 star
Terribly coded app
Can't be used with computers smh
I love this app it connects all my bluetooth devices its amazing
It won't connect with the TV
More crapware please!
Cant connect, cant manage
the app is very good but i don't know why this app is not always on the notification bar
Like this app like Samsung
Works well with my TVs.
Really cool how it can estimate the battery life of some Bluetooth devices.
So EZ 2 use
One stop device control
Occasionally fails to load
Not work in this app
Spying and unnecessary applications
A Damn mess
It's great app for all
Leading of innovation & technology think of what users' thinking. Willing to change for the best.
Yes This app is great.
I did not down load this app. and it is a waste of my time
I love being able to swap my media target from a notification.
The smart thing app is very good
It makes connecting my devices so much more easy.
Cool app, my only complaint is that the alerts aren't loud...
Connected my robot vacuum but now the vacuum has a mind of it's own
Good app, easy to use. Like it
I want this removed
Requires access to contacts.
b"I don't even used it ??"
Does do what it should.
Change the app features ad more features please add sony tv and other smart tv's to this app also
The more familiar you make yourself with the app the easier it is to make the best of it
Best app from samsung but it doesnt connect my samsung ac
Add Air Conditioners.
Not ready for prime time. The old classic app was better.
Amazing. Love being able to secure my home without worry.
Can't remove this virus.
I love that its really integrated with my samsung phone!
Very nice app. Works great with my Samsung Smart TV.
Made my life much easier. Really appreciate the app
The app it's very good now after some updates
It is the perfect acistant app
Love it! It is so useful. Great work!
May consider Smart Things.
SmartThings(SamsungConnect)
No option to uninstall
Works very well
Only Mumbai Indians
Not connecting well
Very intuitive and simple to use. Connects fast and effortlessly
Pretty decent app. I use it every now and then.
It's easy to use
I love this app but let me uninstall it.
Great app makes my house easy to manage.
Nice to have incase I lose my remote.
Does not work with my Samsung smart tv
I love the ease of getting to all my apps
Okay!
Works well.
Has potential.
Fantastic app, it gives the best with samsung devices
Please optimise it for Galaxy Tab S series.
wish it had better info for my headphones.
It works quite well , thank you.
Makes unpairing my Bluetooth a cinch! Great!
It's very well made and never crashes
Well. Apps
Don't want
Great app to improve the performance of your handset
Easy to use but less custom settings
No. 1 app
Spyware !
Love the app and my smart tv!
Bloatwear.
Love this for the remote when my children lose it.
It's just great . It gets better everyday...
The application is good,getting simplified
DO. NOT. WANT. THIS.
It sucks
Love the app find it very useful
Just great for my smart tv
Its like i have a smart tv
Thank you samsung always the best
I think
Super app
Worst app
Too slow
Habeys igey
EZ to use
its ok
no 1
Everything spot on
Average application
Excellent app. It consistently works.
Is easy to use & very practical.
Works as it's supposed to no hiccups
Naggy and slow
Problem fixed
Great for when you lose your remote
I love this app easy to use
Connecting is inconvenient
Keeps crashing
Corporate malware
It's a very good product
Good tool for home use.
Love it, thank you SAMSUNG
amazing...does everything you want
Very good app. Love it
To much of the same over and over.
Works great so far.
Very convenient & easy to use.
Thanks a lot for your help
Nice app using it daily
Switches need to respond better
The touch pad is amazing
The best app ever
Its really great app
One of the best apps by Samsung
Handy app to have!
Give me a uninstall or disable feature!!!!!!
Great app. When it works.
Great app. Works great.
Boombastic
Mst
It's excellent!
Love it. Easy and accessible .
Works great!
Bloatware
All perfect!!
Nice app and smart
Its very nice
Works great ty
So easy to contact
I LOVE IT
Easy and fun to use
very good App
Good App loved it
Its good app
COOL SVMSUNG APP
Effective and efficient
Great when it works!!
Do better
Woo hoo.....
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Owesome
buggy
Hh
thanks
b'So convenient ??'
Nah
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Wow
Super
b'Quick and easy??'
Bbbb
b'\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85'
Ok
Works great.
b'Keep it up \xe2\x9c\x8c'
Friendly user
Bloatware
It's good
b'Good & smart ??'
This's great...
b'????'
Useless
b'??'
Awesome !!!
b'??'
Love It
All well
Great App
Its awesome
Great app
Nice apps
awesome application
Good for porn
Super awesome
Its awesome
Nice apps
very good
It is good
Easy to use
So good
Amazing app
Nice app
Nice app
Nice app
Confusing
Sick
garbage
Garbage
Unreliable
Rubbish
b'Amazing ??'
Love it.
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
Amazing
Love it
Great
Perfection
Awesome
Grreat
the best
Nice
Great
Awesome
Love it
cool
Good
Great
Good
Nice
Powerfull
good
Usefull
Good
Nice
Great
Awesome
Great
Great
Cool
Good
Fabulous
Good
Perfect
Nice
Awesome
Good
Good
Good...
Good Good
Wow this update ruined two apps I actually found useful to make one so that is useless. All my original smarththings devices are gone. I use Bluetooth in other places then my home so it doesn't really make logical sense to combine smartthings and samsung connect. Guess I will have to download smartthings classic now? What a pain in the ass.
Something is very much amiss here. I'm a Smartthings "early adopter" and have used it since the first releases. This Samsung app won't launch unless I give it full access to my contacts. No explanation why. Similarly, it wants full access to all my files. Again, no explanation why. This makes no sense. Why does it need all of my contacts? Will that help set my thermostats? I urge caution before granting so much access to this app. Chelsea replied (see below - thank you!) but didn't explain why Samsung needs all of my contacts for the SmartThings app. The app DOES NOT RUN without the permissions granted. I think Samsung needs to explain why these permissions are necessary.
I just switched from the classic app and it does not appear to allow armed home/away or disarm on the dashboard. I need quicker access than having to go to my list of things and use a pull down menu. Quicker access to these options would warrant more starts. I think desktop shortcuts are also needed.
What have you done?! Forced to move to this 'new' app (old app was absolutely fine by the way) but new app won't show any of my devices and has lost all of my settings and automations. Now have couple hundred quid of useless kit. Awful. No respect for the customer FIX IT NOW
Another invasive bloatware programme from Samsung. Not requested and not wanted, stop taking liberty's without people's permission. When will you listen to the complaints and realise, when it gets to the levels of PPI? Just because it's an app doesn't mean it's not miss sold in the words of a wise man. Check yourself before you wreck yourself Samsung.
Note 8 user. You would think a Samsung developed app that is integrated into the OS, would work seamlessly. Since the update, it shows my Smartthings Hub as an Unknown Device. As a result, all 13 of my sensors, my outlets, my dimmers, all of my bulbs, and Harmony hub, show as disconnected. The original smartthings app, now called Smartthings Classic, works flawlessly. I even performed a reset of the hub and spent a few hours setting everything back up, individually linking all sensors, outlets, switches, hubs, etc. Still shows hub as unknown in this app, but no issues in Smartthings Classic. I have spent close to 4 hours, getting everything back up and running, and setting up all scenes, automation, and notifications again. Pull it, or fix it. Ridiculous.
Smart switch was easier. I work 3rd shift. So when I'm awake everyone else is asleep. Smart switch was easy for TV watching ( backstory: I watch TV in my living room at 2am. I use headphones plugged into my phone and play the TV sound through my phone) very quick to switch. Just swipe down pick your TV and listen to TV on phone. Now its clunky at best. I have to turn on smart switch every time. My phone connects then mirrors to my TV . Exit out of all of that. Then select TV through phone.
Great idea in concept, however I have had a new washing machine delivered add it to my profile, everything is ok add the wife's phone to the account now neither phone will connect to the washing machine it is so frustrating. Nowhere to trouble shoot the issue either. Waste of time and effort.
I love Samsung Smart Things. I love Samsung Period. My one and only Complaint is Samsung doesn't have a gaming console. Samsung has everything else electronically speaking literally everything else except gaming console. Samsung; just complete the electronic world domination and make a gaming console. I truly believe Samsung would blow out the competition hands down. Like Samsung already beats the competition with the tip of their pinky. Stop playing with these other companies Samsung, just destroy them with the Samsung Dimension V1!(Copyright Pending Lol)
This app collects a lot of private data. How do you get your data deleted or removed from Samsung? Update: Ellen. Thank you for the response but you did not answer my question. How do I have my data (such as contacts) removed from Samsung's systems?
Warning. Do not install. This app is a smoldering dumpster fire that basically requires you to give over ownership of your phone, your contacts, and your files. It's basically spyware and it should be removed by Google from the Play Store. Edit: The samsung response is complete BS. They don't need access to my doctors home address and phone number to make turning lights off functional. They don't need access to my personal files. This is just a giant data grab.
Have just spoken to Samsung support who advise that my Sony phone is not compatible with my washer. Only works with Samsung and apple devices. I was advised to get another phone and try it.... I have 1 phone running android 8.0. Was told it would never work. Why would you have an app that only works for two manufacturers of phones
Update: Samsung seems to have fixed the connection issues. However, I was really hoping they'd add more programming options for my Powerbot. Ie, set up a weekly automated schedule instead of just daily or once. Back to 3 stars. It still needs a lot of refinement. Update: The March 2018 update has rendered this app useless for me. I'm unable to connect or reconnect my Powerbot since updating to "Smart Things". Pretty disappointed, Samsung. Decent app and pretty stable. Took me a while to figure out I had to disconnect my phone from my wifi to connect to a device but connection has been stable since. This app has a lot of potential, but it's functions are still pretty basic. I'm hoping for more customization and control options for my Powerbot R7070. I look forward to what it'll be capable of in the future.
b'I really love the idea of "this app" whatever Samsung are calling now...why keep changing the name of your services and apps Samsung? The name changing thing seems to be a very Samcentric thing! That apart, it won\'t allow my Samsung Galaxy S8+ to "connect" (the apps previous name) to my 2016 Samsung UHD Smart T.V, my app just won\'t pick up the Bluetooth from my T.V, it\'s so frustrating to have Two such expensive pieces of equipment from the Same company and not ages old that won\'t work with this app. Please sort it out Samsung!!??? Please.. ????'
For some reason, my original smart connect just disappeared a few days ago without warning and now I cannot login as I get redirected to a website staying that it is not supported by certain browsers even though I have switched to Samsung internet. So my house is now not secure as I will never know because I cannot get this out the new smart connect to work. Explain please.
Initially looked like I had to have Samsung internet as default browser, but turned out it just doesn't work with chrome beta. It's still missing most smartthings functionality, so kind of hard to evaluate at this stage. Not sure why they're recommending new users to start with this app.
I used this app on my galaxy s7 and samsung 5 series tv. Worked totally fine and couldn't fault it. But i now have the galaxy s9 and same tv. The app told me to update the tv remote which I did. Now its doesnt work. I can still screen mirror but when I use the phone as a remote it says the tv is switchged off. Which it isn't. Why say it needs updating and then break it. If it ain't broke don't try to fix it. Bad times
I'm sure it'd be a lot different if at least 60% of my devices were compatible with it but instead all of my smart devices weren't on any of their compatibility list, not to mention that I actually had to use an older version of the SmartThings app because this app itself is not compatible with my brand new Asus tablet or my brand new Samsung tablet. Not really all that impressed at the product itself, I ended sending them back for a full refund.
The latest update is rubbish! The connection keeps on breaking. I struggle to play videos and movies on my tv ever since the update, and the screen saver that comes on? Waste of time as it stops the video from playing. Fix it up Samsung or go back to previous update - it was much better.
Ever since this update, some of my plugs go offline. I can open up the classic app and the web API and they show connected. Samsung, get this fixed or I'll get rid of my Smartthings hub!
The new app and integration with my devices inconsistently works, crashes multiple times daily when opened and has needed reinstalling for login failures. This new version also removed the desktop gadgets that we're great for quick access. This app is an all around disappointment and ruins access to my home automation. Two stars is a gift.
With the old Samsung connect I was always able to watch Netflix on my tv. Now anytime I try to connect, something errors and I get kicked out almost instantly. I have the app basically disabled because you want access to contacts location and storage. You don't need that info. Take it off mandatory permissions and then I'll contact you privately
Works for connecting to my tv fine but extremely inconsistent when connecting to my Samsung hub and trying to add new devices. Constantly get error messages even though after I have cleared the error it has added the device. Would never use this for a security feature of the house, like locks or using it as my only security system. The only feature of this that works properly for me is the SmartView.
I use quick connect to transfer pictures from my phone to my tablet and now with update I just cant figure it out. It shows other devises but not my samsung tablet. I hate that i spent an hour figuring out and no luck. Its frustrating.
Seldom one to review, this is the only app I have of hundreds that crash... and crash multiple times throughout the day while never opening the application. Whatever it is doing in the background is needing a major fix. Please provide a work around in the mean time for me to stop this. S8+ vzw stock new nougat. Prior to the force rebrand push there was no issue with Connect.
The end of personal privacy. This app essentially collects everything about you; everything you do; everything you say; everything you watch; everywhere you go, all your contacts and all your data and sells it to anyone. As noted by the developer, the user is free to enable or disable any specific privilege. When I tried to disable anything, the app would not run, so from my experience it's all-or-nothing. Samsung and Smartthings only need look at Experian or Facebook and see what it will cost them in dollars and customers when a system is hacked and all this information is sold.
Migrating to this new app is a disaster. My things are it off sync, connected apps like Arlo and Google home are handled completely different. Now this so and the old so have entirely different lists of connected things. Terrible idea to try to switch apps.
I use smart things classic. I was going to try this new version but it won't start unless I give it access to my contacts. Why does smart home control need access to my contacts? So you can sell information like Facebook? No, 1 star until fixed. Update to address Matthew's comments: You do not need access to contacts to save login information. I have written small Android apps for myself that saved that information and did not need to have the contact permission. The original Smartthings app uses the built-in account storage that Android provides. I cannot provide feedback because I cannot launch the app. It closes because I refuse to give you permission to see my contacts. There is absolutely no reason for you to need that for me to turn on and off my lights, or arm/disarm my alarm system.
Why is Samsung forcing apps on its customers that they don't want? Samsung Health, Smart Thing? And WHY MUST Samsung have access to our Photos and Contacts? Why not sort out the problem with selling RETURNED, REPAIRED, RESEALED, RESOLD (as new products). Samsung staff can't settle on any acceptable answer on the reason Samsung Hardwear is being sold with Double Sealed Stickers. So why should the customers trust Samsung with their contacts and photos? Why does Samsung want with our Contacts and Photos?
Bought a brand new Samsung TV, and audio system three days ago. Tried the ap, and it won't even connect. Says to reset the TV and loose everything I've entered to connect. While the sound system connected, I cannot do anything. All options are unaccessible. Complete waste of my time so far. What is this app supposed to be able to do anyway?
I just got started with Smartthings and this app was pre-installed on my phone. I got my devices set up easily enough, then discovered how lacking the automation is. Triggering a series of events is a nightmare, any logic is single step. I used to program automation programs back when they were new and it was easier than that, there's not even an effective way to organize what you manage to get in there. That's not automation. Then I discovered there's the classic app. And it is amazing, why on earth would I want to use an app that feels only 10% finished? Just to find out that there's already an app that works great AND does what I want in a way that makes sense.
New icon is just ugly. Now the problems... 1. Routines from the old app aren't migrated. 2. Smart home monitor not migrated. 3. Add new device shows all your hubs and not just the home you've selected. I do not need or want all my hubs scanning when I know which home I'm working with. 4. Quick access to setting home, away, night is no longer available. You have to go to the devices list and hope you don't overlook the thin line showing status. No apparent way to add a new mode. 5. Automations bundles routines and smartapps all as one. Would be nice to know which can be manually executed and which is a smart app. 6. Can't run routines manually. The Good... 1. The mode is easier to change than the old app. 2. The dashboard looks like it may be more useful. And will allow mix and match of homes/hubs 3. Slightly easier to navigate. Slightly. 4. Automations bundles routines and smartapps all as one. I think I'll stick with Coca Cola Classic.
Mostly the app works well, however I linked smartthings with my Arlo system and at first everything was great. Then after about 2 weeks of use, smartthings seems to be resetting all of my Arlo camera rules to "do nothing" and send notifications. This renders my security cameras mostly useless. Someone fix this, please.
Not happy, didn't work particularly well, additionally the update required me to give the app access to almost everything that happens on my phone. All activity, purchases, locations, calls, photos, messages, everything, why?? I uninstalled instantly at this point. Very disappointed.
This thing sucks! My Samsung GS8 phone cannot stay connected to my Samsung TV more than 30 seconds. I know wifi is fine because my router is streaming to my TV and it works great. Ugh
It's not hard to understand. I resent samsung adding permissions to a program for which I have no use.. Ask if you wish to install something. Don't stick it in quietly with an update.
Nice ideas.Terrible execution. Had a very hard time setting up my Connect Home Pro. After hours of resetting and many iterations with different phones, I finally got it working. Seems it was poorly tested. Also, why have two different Smart Things applications? I tried setting my Philips Hue system, never got it to work with any of the apps. Terrible integration.
This app is absolutely horrible. It wont let me register more than one phone to use with my Samsung smart tv and it has to load every time for 2 minutes. This is such an inconvience. If i could rate it 0 stars and bring back the old app which worked flawlessly, I would....so much for being smart.
When this app fist came out the connection between my s7 edge and sam T.V. was great. Now they barley communicate with each other after updates. You fubar it. It no longer turns on T.V. it narely connects when on. Very unstable.
Samsung, this is the third app you've released that should connect to my washer, dryer, and refrigerator. None of them worked. Your apps are quirky, slow, unreliable, and just frustrating. Love your appliances. Your software is lousy. Update on 3/20 to Ellen: 1) I tried. I typed up a reply by using the app's help and clicked submit. The app just spins a set of tiny dots. Submit doesn't work. I'll reply here. 2) I'm not keen on spending time in documenting my trouble. In October, I submitted a review similar to this one about your earlier app, Smart Home. Had same trouble. Connections were hard to make and hard to keep working. Samsung asked, like you did, for details. I spent a lot of time testing and documenting my problems, emailed them as requested, and I *never* heard anything back. It was a waste of my time. Don't feel like going through that again.
Samsung took a working App (classic) and Migrated to a useless app. Leaving my Smart things Hub and connected devices useless. Going back to (non-Samsung) dumb switches.
Crashes constantly. How does a Samsung app not work correctly on a Samsung phone? I had to remove my Samsung account and readd it then try at least 5 times to connect to a new Samsung smart home device. Unacceptable
Dear Samsung, This software is useless. Please explain to me, why you find it your business to force install your software on my phone. When I dish out $800 on a piece of equipment, one that I'm quite familiar with, since I've been using mobile phones for more than 20 years. If I want your software, than I'll install it when I need it not when you think I need it!! If you want to continue to maintain your dominance in this space, you need to listen to the people who are driving your revenue. Please stop telling us what we need, this isn't the 80's. I do understand the need for certain base system applications to be installed in order to maintain consistently and a stable operating system. However, I want, no I demand the ability to uninstall useless software such as this application, from my phone, not yours!
Still has no integration with SmartThing login even though they're forcing this app on me and labeling the original SmartThings app as "classic". How can you retire the old app without properly integrating the accounts first?
App no longer lets you know what channel my TV is on. Only buttons that work on it are the volume and off buttons. Nothing else works. The channel buttons do not work neither does the number buttons.
Terrible app. Couldn't even log into it. Entered my password and just got taken back to the login screen every time. No error message or anything, it just doesn't work.
Since the update it has issues connecting with uconnect in my car.. didn't have issues before. Now it seems like it connects maybe half the time if I'm lucky. Otherwise spend time unpairing/pairing.. ridiculous
Disappointing as of 2018MAR27, it appears my automations are running without appearing in the new application. My old smart home monitor has been tripping for the last 3 days without a way to disable it. My phone was added to another location without a clear means to correct it.
The app WILL NOT WORK AT ALL without being given access to my contacts and files... this is completely unnecessary. And with all the privacy infringement coverage all over the media, this seems like an incredibly poor decision on Samsung's part.
Unremoveable bloatware, if I had any of the devices that this can control I would install an app for it myself. This is the last Samsung device I will buy, the hardware is nice but the software is really bad.
Would be nice to have Bixby to intergrate better. I can't get it to turn off a room even though I have my rooms set up. It apparently can't understand what I ask. But she understood when I asked for a specific light in that room
Came preinstalled on my S8. I'm not interested in the app and don't have any supported devices, yet I'm not allowed to uninstall. At least give me the option to disable it.
I don't have any samsung smart things nor do I plan to get any. I need to be able to delete this. It's just wrong that I don't own the phone I bought and can't delete apps I don't need. I'll never get another Samsung again.
Purchased a starter kit, app loads on mine and my wife's Android but can't find the Hub. Manual addition doesn't get passed Loading. For a new comer the app choice allowed didn't make sense. Hate the product already. If I use the classic app it tells me wrong username or password therefore can't use this new toy. Will I ever be able to? Update: The classic app is now working after creating a new account using my actual active account! Can add things to the hub but can't get smart apps nor create rooms or do much of what I purchased the kit to be for. Can't link it to my Hue lighting for example. It is just broken
Too many unneeded permissions. Should not need and I will not provide access to my contacts and location. App can function without them, but Samsung tries to blackmail its customers in providing those permissions and the App won't open. So not using app!
Does not give me full access to my series 6 smart TV. I can only mirror my screen and on occasion I have the option to view the tv on my device. On my older smart TV I have access to a remote control and can make actions. Incredibly frustrating. Please fix this.
Why does the app need access to all my contacts?!?! The app will not work without that permission given which means that if I want to keep using my previously purchased devices that are connected to my Samsung Smart Hub I have to accede permissions to all my contacts. This app also deletes all your prior automations. I'm sticking with the original SmartThings Classic app.
Can someone please explain why this is on my phone and I can't delete it? I don't have any Samsung smart devices in home to control. I only have my s7 phone and a really old Samsung a.c. that doesn't have Bluetooth. None of my tv's or electronics are Samsung. Is there another use for this app? All I'm seeing is it's like a remote through your phone to connect with Samsung devices. Way to many apps forces by Samsung , Carriers and Android. I have over 10gb just in system apps I cannot uninstall. NFL mobile?? Will never use. There are some good apps developed and useful for certain people or situations but can we get those as a choice and not forced to have them on our storage? I have always had Samsung since early 200's after the classic Nokia's. But shopping for a new phone and am looking into other than Samsung for the first time in a long time.
***Update - Called support and they got it working. Still not sure what the issue was, but the support I received was professional, friendly, genuinely helpful, and fast. Based on the support, would have been five stars, but I feel like I have to take one star off for needing to contact them in the first place. ***Orig comment:This is a massive waste of money. App doesn't recognize hub. Hub doesn't recognize device. Directions reference options that don't exist in the app.
Hi Samsung, Your reasoning for requiring access to contacts doesn't make any sense. I don't know how else to feed it back to you, but all I need is smartthings, and you only need to ask for the permission when a feature requires it, not at startup (so this sending files thing shouldn't affect me). If this ends up being the only option to manage the smartthings hub, I'll happily dump it and switch automation platforms. Regards.
Can't get the address of my arlo cameras. One sound bar can be registered the other cannot. It connected to my TVs now they are not in the list... Its a nightmare app for me and its tje only apo I can't seem to uninstall it. Hate it!
A great tool for on the go. But when it comes to reverting back to the phone audio it lags for a few minutes. Then it see's that there's no device. Or it doesn't detect it at all and I have to set to the phone's audio manually.
Pretty buggy in my experience. Sometimes my scenes will disappear. Sometimes it will tell me my lights are no longer connected but I can still turn them on and off, just can't control brightness level. Can't delete scenes and crashes often.
This app asks for permissions it does not need and then refuses to open if it doesn't get them. That's just bad design. Unusable for anyone who cares about privacy and security.
Performs actions on it's own. Especially after I reverse the action it just performed. It decides to re do the action. Worthless garbage
Demands access to pictures, contacts, microphone, which is definitely to much for an app fto controlling my vacuum cleaner. Comments from Support that you can just not give permission are not helpfull, since the app is not starting without them. Still demands full access, thanks for nothing.
This is very bad application .because i will not connect led tv with smart thing . Why another brand tv not connect with smart connect. Please give me reply for this question. ( SAMSUNG ELECTRONIC CO. LTD. )
Does not find anything in my house even will full access. So after responce it will only work with Samsung's Entertainment devices. So useless
I have been hacked by this app and many of samsung and samsung galaxy apps. How do I stop this? The permissions say I will still get hacked no matter if I change my passwords. I am so frustrated and angry and violated! I just want to throw my phone!! away! HELP ME PLEASE
I cannot get my Samsung Powerbot r7090 to connect to the app. I'm also using an S7 edge so it's end to end Samsung devices and apps yet they can't get them to work correctly with each other.
Samsung why are you not working on better software. Still not good on smart phones. Samsung is going downhill . Can't delete it, but I delete account, it is only for samsung info build up. They wanna now to much of you. and it's not working. To many permissions, nice try.
Usless app. I refuse to use it since it wants access to my contacts, location, and have the ability to spy on me. I do not want 3rd party organizations to have access to my phone.
Requires access to too many permissions. The old smartthings app doesn't require any permissions to run, but this one needs access to my storage, contacts, microphone, and location in order to run. If you deny any one of those permissions, the app won't run. I'll be sticking with the old app until this is fixed.
Round 2 review...had to reset hub 2x. As mentioned before, lost all zwave which required excluding and reconnecting many devices (door sensors, motion, switches, outlets, garage door, locks, etc.). Got all of that done only to find I cannot get ST to talk with alexa anymore. No matter what I do. Uninstall, reinstall, disable, enable with no luck. Wasted time and much frustration. Not to mention reestablishing scenes and automations out the wazoo. To boot, I now have 2 ST apps sending me notifications even though I have uninstalled the new app.
Samsung, you approach this update/app as though we all should be happy and sit around waiting to completely reset all of our settings. I had taken all of my Iris equipment back to Lowe's because they tried to do the same thing... Sell me one thing and do an update which INSISTS on getting another! Stop the bait-and-switch please. Make an update an update. If it is a new app, market as such and let me decide if it is worthy. Now, what am I to do with all of these disconnected devices in my home? Lastly... don't force me to sign in to a Samsung account to use my stuff! Frankly, I don't want Samsung to know about everything in my house! Fix it!
I don't like it why force an app on us when smart connect worked fine ? Especially when it doesn't work properly, I can't even find the app on my phone, I had to replace smart connect with it. After finally being able to pair my device I go through the headache of trying to connect it, my device is on, my Bluetooth is turned on, the music is playing, the $#&* thing is paired and still it it won't connect without tapping 4 or 5 times . Please fix it or get it off my phone
If this is the new SmartThings app (replacing what is now "Smart Things Classic, which was great), it is absolutely horrible. This" new" app is so clunky, the different screens are not intuitive, it's clunky and hard to find or add devices, automation is a joke, and it's missing the great default automations from the original app ("I'm Home", "Goodnight", etc). Just scrap this app... It's a waste of space. I'm still using the original as long as I can!
This app states it is not optimised for my device and yet it has been forced onto it by Samsung without any option to disable it. I've already changed phone to move away from Samsung because of bloatware and I'm now considering changing tablet.
Used to work. Since new router installed the app/ washing machine no longer connect. Samsung support unable to help
Forced. Intrusive. Do not want it. Plan my next phone has no forced apps. Plan to boycott android and ensure I reach largest audience possible with my negative experience. You suck
A lot of errors with my samsung smart tv, the remote sometimes is working and some times not, and i cannot use bixby as well because of this. Update : thanks for answering, somehow i fixed the issue. One question more and is about my smart tv, every time when I turn on the tv by phone, after is turning on, the tv keeps asking me to allow my device to pair with the tv, it is any settings in in tv to memorize my phone, because when is asking me i need to use the tv remote to press ok, and i would like to have full access with my phone without touching the tv remote.
b"I THINK it looks pretty neato.....but it's an absolute waste of time for me to deal with updating an app I have NEVER used. the only smart technology in our home is our phones..and A Nook ??"
How do I migrate my smartthings without having to start from scratch? Edit* Changed rating due to swift dev response to concerns. I hope it's worth the wait Chelsea...
Too many permissions Despite some responses to other reviews that suggest it will work but some features will be disabled the App won't launch unless you give it a ridiculous number of permissions it shouldn't need to work. About time big corporations woke up to privacy concerns of their customers.
Half my devices not working. Logitech harmony. Samsung cameras and hue lights all needed to be set up again over 60 devices and all my scenes and automatons will take me over a week to fix.....
I don't want it and it's not listed in Apps so that I can stop seeing it in Updates. & Thank you, Tony; I hope we will have a choice about it soon.
Loved it, but now I can't install the latest update. Get error code 944. Fix it, let me update. Then you'll get your 5 stars.
Reported to Play Store as unable to disable. App keeps resetting itself to gain contacts access. Avoid! Suggest you report if you have the same issue (please).
I'm still upset with the rocky transition from the other app. It wasn't perfect but I had become very accustomed to it. I hope you are dedicated to making this app the best it can be.
I lags a bit and sometimes doesnt recognizes what my devices are doing so waiting is a pain. At this point it would be easier to look for the remote and use that.
Use to be amazing but now the connection isn't as good and doesn't let you use other software at the same time as easily. Also it fails alot half way through videos so not impressed.
Hoping to get fully off of the Smarthings classic app. I have uninstalled it, but still seeing automatons that I removed from the app, before uninstalling. Hoeing to figure this out.
Honeywell total connect used to work great, but now I cant control any aspect of my thermostat. I believe I fell victim to a bad update.
This app I never even wanted keeps crashing in the background and its bloatware I can't even uninstall. If you're going to force it on your user base, at least make sure it works. Don't tell me I can roll it back. Tell me how to uninstall it.
I didn't install this. Therefore it is bloatware. Let us uninstall, I don't own a Samsung TV or controllable device!
Samsung tech support for this app and system more than compensates for the weakness in the app, but one cannot even identify the weakness accurately because they are regularly improving everything! Good choice!
This isn't going to support Amazon or Google assistants. That means no voice control over scenes created in smartthings. Already the are a lot of devices that aren't supported like logitech harmony hub. Like so many others, it's time to drop samsung and move on to something that actually works. It wouldn't be false advertising if you changed your name to samsung "dumbthings" Edit: After response from developer - Go to help>faq and it specifically states that it won't support voice assistants unless you migrate over from smartthings classic. This means all new users or people who reset their system and start fresh lose voice functionality - according to your very own faq page in the app you created.
I've had a lot of headache trying to get this "Smart" system working. It's taken 4 weeks of "tech" support, factory resetting my devices and endless amounts of reinstalling the app to finally get it working. A very flakey system at best but one can only hope that it gets better. A part of me does currently regret buying the SmartThings hub.
New version of app is asking for too many permissions. And if access will be denied for location or something else app will just quit. Oh, and it's impossible to roll back update of this app.
App signs out and brings up sign in page regardless of what you are doing. Very frustrating.
Use to be smart connect, it would control my 75" Samsung 4k hdr tv, my samsung uhd 9500 bluray and my home theatre system...updated and all my connections removed. Tried to re add but it doesn't find my devices. Weirdly detects devices not even in my home. Thanks.
If I deny recording audio and reading contacts permission the app is completely none functional. What a joke. I wish Smartthings didn't sell out to Samsung.
b"Since it updated from Samsung Connect to Smarter things it only picks up one of 3 Tv's in the house, the most recent one I brought in Dec 2017. So now uninstalled ????"
This is REALLY F..... Up by Samsung. They are taking ALL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, just to control your refrigerator! And, then they just LIE OUTRIGHT to everyone; stating that they are listening to everyone's complaints and protestes. What B.S.!!!
Just got ST hub and installing this app is not a good start. It requires a Samsung explorer to even sign in. Ok I get that my browser may not be compatible, but the funny thing is even after I installed samsungs own explorer and set it as default, it opens up in its own browser telling me its not compatible... I had to uninstall and reinstall, worked fine but when I signed out and needed to sign in again the same happened... I just had to uninstall the freshed installed samsung explorer and reinstall again... Really?? And where is the marketplace in the new app? How do I get webCoRE?
I have no need for this app, but Samsung doesn't let me uninstall, or even disable it. And if that wasn't bad enough, it asks for WAY too many permissions - Identity, Camera, Microphone, Contacts, Location, Files / Photos to name a few. And with this update it now wants access to Device and App history? Why!?
Breaks access to one my switches. The switch works just fine in the older version.
Crashes before I can even log in. "Classic" app works fine. Can't submit logs since the app crashes immediately
I do not need this app at all and there is no unninstall option... P.s. I will raise my rating a bit...but you must realize that most of us do not have dozen of devices so we do not need this app at all. Most people buy flagship phones for gaming and 85% of pre-installed apps are never in use. I do not need: edge/aod, connect/pay/auto-fill/voice assistants, chat/health/stories/products search/qr scanners and many others... I will soon be forced to root in order to clean my brand new s8+ from all unnecessary apps esp after oreo will implement more "features"... You need to provide us with unninstall options if you want better rating.
Constantly losing the bluetooth connection with the car (which I have to re-establish manually) making it dangerous now and starts a spotify song for about 9 seconds then stops it. Rubbish
I knew this was not ready to have a clean migration from the old app but I decided to pull the bandaid and do it the hard way. I got every this in as smoothly as you could hope. New app is not as functional. For example, I cannot set my security monitoring based on arrival our departure. It is only based on time. Hope they catch up the features quickly or I'll roll back to the classic. The new interface has promise but there is still some development required.
Maybe it's because I haven't given the new app enough of a chance yet, but I like the old smart things app much better. Not bad, just not good either.
The app won't let me accept the terms and conditions, so it is utterly useless. Why'd they have you go ruin a good thing?
Samsung why didn't you wait until the app was finished and ready to migrate users over to it? It was confusing. Hurry up and fix this mess.
Calling this a replacement for the old Smartthings app and inviting me to migrate is bull****! The app does not recognize half of my virtual switches, there are NO SmartApps and it crashes when trying to hit the 3dot button. I can't even imagine why Samsung would have done this.
Bluetooth audio out-of-sync while using smartview. Playback video via laser projector (Miracast) Playback audio via Bluetooth speaker completely worst experience. Audio out of sync
Bugs. Doesn't recognize all devices or fails to communicate with previously-added ones. Samsung can certainly do a better job or patch it up to improve performance
I didn't wait for the old app to tell me it was "ready" to move, so I had to remove all devices and deregister my hub, then re-add everything. I also had to disconnect and reconnect ITTT and Google Home. Once all of that is done however, I find this new app to be more user friendly and better looking than the old one. That means my wife likes it, and in the end that's what really matters... Everything that used to work still seems to work for me!
This app had no right to be installed on my phone and I don't know how to get rid of it so take it OFF to whoever put it on my phone!
Doesn't work. Won't connect to anything. Can't even use the classic app as it keeps logging me out. Unable to set my alarms. Feel like I've just wasted all my money
Always crashes even when I'm not on the app, slows down my phone. Rubbish.
I don't want the app. Samsung does not allow me to remove this app. Samsung is now adding back all the bloatware like the old S5 days. It forgot how much users resented all the rubbish app
Does not work in tab A 2017 also smasung smart view can turn the tv on but smart things cant. Good works samsung very glitchy app.
It's a joke, also turns on wifi like it should but I can't get anything to really work, always locks up. If I shut off the wifi, it kicks me back to the main screen then I can do some things but other things still lock up. Not happy with it, been using Samsung smart home with really no issues but bought the smartthings, so had to switch app, and to be honest I don't think the smartthings is gonna even come close to replacing the vera. But since this app won't work and you can't do anything web based, I'm about to return the stupid thing and give up.
I am not longer able to control my thermostat which i was controlling for last 2 years. App is the problem as i can use the classic app on my tablet to control it but not the new app.
Works badly. Not obvious what's happening. do proper testing before release!
It's great but everytime I screen mirror a downloaded video (workout) it times out with an error message that says "something went wrong try again later" at 30 minutes and you can't pick back up where you left off. Super frustrating!
I have no need for this app, and would love to see Samsung change the way they do business. I would love to have the option to keep, or delete apps that come with our phones. I know technology has made most a bunch of lazy vegetables, but come on, a remote control to control a washing machine? You've got to be joking right? Does the remote control sort our washing into colours, and delicates? Does the remote control put the washing in the machine? So why do we need to have a remote control for such things? Istill remember the days when the TV remote control was throwing a thong (Aussie for flip flop. We call the American thong a G String) at one of the kids and telling them to change channel to one of the 4 channels we had back then. Now we have remote controls for everything, and we're getting lazier and lazier. We're getting fatter now too. I remember Christmas day seeing all the kids playing outside with their new bikes, skateboards, and the rest. Now I occasionally see a fat lazy kid every now and then. I'm sick of being forced to have useless laziness apps forced upon me, and I'm not able to remove these apps, even when the phone's storage is so full that it slows down. I'm sick of having to block these apps from sending my private information to people so they can make money, and give others access to stuff that would result in me being convicted and sent to jail if I were to do the same thing. I would be called a hacker, and the app would be considered malware. If I wanted an app to control my life, I would get a BlackBerry. They are the only phones I trust, and I don't mean the Android BlackBerrys. I can understand why people root their phones, and to top it off, one of your new apps that replace an app that did the same, but had a name change is in Italian, and I not only can't communicate that the stupid app is in Italian because everything is in Italian, and the replies are in Italian, yes, even after I tell them that I don't speak Italian, and I'm located in Australia, and I only speak English, but when I finally get someone to translate the reply, it says that nothing can be done about it. Please update this app, and make it optional. Give me the ability to uninstall this app, and while you're at it, do the same thing for all the Samsung apps. Most of the apps that come with the phone aren't needed by many, and for those like myself, I would never have any use for them, let alone actually use them.
The settings are terrible. Can't change much at all basically just there to monitor things.
Samsung needs access to your phone's contact list in order to run this app. This should not be needed even remotely for the app to run, this is a security risk and I'll be leaving the Samsung smart home family unless this changes VERY soon.
I dont understand why it has to be on my phone. I do not have items in my house that are smart home. I'm poor barely able to have the phone as is. Stop with The unnecessary apps
Well Samsung's history of poor programming ability is starting to repeat itself, old app works half the time now even tho I have not been moved over yet, this new app is just awefull it really Is, the layout is bad the way of setting up looks bad and the big horrible mess of the device list is unforgivable. I now have nothing but problems trying to use this connect app (original name). With my zigbee issues and now this have decided to return all my smartthings products
I can't update the app, it keeps saying to update but when I press "update" button it doesn't do anything at all [EDIT]: Somehow I managed to finally update this app, now it works without any notifications about update
Requested too many permissions. Cant uninstall. Cant disable. Stuck with bloatware. This will be my last Samsung phone.
I am fotced to allow this useless app to access PRIVATE INFORMATION AND DATS. I AM NOT HAPPY AND I DISAPPROVE.
Now Samsung is in the game of full screen video ads when I unlock my phone? I do not like nor desire any platform of "smart" garbage. It's just a giant Spyware network and security nightmare. The app can't be uninstalled and companies wonder why people seek root.
Easy to install new devices and keeps them remembered for future uses. Easy to use and easy to connect. I love it more than the way I used my Bluetooth before.
My wsher started to send messages to this app but that's it, I cannot see any setting or control it
The app just doesn't work with Tv's. Which is one of the purposes I presume 95% of people have it . My app gets to 34% connectivity then just fails to connect when I want to use my phone as a remote . Yet the other features still work. Mirror screen etc
Screen mirroring stopped working as soon the the app changed from Samsung Connect to SmartThings. This update made the app useless to me.
It wont connect to my TV but when it is connected it works really good it's like gambling when I use this app I win sometimes by it working and I lose because it doesn't work but if I could get of any hints on how to make it work better it'll keep me from not using this app any longer
Well, it used to mostly work...but now when I access my apartment thermostat, it shows only the current status and does not let me change anything. It went from working with 60% of features 90% of the time to a flat 0% across the board. Thanks, Samsung!
I don't need this app nor do I want it. I want it off my phone. It's the worst app I've had. Get. Rid. Of. It!
Great app if you are interested in the Samsung ecosystem. I love that I can watch the from my phone or have just the TV sound go to my phone or use my phone as the remote set reminders on the fridge or see what's in my fridge when I'm shopping. If you are big into Samsung this is super useful if not it may be something wanting
It's a step back from prior version. Many of my devices are missing. Email to Support went unanswered. It doesn't even recognize it's own hub.
Was ging to set it up, but it asked for my permission to access to files, pictures, contacts,etc. Any app that asks this i delete. Reminds me of Facebook and messenger. Deleted those. Change or I wont reinstall.
Samsung now thinks hiring people to write a name in their response to reviews makes them sound more personal. Meanwhile they force access to all your data or the app immediately closes. What name will be in the response to this review? Ellen, Chelsea? My bets on Ellen.
Won't connect to my cars Bluetooth. Worked great before thus replaced quick connect. Brutal
The app is spotty and has major delays when trying to turn on lights. The panel drives me nuts as it always reverts to show all devices even though I disable items like motion or the hue bridge.
I upgraded to Smart things and now it won't acknowledge my MicrosoftDisplay port. My MicrosoftDisplay port works just fine on my tablet with Miracast
It wont delete off my phone I'm getting pissed its stupid with its pop ups
Bloatware for those without connect devices. But even if I had any compatible device, this has unacceptable permissions and spies on my contacts/identity/pictures/microphone... Please use Android Intents. (Support answer makes no sense)
App crashes often, will not retain dashboard settings, erases devices that have been placed there, really starting to see why Samsung moved this to a different division for further development mid-rollout, sad for those of us who have invested time and money.
I don't have any devices that work with this so don't want it on my phone. Cannot uninstall or disable this app.
I am no longer able to play/view content on my Sony KDL-48R510C tv after the latest update. It only gives me the option to mirror my screen. Please fix this problem
Bought the smartthings hub yesterday but as yet been unable to set it up or use it, as the app is not working (per smartthings status). Currently a complete waste of money on the hub and the other items we were hoping to use with the hub. Not impressed!
I got this app so i could watch my movie from my phone to my smart tv..well i download it and its not even compatible with my hisense smart tv..i will be deleting it
b'Your app freezes every time I try to connect to brand new 850 and 800 series 4k Samsung tv. This happens on all my devices and associates devices with Samsung connect??'
Why has this rubbish app been forced on my phone. It replaces a working Bluetooth pairing programme with a non working one. Congrats Samsung, my next phone will not be one of yours
I do not understand how it works from the app itself. It did not see ring doorbell, hue lights. It seems way too complicated. It makes no sense upon start as a first time user.
Very buggy, hijacks my Bluetooth, and does not work half the time. So, I end up having to check all my connections everywhere in order to make sure that it is just the app.
Forced preinstalled no matter if the app is useful it will always get 1 star.
The app should not need to access contacts in order to function. It is not usable until access to contacts is optional.
Doesn't work with Google Home, Alex, or Cortana. Dropped support for Wemo switches (and probably others). Can't disable or uninstall so I uninstalled updates and revoked all permissions. Don't use this one, stick with SmartThings Classic.
Samsung really need to sort out the SST apps out. Recently migrated from the Classic app over to this Connect app. It didn't work and now I can't use my entire SST set up at home. The connect app also doesn't seem to have automated shortcuts like "goodnight" etc that the classic app did.
Shocking this or the old app the whole eco system just does not work servers always down an I've only had it 2 week. Not impressed at all.
I don't use It. Since it updated without my permission it turns on my blue tooth all the time. I've changed settings to block it from everything and used force stoo
Both SmartThings apps are poor. Had to install the new app as the old one keeps logging out and then refusing to let me log back in. Similar issues with the new one compounded by the fact that it won't let me connect to half my devices. I can check the SmartThings website and see they are all reporting so why not through the app.
i am unable to even sign-in. when you select the sign-in option, it takes you to a internal browser window that says that you have to have a certain browser installed (i have the latest version of chrome). i select the three dots and select open in chrome and then i receive a 404 error. if this is the new smartthings app..wow..this is just terrible!
When clicking the option to read the Privacy on my Note 8, an error reads "This XML file does not appear to have any style information associated with it...."
Wondering who collects more personal information about it's users and sells it to the highest bidder you or Facebook... Read the TOS.
No. You don't need Access to my contacts to turn my lightbulbs on, and I am forced to give you access even only to launch the app. Screw you.
Constantly get stickers added to gallery and backed up why never saved or wanted dam stickers either place probably let hacker on page thru here
Doesn't work week with smart things apps yet. Still need the smartthings app to access all the functionality of some of my devices.
Why can I not remove this app, it serves no purpose for me and only takes up space on my phone.
I have a Samsung smart TV and a galaxy s8 plus and when I try to use the remote feature on my TV alot of the time it is unresponsive or the controls are very delayed
I don't like that there is no feature for my ADT smarthings panel/hub. I cannot remote arm/disarm. Why would you update it when there is no options for the ADT smarthings hub in the app? Won't use this app until there is support for the ADT hub, for now sticking with classic.
During upload issues knew it was junk then looked at feedback now I know it's junk
Requires permissions it should not need. C'mon Samsung, don't REQUIRE my contacts or microphone or photos to turn my lights on. If you don't allow the app just closes. That's garbage. Fix this.
I can't say better than just OK for now. The interface has been made into this non technical user friendly format which as is leaves a good amount of existing devices almost inoperable in some cases due to custom device handlers being useless, and some of these handlers are from the manufacturers, not just the community. It wasn't perfect before by any means, but I could care less about operating my TV in this app vs. my multifunction sensors reading all metrics.
when i click mirror screen on the app on my S7 and then give permission on my samsung tv, the tv starts loading then the app cancels the connection and shows the error: "failed to turn on smart view"
Easy way to manage device connections. Much more useful than stock Android settings manager. Love this one Samsung!
Wants permissions to read your contacts before it does anything else. That's a non-starter. I don't need it to "invite others" to a connected device. Uninstalled.
After the last update i cannot use the app anymore , it doesn't connect at the same tv as yesterday without the update. I try to reinstall but the same. The TV is 49MU7002 series , this model has been removed from compatibility list...
Samsung is retarded. Why did you tie use of this app to specific browsers? Literally retarded.
My old vacuum app would tell me if it was stuck or had a problem, this one doesn't. Also, it randomly turns on but not when scheduled.
b'Easy to use. Just found out what is was today & I love it ha I can mess with everyone in the house ??'
Why are we being forced this app. Because of this app my other Bluetooth devices are not working properly. I do not have a account. Please have this an option. Thank you.
Kool features, cant wait to get all samsung appliances, for now just have mu note8 but slowly im gonna buy smart fridge, TV, washer and dryer . All made by Sami
This app telling me my Samsung TV not existing (eu55je6800) bravo Samsung! I can't connect Samsung soundboard to TV through ARC port. Customers support have no clue how to do it (please switch your device off and on LOL) To late to return ultra slow Samsung silly TV, but I still can return this so overpriced, not working as advertised soundboard.
i was excited to see a new version of the app, i felt like the previous version was a little clunky. maybe this would solve some quirks that i had before, but this has been a nightmare. not only is there no migration tool to go from one version of the app to this new one (isn't that the reason why you create a samsung account?), the instructions are not clear oh how to deauthorize the hub. eventually i figured out how to do it, and after adding the hub to the new app, none of the devices previously connected are detected. i checked the device's reset procedure and pairing modes. my smarthome is now dead.
The app crashes every time the phone goes to sleep. I will be sure to update my review if my experience changes.
Well for starter since it became smart thing it constantly disconnects from my roku streamer, and movie don't seem to play as well, the picture freezes on the tv screen but be working fine on my phone, not quite understanding how is this possible cause I didn't have this problem with Samsung connect.
Unwanted bloatware forced on me by Samsung. Can't delete or disable Thanks for nothinng.
Works 0% of time and legs phone none stop crashing since last update and I've cleared caches and even went to full factory reset nothing helps buggy app fix.
Just finished reading a lot of reviews n agree with all the negative feedback. It's an app many don't need but cos we own Samsung phones ect it's just forced onto us. I connected it to my Samsung tv n worked as a remote n turned tv off fine but tryna turn it back on was ...well....let's just say I'm glad I found the proper tv remote cos my patience was due to run out n my Tele may have had my phone wearing it.. Don't get why it needs access to contacts n ya life tho.! That's why ppl have pins n passwords to keep nosey ppl out so why would we want to share personal stuff with an app that's meant to be like a remote to house hold goods. Wouldn't go up to a no body n say here ya go take me car for a drive... Never would happen... Don't Pry for ppls personal stuff. It's not needed so sort it out...
Since the recent app update I have not been able to screen mirror with my projector. Very frustrated!
Bloatware again from Samsung - the S7 Edge is a reasonable phone, but the amount of bloatware from Samsung means my next upgrade will be from a different manufacturer
Before I started using this app I couldn't connect the b luetooth in the car. Now I can. No more radio for this gal!
New version is worse. I like classic version that can play TV sound on my samsung mobile phone. Now this feature is gone.
Not a great app. Needs access to your contacts? Why? I dunno. Also does not pick up any of my devices.
No longer able to update, get error code 944. Please Fix.
Broken. Old smartthings has stopped logging in all of a sudden. Come to this app and it doesn't find my hub or any Samsung connected devices. Now got a lot of expensive useless 'dumbthings' . Shambles. Terrible mistaken buying into Samsung. Edit: service came back but now another new issue.. Samsung camera no longer connects properly. This is a really poor product and software
It can't even find philips hue devices! And i have many many of them in same network! Really bad app!
The new version of the app seems clunky and lot of features are missing or just hard to hind to vs the classic app.
For normal devices it is ok. However it does not recognize my ring devices that is really bad when you say it does but it won't....
One word "awful", if this is the direction Samsung is taking SmartThings good luck to them as I will be removing all devices from my home!!!!
Not ready for real world. Half of devices don't work, those that do are slow to respond half the time
More %#&@ I didn't ask for stuck on my phone in my last couple of days with samsung. You vote with your wallet.
It has lost my abiltie to mirror screen. Rubbish app that i want to never use again!
Now my samsung tv won't turn on. Before it used to turn on when switched off. Smart things made app tv remote worst.
I can't connect with my new vaccum....guess I been scammed by samsung .....don't says something works when it's still in the testing stage . Totally unhappy with samsung right now
Just because I don't have Samsung tv the app don't connect like previous version Samsung connect. Hate smart things
When you edit the name of a device and save it, it goes back to original name, you can't define names for Bixby to address
Cannot update app. Keeps saying error. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and still does the same thing.
Don't have a remote controlled house. Don't need app, got it anyway.
They need to add arm home and arm away features. Having trouble arming like a regular home security system.
I hate how it constantly disconnects my cell phone from tv it makes the mirror option very frustrating
Impossible to connect my device, hangs on 44% with a different error message every time.
The app is great when it works, I use it as a remote for my TV but half the time when I open it, it tells me that my TV is off even though it is clearly on in front of me.
Can't start until I give access to my contacts. Why do you need my contacts... Not happening.
Many times I can't connect with my RV Cleaner... I don't know why. So 3 stars for this time
Useless bloatware that nobody needs. Updates weekly for no reason. Samsung employees are not very smart.
Two apps with the same name? Confusing. How do I control my pre-existing Smartthings?
Bit hit and miss. Registered my tv but won't register my blue ray player
Nowhere as good as the old app. None of my devices with custom handlers work. Unavailable devices cannot be accessed.
Useless, I am never able to connect to the powerbot vacuum (which I greatly regret buying)
Found app running on my phone for no reason whatsoever, using data and storage. Appears to be junk/spam but may be useful for IoT devices I dont own.
Bought an expensive robot vacuum. Wont pair to app. Samsung support was ni help. Returning for a refund
One star simply because it doesn't support custom device handlers, meaning 60% of my devices can't be toggled in the app. Not sure why they broke that integration.
Its the worst app i ever installed it ..it slow phone by 60% ...
What on Earth? How is this an upgrade? When I go to door locks there's no option to view or set codes. This app is literally like going back in time. Looks like we won't be using SmartThings anymore which is disappointing as I really enjoyed it before but this app is ridiculous.
Why in the world do you need access to anything on my phone, let alone to record audio? No way! Creepy...
The last update screwed up my interactions with my Samsung 4k TV. Not happy.
Have the galaxy s9 and most of the time it has trouble mirroring my phone on the TV
This is a clean, quick app. Being a Smartthings classic user it lacks the 'Recently' feature where every gadgets interaction was logged. This was great for security, safety and troubleshooting. Please include this feature in the next update. Thanks.
My microphone stopped working all of a sudden I don't know why but so I bought a Bluetooth earpiece headset. It works for the Google Now but when I try to use it for the texting in my messaging app from Verizon it does not hear my voice this has been happening ever since the update from quick connect to SmartThings I am so angry right now and I can't change it. I've tried disconnecting Bluetooth and Wi-Fi scanning with no avail the kid at Best Buy I got the Bluetooth to work for texting I don't know how he shut off the media audio and left call Audio Only it worked for 20 minutes and stopped again this is ridiculous what's the point of having a Bluetooth app when you can't use it four basic Bluetooth functions not happy
Update!! I received wireless headphones as a gift and now I have a smart thing to connect to! Works great, very clear sound!
Won't let me screen mirror from phone to my tv anymore... old version worked fine...
Not working for me :( should have clearer instructions-trouble shooting
Every since my phone was updated my phone won't stay connected with my car Bluetooth.
There is no way to uninstall this. Thank you for your garbage bloatware, Samsung.
what a waste of time and resources. why isn't tgere the option to uninstall this is beyond my comprehension...
Why would you need access to my contacts now? Shame on you Samsung.
Bloatware... Not even possible to uninstall or disable!
Useless, didn't ask for, app that can't be removed.
Can't add smartthings v2 hub to new smartthings app! Stuck with classic app! Why?
It keeps crashing and of course Samsung won't let me uninstall it.
I can't control any device from smart things. Only errors
Couldn't find my LIFX bulb anymore after the last update. It was all good before but since the last update my bulb is gone from the list and I couldn't connect to it again
Always having some problems, always disconnecting so not worth it
Why is it not possible to uninstall unwanted and useless spplications?
I wish I could delete this from my phone. It's not something I use it's just taking up space!
Bluetooth connections are choppy while you're on the move... Still looking for a fix
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd9\x85\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb4\xda\xa9\xd8\xb1\xdb\x8c\xd9\x85 \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2 \xd8\xb4\xd8\xb1\xda\xa9\xd8\xaa \xd8\xb3\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xd8\xb3\xd9\x88\xd9\x86\xda\xaf .\xd9\x87\xd9\x85\xd9\x87 \xdb\x8c \xd9\x85\xd8\xad\xd8\xb5\xd9\x88\xd9\x84\xd8\xa7\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb4\xd9\x88\xd9\x86 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87 .\xd9\x85\xd9\x86 \xd8\xaa\xd9\x84\xd9\x88\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb2\xdb\x8c\xd9\x88\xd9\x86 49m6970\xd8\xaf\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd9\x85 \xd9\x88 \xd9\x85\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84 A3 _2017 \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2 \xd9\x87\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf\xd9\x88 \xd9\x85\xd8\xad\xd8\xb5\xd9\x88\xd9\x84 \xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb6\xdb\x8c \xd9\x87\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xd9\x85 \xd9\x88 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd9\x87\xd9\x85 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xb1\xd8\xb9\xd8\xaa \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xd8\xa7 \xd9\x85\xda\x86 \xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb4\xd9\x86 \xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd9\x87 \xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xad\xd8\xaa\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2 \xd8\xaa\xd8\xb5\xd9\x88\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xaa\xd9\x84\xd9\x88\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb2\xd9\x88\xd9\x86 \xd8\xaf\xd8\xb1 \xd9\x85\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84 \xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd9\x84\xd8\xb9\xda\xa9\xd8\xb3 \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xd9\x81\xd8\xa7\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87 \xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xda\xa9\xd9\x86\xd9\x85.\xd9\x85\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb4\xda\xa9\xd8\xb1\xd9\x85 \xd9\x88 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xaa\xd9\x88\xd9\x86 \xd8\xaa\xd8\xa8\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd8\xba \xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xda\xa9\xd9\x86\xd9\x85.'
Samsung lied about providing a smartthings USB dongle for their premium TVs.
Don't want it, can't remove it, what a waste of space
Used this for new Samsung 3 piece mesh wifi/Smartthings hub. The setup was spotty, kept having to unplug and plug 1st unit to get it to recognize. Same with additional 2 units. I laughed out loud when setting up the second unit (in the very next room) and it kept telling me to move closer to the wifi hub. Hmm, you ARE the wifi hub. And wouldn't you know, it did the same thing on the 3rd unit. Unplugging and plugging back in got it going after the 3rd attempt. After getting the wifi part set up, I did the Smartthings part. Just like the 2 extra hubs, one of my z wave switches wasn't being discovered. I HAD to go in manually to do it. Turns out it wanted me to move the switch up once to start the discovery process. It would have been nice for it to mention that in the auto find device so I don't waste time refreshing something that will never be freshened. The wifi performance is so bad and the set up process is more complicated than it needs to be, that just 2 short hours later it's already boxed back up to be returned in the morning. I'll stick with the google wifi mesh router and go buy a Wink. It seems to be better. Oh, and all those permissions...I don't have a Samsung phone, so why on Earth would you need those permissions??
Can't add my Schlage Connect lock. Only getting Yale lock options. Unfortunately the hub offers region-dependent device options. So, even though it was purchased with a Schlage lock from Amazon.co.uk they don't connect to each other.
Doesn't connect properly. No one at Samsung can help
I have zero devices in my house that this app can control, and I intend to keep it that way. I would uninstall if I could.
The new update doesn't work! No screen mirror
I only have a Samsung phone and tablet. No other Samsung devices. There is no need for me to allow access to devices. There is also NO UNINSTALL OR DISABLE AND THERE NEEDS TO BE.
It's a Great app but it often frustrates me when I am not longer connected to the internet, that's why I disliked.
I like the app. But there is no reason for use on wifi only. Its not as if you have to be on the same wifi network. Just any wifi works. So why not allow cell phone's internet for use also.
What about Chromecast? When i bought the Galaxy S6 it was possible to cast using samsung video app, but then we lost that great feature!
It would be cool to easier access was more functional for devices that most people have instead of stupid stuff like light bulbs
This app just does not work. Wast of time
Simply junk, does nothing and even samsung tv are not supported
Devices keep disconnecting, and it's a nightmare to try and pair them
App does not work with out contact and camera permissions enabled....?
Now it blanks the phone screen the tv sound comes and goes
Says it could not be installed due to an error (error code: 944). Please help
It has too much access and.cannot be disabled. It is high risk.
Slamware/Spyware - do not want, unable to delete. This app wants access to my location & microphone - so the app can spy on me.
I DON'T USE SMARTHING I DO NOT LIKE GETTING AN APP FORCED ON ME AND WILL BE REMOVING ALL SMARTHING SOFTWARE FROM MY PHONE.
Used to control my ue55ju6800 TV with this app but no more..... the update broke the remote control functionality and the search option does not even list the model of the TV......
It worked once and then not anymore. Waste of time.
Why can this app not be removed or de activated. I dont use or want any of its functions.
It keeps crashing on galaxy s8 with oreo update.
Time based automations won't work after update
This is why people hate you, Samsung.
I had a problem and it was fixed the following day - great customer support!
Please bring back the notification to select the audio output it's much more convenient to switch from one output to another without going into the app. Thanks.
This app still crash on My Note8 when open
I Don't Like This App It Gets On My Nerves, And It's Annoying!!!!!
It doesn't work. I can share the screen but the app at the same time says the TV is off. It doesn't work
If you buy this product, you are dumb. Lol. Be warned.
It stopped working completely I can't hook onto my smart TV my media hub my smart sensors or Outlets even screen mirroring which used to work great doesn't work at all anymore it's completely obsolete now apparently which is a shame and what's the wonderful feature I've had Samsung all the way from the Note 3 to the Note 8 I also have an S7 I used to be completely Amazed by the features on the phones but now I'm considering jumping ship to iPhone especially after the Note 7 Fiasco which I still have not been compensated for and was promised if I stayed with Samsung just more lies
b"I don't want this and yet I'm not able to uninstall or disable it... ????????"
I am a samsung a5 2016 user but I am unable to mirror my phone to my smart tv.
I don't know why it changed from Samsung connect
Works as well as the old version. Not as intuitive for adding new things, but does do a better job doing it
Now my mobile hotspot won't work :(
I use it for my bluetooth device's i.e. speaker,car, computer, etc and it works great. I like that I can go under devices and connect what I want.
Why do I need unwanted apps stop the unwanted apps
Not good with my home nor my phone
Would be much better if it could play my photos and videos stored on Dropbox. Only plays content stored on my phone. Yet does a good job.
The best app Samsung has put out to date for mirroring and managing your devices. Just incredible!!!
Total waste... Thank God you can delete it.
Amazing, this app is actually pretty useful. Glad they changed the name of it finally!
Cant connect to may samsung smart tv
The app always loses connection with TV
Permissions nightmare auto runs like malware
Nothing but trouble trying to hook up
Great app mate, I just have no use for it
Only used it once when I transferred content from Samsung Galaxy s7 too G S9 and all I can say is I had no problems
It does not work with some of the IoT devices I have in my network while the old app is working fine.
Connecting WiFi hubs is a pain in the ass!
Doesn't work for my Echo Dot.
How i can remove from my play store and phone..please advice me
Worse than standard Bluetooth connection was.
Don't need this & don't want it but can't uninstall nor disable from my phone!!!!
Getting better every day, especialy with new smart platform on QLed TVs
Bloatware that I cannot uninstall.
Back to classic. This app is a joke
I dont want it on my phone
It disconnects all the time so unhappy!!!
I mainly use this when I loose my remote. I could imagine this being better one day but pretty good so far.
Works most of the time .... But sometimes it will connect to one of my bt speakers or my car and not route the audio same time .... not sure why
No idea what this app does. Connected a Sonos speaker and it can only use the Samsung music app? At least I can delete this app.
Keeps turning off on it's own. Never had that problem b4 I have to stop every 5 mins and reconnect.
I don't want this app. How can I uninstall it permanently?
This suck i use to be able to mirror my phone with no internet now it can wven find my tv smh this is the worst
It is amazing if i want to connect to my speaker it is right there and it pulles up a romote for your tv if you lose it
Doesn't work most of the time.
WHY does it need access to browser history?!?! No thank you.
App broken no longer connects
You guys should be ashamed of yourselves
Not fully featured like the classic
Easy to use and to keep track of bluetooth devices!
It is okay. I don't know what to do with it. But if I did it would be better.
Discovered the existence of the app when I saw a notification that it was running. Instant 1 star. Your mileage may vary.
This app has a mind of it's own! My television could be on and it would still register as being off.
I can turn my tv on and off. That's it. It won't change the channel adjust, the volume, etc.
Bloatware that I can't uninstall
Fa talmente schifo che ha problemi pure quando la si deve aggiornare
Let me uninstall or at the very least disable it.
Works great and very easy to use. I like that I can make it always visible from my pull down menu.
Doesn't work after update
Works pretty well to show location of family members but some advanced features are still sort of beta.
What a POS! What the hell happened with Samsung this last year - I've had more Samsung issues this last year than all the other years combined. What a completely stupid idea to take the Samsung Connect app and rename it to "SmartThings" when there is already an app called SmartThings (now labeled SmartThings Classic.) And why were users not notified first and allowed to decide for themselves whether or not they want the app update. If I had just bought a SmartThings system and came home to find 2 different apps in the Play store called SmartThings, I would be confused and probably look at the version number of each app - but that would be a mistake because old SmartThings has a higher version number than new SmartThings. At this point I would have just sent it back to Amazon. I never liked or used Smart Connect much - just to set up my wifi hub because that was the only method provided. The original SmartThings app isn't perfect, but it's way superior to the half-baked new app based on Smart Connect - which was used mostly for Bluetooth devices, but is now being shoehorned into a home automation platform. I hope they don't plan on getting rid of the original app and forcing existing SmartThings customers to use the new app exclusively or they're will be a lot of protests and probably a lot of people dumping ST altogether. You see the hub is cheap compared to the many hundreds and hundreds of dollars for sensors, lights, locks, cameras, thermostats, etc. which will all work just fine with another vendors hub. Samsung doesn't own the Zigbee & Z-Wave protocols, nor is there any special proprietary tech in their hubs, so you can just swap out the ST hub for one from a different manufacturer and reattach all of your "things" and only be out the cost of the ST hub. Are you listening Samsung? As an IT Engineer myself I can tell you that the golden rule of IT support is to not piss off the users of your platform/network/system. Taking away something they have and are happy with and forcing a migration to something new and frankly inferior, violates the DNPOTU rule. ST Help Desk: please spare me your scripted response about how sorry you are for my inconvenience, inviting me to contact you for support. I've had multiple encounters with your offshore support people who can barely speak English and are oftentimes outright rude... I remember trying to have a conversation with a particular woman who was giving me what I knew to be incorrect information - when I asked to speak to a manager, she told me that she felt like she resolved my issue and that I "did not deserve to speak to a manager" then she hung up on me.
Works great, the remote has to connect faster or run in the background or something. It's a long process to reopen the remote.
This app doesn't even have my sansui tv s model terrible app .
The Samsung tv remote feature does not have a select or okay button
It does what it is supposed to do. What I would really like is a widget on my homescreen to control my TV.
Had an issue connecting to my vacuum before but the recent update has everything working perfectly!
What happened to mirror tv screen on phone? That was the most usefull thing on...
I love the way it works the best thing for all my different Bluetooth connections
Awesome App... No other manfuturer comes even closer to what Samsung provides. Good job!
Update: I uninstalled and reinstalled after clearing the cache and restarting, it fine works again.
There's a lot of variety in use
Great app & easy to use which is always a plus.
Does not work in Iran
Did not import my settings from smartthings classic. Did not import my Fibaro LED controller.
Has worked well for 2 weeks so far.
Again an app that is useless to me
It's a good start but not all my devices are Samsung so doesn't achieve much
So far, I like it. I enjoy the fact of being able to control my TV with this app
Use to work just fine with my s7 and 8000 Samsung tv but will not work with updates
Will not open if you block contacts and storage access.
Installed and still won't connect to my tv sucks. Uninstalling
Can't delete never update the app
I can no longer use my tv thanks for that
It dose not let me connect to my stuff
Always have issues with connection and I have multiple smart devices from Samsung.
I DO NOT WANT THIS ON MY TABLET
Only thing missing for me is ability to stream only sound to smart TV
This app makes it super easy and convenient to connect or disconnect Bluetooth devices! I love it!
Is it too much to ask for a black theme for AMOLED screens?
What is this app for, do I really need it?
Af long as it continues to mirror to my LG tv...
sometimes it works when using as remote for TV, oftentimes it doesn't
Great app but since it is first version there is room for improvement. But the idea is great.
Love the convenience of being able to use my TV without scrambling to find the remote lol
Love it, use it every time I can't find my TV remote xD
just more bloat.
Won't play audio there my current devices
I use this app to watch movie from my hp to my tv even my tv is sony....
Love it, very helpful and easy to use.
Great app I love to connect everything with my phone. So great job!!
Don't install apps on my phone without asking.
The classic app had a much better interface which was easier to access and connect with the devices.
More crapware forced on us by Samsung.
Very convenient and that makes things A lot better being in notifications.
Was installed without permission uninstall the POS
Sucks and does not provide a remote control
Does not show my temp history
Dope! And I like the "smart things" rebranding
Never connects and my TV is Samsung too.
Takes too long to load anything!
Requires access to contacts or won't run. No Thanks.
Easy to use and configure, but lacks of detailed settings
How about supporting your longtime Smartthings users?
Can not connect with my TV
Why cant i disable this app?!
Samgung will not link with alexa
why i cant connect it with xbox one anymore
Spamware. Stay away.
Does not connect to devices!
Doesn't have features listed on vacuum.
I wish I could delete this app
Hai...i dont really use this app....i hope this app can uninstall or just disable....
b'I didnt want this ??'
b'\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2 \xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xb4\xd9\x85\xd8\xa7 \xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb6\xdb\x8c \xd9\x87\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xd9\x85.'
Very easy to use, still learning about use but is very easy and have a lot of functions
Don't want it, have no use for it, can't remove it.
I don't need this app
What happened to screen mirroring?!
Can't add my Denon AVRX 3000. It used to work before.
Hello, I'm new here. Nice to meet you. Came from LGg4 phone. Glad to be here.
Easy to use. Love the fact that I can open it from my notification bar.
Like the app, but needs to be compatible work Google Home and Google Home- Mini
I like this this is upgrading to the next s***
b'\xda\x86\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7 \xd9\x85\xd8\xaf\xd9\x84 AAHH39JG100293X\xd9\x86\xd8\xaf\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd9\x87'
Not working on air condition
It's koo
For those of the us that use wireless assessories this is a top choice app.
Requires ridiculous permissions
Keeps bugging out
Absolutely refusing to work with my Samsung smart tv. Poor app
didnt work
disconnects too often
Does not work
Teribble waste of storage
It's very useful when it's working :/
Can't figure anything out.
I liked it better when it was samsung conect now it doesn't conect to my tv
Cannot uninstall from Galaxy s8...
Good attempt but it still needs more work. Thanx
Latest update stop sharing the screen with my LG Smart tv
Absolutely awesome can watch both Hulu and Netflix from my phone
Love it, it saves a lot of hastle
It makes it easier for me to connect to my earbuds I love it
Nothing in this app works.
I want to uninstall this.
It's really easy to use and is really nice with my note 8.
Don't want
Love it, slowly getting my home switched over to smart
Really good app, easier to set up all connections
Very glitchy.
Its bad
Works good for my electronics
Hate bloatware..
Sometimes doesnt connect directly. But when it does works great
Change the name of app !!!!!!
It works perfectly with my Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus
Got rid of the audio output settings I loved using it
Needs more convenience and better options but doing great
Really useful to organize and use Bluetooth.
Doeant pair with bluetooth
b'\xd8\xb5\xd8\xa7\xd8\xaf\xd9\x82 \xd8\xaa\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa8\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa8\xd8\xa8\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c'
Disconnect device by itself
Never auto connects
It is not working
Não conecta com nada
Only works of devices are on
Simplifies connecting with my network and blue tooth devices.
Where is smarts apps? Like smart home monitor.
Didn't ask for it.
Quite useful even always not connected to the tv
Nice app, works great on my note 8
Used to be easy, now it's a lot of steps to use.
Would be cool if you had a virtual joystick
Good but could use connect to any bluetoooth
It Safely cycle through my bluetooth connections
honestly the most helpful tool for all my devices
now only remote functions work for my tv
Awesome & useful to use if u lose ur control Haha.
Crash, crash, crash
Works as expected.
I can control my home from distance... awesome!
Should allow me to uninstall it but won't.
Can't uninstall
I love how everything is in the grasps of my fingers.
Well put together. Works with all my devices.
It would be more nicer with an offline features.
Very flexible and versatile application. Thanks!
I like it.
I don't want this app... I don't need it...
Brilliant app for me smart tv love it
I like it and enjoy the app so much
Is there any way to add keyboardfor it ?
Made easier to use All In one
Supports the Washflex washer but not the Dryflex dryer? Really??
Great app for managing my smart home
Useless bloatware
b'\xd8\xaa\xda\xa9\xd9\x86\xd9\x88\xd9\x84\xd9\x88\xda\x98\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87..'
Quick connection to your Bluetooth devices,, sweet
It is ok when it works. Still needs refinement.
Pretty convenient when it works 50% of the time
Why can't I uninstall this bloatware
Very easy to use
Easy To use
Thank you, I love this app
Forced app
No desire for it
Bloatware.
Works great with my Samsung un496500
All working good. Thanks !
Enjoy controlling my devices from here
just want to say I love it
It's very good app
I like it
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd9\x87\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xdb\x8c\xd9\x86'
Not connecting
Clear image
verry well
Need to improvment
Works like it is supposed to. Would recommend.
cant mirror
It sucks
It works
I like it
Add persen
Total B.S.
If i delete this my phone will work ??
Works great , mahalo anuiloa
Good enough, could be better
Just work very well !!.
Stopped working
Update ruined it
This is a very useful app.
Very easy to use. Love it
Terrible font
Samsung spyware
Waste of time
Total RUBBISH
its garbage
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Awesome, must have more
A++
Nice app. very useful
Makes life easier lol
Nothing works and it freezes up
Great user friendly app
Makes connecting Bluetooth easier
Awesome Replacement for Samsung Connect
This app really good
Very helpful app. Love it
Very simple to use and powerful
It make life easy
When it works its sexy
Good I love Samsung
Still learning and developing uses
Pervious version is good.
Good control app.
b'Well done you ????'
It's a good app.
Very useful rt
Very nice. app
I am happy with this
Its Lit!
b'Make life easier ????'
It's very good :)
Working like a champ...
best app for streaming
It very good
Its easy to use
I love the app
Best app ever
It works great
Great app overall
Great app love it
best app for the best headphones
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Connect
Superrrrrr
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
Nah
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c'
yes
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8'
nc
Wow
Thanks
Ok
Nur
SAMSUNG
Thanks
Gud
Like it
Thanks
Gold
Easy to use.
Works great.
It is good.
b'Best app ??'
Garbage
Very good.
I love it.
Good 1
it a good app
Its cool.
;p
Very nice.....to use it
b'Bad ????????'
Bloatware
Great!!!
Bloatware
I love this
Great app
I love it
Best app
Very good
Its great
Great format
Great App
Good app
I love it
It great
Good app
Awesome love it
Good app
Its good
Its useful
good app
Good s
Very nice
Very interesting
I love it
Good app
Excellent for user
very nice
Very good
Great app
Bad
Nice
Great
nice
Good
Good
Good
Awsome
Fantastic
Good
Good
Nice
Good
Good
Amazing
Nice
Great
Useful
Good
Excellent
Essential
Great
Excellent
Nice
Cool
Great
Great
Love it
Nice
Excellence
Usefull
Good
Good
Awesome
Good
Love it
Nice
Excellent
Love it
Love it
Great
Good
Excellent
Best
Cool
Nice
Good
Good
Good
Fine
Best
Perfect
Awesome
Update: Samsung did something to re-enable the classic app login the day after the review was posted, and it was allowing a login with the Samsung Account. This version of the app still needs the full functionality of the classic. Was 5 stars went to 1 star and now 3 stars. READ THIS: Your Samsung Account just took over your Smartthings Account. That's why nothing is working anymore. This app just took over my smartthings hub. I can't use the password I had set up for my smartthings app and hub. I can only use my Samsung account. Which basically breaks everything that I had set up. Hopefully I can get the text message notifications from my old app security set up to turn off. Some warnings or some form of heads up would be great in the future. The old app was a 5 star product. The new app leaves a lot to be desired so far.
Bring back classic. New App with non-functioning authentication! So I guess now I need to find another job. I'll put it in the junk pile alongside your 2-year old washing machine bearings that cost $800 to repair, and the 3 year old TV with a bad capacitor. Samsung, you truly know how to ruin a good thing.
Needs work. It never found the Samsung tv I have. It also never said I was home even though it has location access and my phone was connected to wifi so i could never use anything. General maintenance and some fixing will make this app better
How about adding the ability to remove or disable this. I don't need or want this on my S8+ but I can't remove or disable it. Very frustrating. Am I expected to keep this up to date for the next few years that I'll own this device?? Its constantly running in the background unnecessarily.
So does this replace the Smart things app or what? It's confusing. Sharing the same name without being a direct replacement is annoying.
It doesn't work well with wemo smart plug. Smart things classic app worked perfectly. I use google home speaker and I used to turn on and off the lights easily. Now, after i updated to the new app it works only half of the times.
This app is a battery hog. It consumes more power than the screen or the OS. I hardly ever connect my phone to other devices, but I can't disable this app or even put it to sleep. Samsung need to fix this.
I dont like it being preinstalled and cannot be removed. Since I dont use it, it's a waste in my phone and remind me how much i hate Samsung bloatware.
I have no idea what function this has on my s7 but it uses a ton of battery and i don't do anything with it. Never opened the app
Upgraded off the classic version. None of my 10+ devices showed up. Uninstalled and sticking with the classic version for now.
It's the top power consumer on my phone and eats 18% of energy, while I don't use it at all. As the result the phone dies in 1 day. Before auto update of this app the phone worked 2 days.
Can't use the remote with Hulu. I could before the update. The remote interface has changed and it just moves a dot with a circle around.
An updated app of which I don't want nor will I use. Bloatware I cannot delete.
Still have problems after adding room ac. I am stucked at country selection page.
I don't want or need this app. Please release a fix to uninstall it. It's taking up memory on my phone and is an app I don't and will never need or use.
I know it's new and all, but it is not working properly yet.
Don't have any use for this app in my house and u can't disable it or remove it not happy
Can't add my SmartThings hub. Add manually doesn't have a "Hub" option like stated in some other answer to a review. So basically this app is useless. I'll continue to use the classic app until there is a working version of this app.
Whole time background activity without using. Also baterry drain causing
i dont know what it is but it won't update and it constantly asks for an update. i cant disable the thing either.
This app can be disabled on s8+ from settings however i use this all the time so i keep it on my notification pulldown
Why do you need to see my contacts or access to record?
Another spam app I don't want or need.
It doesn't link devices as ready as smartthings connect (previous version)
Don't want things downloaded to my phone without permission
Uses up too much battery in background
Don't have a use for it don t like it wasting space on my phone
It could have been Smart Connect LOL
Less functionality than the smartthings classic
I don't use it. I cant uninstall it. Why would I think it is good.
Great way to control audio over many different devices, well done Samsung
b'Works flawless with my smartphone. Wonderful app. So many functions. I love it! ??'
Won't connect to TV or Air con. Can't uninstall
I don't want it and I don't need it, but I cannot uninstall
Has quite a ways to go to be perfect
b"Battery hog that can't be disabled. ??"
Easier to connect to Bluetooth from main screen rather than go to settings
Nice substitute of peel...need improvements
Very good app... Dharampal DidhAria..
b'????'
What is this app??????
Its a good
Nice application
Its good
LOVE IT
Bloatware
Nice
This used to be good but you have removed functionality from this... I used briefing on TV but now it's gone! I would very much like to have this function back please! Also this app continues to disconnect from my Samsung smart TV! Come on Samsung, I've been a lifelong Samsung customer but I'm starting to see other companies catch up and even pass you guys! Now the controller for the TV download doesn't work!
Generally pleased. It meets my needs, which is to act as a spare remote for my Samsung TV. I like the fact I can watch the TV on my phone.....handy for when I'm watching live football in the living room and cooking in the kitchen at the same time. It would be even better if it had a track pad like the one provided in Samsung Smart View which makes my TV's browser so much more usable. The only way to stop the app running seems to be to "force stop" it in settings. It needs an exit button. I object to permitting this app access to my contacts and location. You do not need to know these. I should be allowed to use this app with these permissions turned off.
Half the devices that work fine in classic don't work at all. Looks like SmartApps are gone. Devices are sorted by room; can't sort by device type or name. Practically no options. Too many required permissions. Enables Bluetooth for no reason at all. It added my phone as a new device, forcing me to redo my automations. Uninstalled as a p.o.s. If this is the future of SmartThings, will need to find an alternative platform.
I have ge z wave switches installed at my home.first when I tried with my iphone the switches are not even detected.but when I use Samsung phone it was immediately detected. Problem 2. So now atleeast after I see my switches when I try to link this to my google home I do t see these in google home. When I add the Samsung connect/Smarthings I only see some default things like good morning ,good night etc. Let me know if you have an email id so I can attach all the screenshots for u tok understand what is happening.
The requirements say Android 6.0 and up. What they don't say is nothing Android 8.0 or up. Can't download the controller for my new TV. Pointless. Also have the smart fridge that connects to this app. The fridge can't have anything but Samsung approved apps on it. No Netflix, no Google assistant, no Hulu, no Nest, etc. Makes having the big screen pointless, and it's interface with this app is just as useless.
Buggy as hell. When after much faffing I got my washing machine connected I clicked it and was taken to a select a country page with nothing to select and no way out, restarted app and phone, situation doesn't improve. Well done Samsung, two of you're premium products (note 8 being the flagship too) can't connect using Samsung software!
It worked for a week but now all I get is a black screen on my phone when I'm trying to watch a tv show on my phone or it disconnects after 5 minutes. It also takes many tries just to get it to connect. 1 month old tv with a s8 plus. Great idea it just don't work.
App sucks compared to classic. It's nicer to look at and has a more modern GUI but aside from that's it's a less capable app and I have less control over my smart things like colored lights. I can only turn then on and off with the new app and can no longer change temperature or color or brightness
A complete trainwreck of an unnecessary app transition. Lots of my custom device handlers and smart apps are not working. Should have just called the old version SmartThings Advanced and this one SmartThings Home since it's so dumbed down, and then just maintain both forks.
Since this changed to the new smartthings app, my house security has gone haywire. Every time i walked pass my motion sensor my siren would go off and i would get notifications to my phone. There's No way in the app too have a home armed away or home mode where i can walk freely in my home and not trigger my alarm or press one button to arm all of my devices when im away. All of my settings(smartapps) that i had set for specific modes have been messed up.
This just happened to appear on my s7 edge one day and ever since it just "opens" by itself asking me to set it up with my devices. I'm tired if being forced with these useless apps. And of course you cant uninstall or disable it. I've been a longtime Samsung/ Android user and now I'm thinking of going back to the enemy. They wonder why we can't trust any company anymore.
I recently purchased a Powerbot, after researching the options in the market. I read many reviews that talked about the option to choose the room to clean from the app. To my disappointment my Powerbot required this app...which doesn't give the Select & Go option. When I submitted a question direct to Samsung they gave me directions to use the Smart Home app which my bot is not compatible with. I'm a Samsung girl...so I hope they fix this ASAP.
Not seeing any value in this app unless most of the stuff you have are brand new Samsung products. Using the tv remote is frustrating because the direction pad is either too sensitive or not sensitive enough. There's also so little feedback to my taps that I don't know if I've pressed something or not. Connecting to the tv is tough to begin with since I don't have an IR blaster on my s7 or s8. Oddly enough, I can turn the tv on by casting my phone screen. Just all in all not that useful to me.
You can't use this app without giving Samsung access to your contacts list. Total junk! Especially given what Facebook has been doing lately. To Samsung Tech Support: I'll say it again. If your disable the Contacts permission in the Google App settings, the SmartThings App will automatically exit everytime you try to use it. There is absolutely no need for Samsung to have access to my Contacts list. I paid good money from my SmartThings Hub only to be stopped by this junk.
I'd love for this to maintain a 4 star rating, in my eyes, however the View TV On Phone function is no longer working for me. No idea why. Occasionally, it will connect, but I get nothing but black screen, then am disconnected. Support seems pretty responsive here, so I'm hoping they might have a solution.
Not functioning and apparently interfering with the existing Bluetooth android system functions on the Galaxy S7. For devices paired in the normal Bluetooth android function, it loses connection within a minute. This app doesn't recognize my earbud, doesn't recognize my speaker, doesn't recognize any Bluetooth device yet tried. Extremely buggy and debilitating to Bluetooth functions, such that earbuds cannot be used with this phone anymore. Samsung, you really screwed the pooch with this one.
Nothing short of amazing. Sorry Steve Jobs but I've always been a Samsung user. My wife has Apple and is always complaining and I just sit back and smile and take pictures or videos of her throwing a fit on my Galaxy S8. Needless to say, Samsung never disappoints this guy. Everything I own is Samsung.
Can't use the damn app without creating an account first. I guess it's required for cloud services, but even if you don't want to use the cloud services, and use Bluetooth only, then you have to sign up anyways, then disable the cloud options. I'm rating 1 star because I didn't even get the chance to see what the app even does. I'm not going to go through all the trouble of setting up an account just to see if it works or not. Instead I went through the trouble of writing this bad review for your bad app. Good day sir.
Why force this on people who don't use Samsung for anything other than a mobile? It wasn't pre-installed. It just force installed itself recently. EDIT: I don't use smart appliances. If I did, I might find this useful. However, it's forced bloatware since I don't. And, that is the point...forcing apps which are pointless for many.
It's very helpful to switch between your Samsung devices. The only thing I would like to see is for a keyboard to be added to the remote control. Instead of going from letter to letter using the arrows, it would be a lot easier to be able to type into a search bar [like when looking for a video on YouTube and being able to type into the search bar]
Update: Most of my devices are back. Still not everything works and the app is still half baked but it's certainly improving. Only a few of my "things" actually work in the new app. Even the lamps I bought with the smartings hub don't show up.
The 3 hubs work well as wifi range extenders. We have a 3,000sq ft one story house and we now have wifi in the farthest room. I don't remember any notifications, even after we had a short black out and 2 hubs stopped working. I only noticed there was no wifi in the farthest room anymore. I unplugged them and plugged them back in. They reconnected after several minutes and all is well. I also have one Smartthings smart outlet that runs thru the Connect app so that only the one app is used rather than having to use a separate app if I had bought a non-Smartthings outlet. I love this Connect Hub. Easy to use. Good help desk at installation of the outlet. 5 stars from me!
The 2 features I used the most in the old app aren't available in the new app. The armed/disarmed switch for my door sensor doesn't appear to exist, and I no longer have widgets. I now have to open the app and wait for it to load before unlocking my door. In the old app, I had a widget for when I arrived home. I could press an icon instead of launching the full app.
Another useless app that came with this phone. I'm done with Verizon and Samsung cellphones. Cost a fortune to be downloaded with multiple useless apps and I've had enough. I own a Samsung Blu-ray and this doesn't work with it without major hastles. I'm better off just using the remotes. I don't need half the other stuff it operates.
When I perform an action during day time the app works fine but during the evening it fails. I believe the cloud servers get busy and their reply times out. The app thinks the lights are off even though they are on making it impossible to turn them off. I can solve the issue by doing a manual refresh. Solution: add more servers.
Generally packed with bloat I can't make go away, too many permissions, etc. The basic bluetooth audio source switch should be stock in the Android system. Screw all this extra app for everything garbage.
The application allows me to handle my Bluetooth connections more easily, which is currently all I use it for. Sometimes connections are lost or not made but the problem is infrequent, and I don't know if the error is caused by the application or the devices. Only just now seeing more features beyond handling what is connected to what, so this rating is very limited.
Does not allow me to access any features of the app. I have a Galaxy note 8 and the app is worthless. I've tried 3 different note 8s and nothing. However, it works on my LG G4, what's up with that? Samsung is not compatible with Samsung?
Well i used to own a Lg G4 and i could use it as a remote for my samsung tv. Its and older samsung model so its not a smart tv. No wifi and no bluetooth. But with my samsung galaxy s7. Which is a more recent phone. I can use it as a remote.. any fix to this anyone ??
I never asked for this app. I enjoy my Samsung S7 but never needed this. We want a choice to remove it.. Give us the choice to disable this junk The answer we got is not right. We want this off our phone Were not using the app to open holes in our privacy. It's a wonderful thing to not update this and now have to manually update our Samsung phones and tablets. And after all this time we still cant remove this app and we dont need it interfering with our day to day Hate it still
What happened to quick connect!? This is way worse and the integration with the pull down menu is useless because it doesn't show up until you're already connected...at which point you don't need it. Huge fail.
Buy a Chromecast, this has so many connectivity issues. You have to have Smartview, a secondary app to even get it to work right the first try 30% of the time. Samsung phone, samsung tv you'd figure no issue. Nope, ISSUES
It seems to work well enough but I am uninstalling it because it keeps covering my other apps - particularly the camera button - with no easy/cinvenient way of closing this app until I need or want it. Frustrating.
OK. I feel bad for a one star review so I'm correcting it. To mirror your phone now you must connect it in the home menu where the apps are. Not in the settings menu. Just Google it. Then use smart connect in the phones drop down window to the far right. They should have added screen mirror setup in the "get started" portion when you first set up the TV. All good now. If anyone has questions I'll try and get them answered here.
Garbage. Bugs out every time I use it. TV connects when it wants to. Washer and dryer are both labeled as Washer, and can't change them, and they never connect, so I can't control them from my phone. Would give less than 1 star if I could
Too buggy. I have a Z-Wave light switch that this app cannot connect to. However the original SmartThings classic app works with the light switch without a problem (while on the same phone). This app is no good until the bugs get ironed out.
Terrible. Samsung used to be used friendly. Why do I need an app to connect to an app to connect to another app to play music? Why do I need to go deep into my settings to connect? It used to be directly linked to the play screens on all media platforms. Do I really have to get an iphone?
AWESOME IDEA! but connecting to a new Samsung Smart TV = FAIL! worked twice out of the numerous times attempting to use it as a remote. I used another app that works better than this, crappy thing about that app, tv needs to be turned on already in order to work. This one just doesn't work. The 2 times i got it to work was great, until it capped out
This is supposed to replace SmartThings Classic? Programming automation is super clunky. I can't seem to find a place to add our phones as presence sensors. It looks flashy but doesn't do nearly the same.
This app is giving a notification badge that does not seem to go away even if i open or read notifications in this system app which is forced to keep. I have turned off every thing i.e notification, permissions and uninstalled update but the notification badge on apps icon remains there. fix this problem
It is annoying emough that the app needs access to my private information. Contacts, location etc. However it is now mandatory to allow the update full access to my microphone so it can record my conversations. Not going to happen.
The app will not connect to my new power bot from Samsung. Technical support is completely clueless about the problems with the app. I have called twice to get help connecting my power bot. The final verdict from the support representative was to wait for the app to get fixed. I have already been waiting over a week and the app is still broken. If this does not get fixed by the end of this week I will be returning my new Samsung hub and pose bot vacuum. I will not give my money to a company who makes buggy products, that are not properly supported or fixed in a reasonable timeframe.
Absolutely awful since you updated from Samsung connect to this abomination! Can't connect to me TV, says a remote needs to be downloaded and then simply closes the app. Reopen and try again and it just keeps closing - I expected better. Go back to the old version or make it available as an option.
The app used to work now all it tells me is "RemoteLock" I have powered off the unit without success. When I use the remote sometimes it works sometimes it does not. There are times when it does start cleaning the display will stay reading FULL and not provide the correct battery status. Tried to go online and that was no help. Would be nice if I could obtain any support.
I don't have any of the things this is supposed to do. Don't have a tv, or internet. I want it off my phone. Why are useless apps, forced on us? I want it gone. It's a waste of space on my phone. PLEASE make it, so I can get rid of it.
Being market leader on several products, I purchased a whole kitchen suite appliances from Samsung with all were top of the line models. I have tried connecting all my appliances using connect app, so far unsuccessful and totally disappointed. I was very impressed when I bought my family hub refrigerator and wanted to sync with my Samsung note 8(recently switched from iPhone to Samsung as many people said this app was more successful with samsung /Android based phones). So far it's been 4 months, couldn't sync with any of appliances. I am totally frustrated.
Samsung connect works great on my S7. But this thing isn't very Smart at all. I only use for Bluetooth headphones and speaker. Use Smart lock when connected to paired devices. This ruined Bluetooth on me, takes a lot longer to connect and doesn't store previously paired devices so every reconnect I have to put headset into pairing mode and reset smart lock it's ridiculous.
Just because it's a update of another pointless app, doesn't mean it's still ok to force it onto my phone Samsung! My point still stands on, why would I ever need this, when I can chose something like Google Home. Exactly the same thing with Bixby, why would anyone use it when every phone already has a better, more established voice assistant from Google? Just do what you do best, build tech, then leave it for people to do what they want with it.
Don't recall downloading this but can't seem to get rid of it. I guess Big Brother really is watching. Time to microwave my phone. Edit: I've never seen a more obnoxious Terms & Conditions page in my life.
There is no valid reason for this app to REQUIRE access my contacts TO FUNCTION and be able to connect to my TV or my washing machine or my fridge. The only reason I can see is harvesting of my personal information for sale to 3rd parties. Uninstalling the app going back to using an old fashioned remote with my Samsung TV. Samsung,.... I don't want to hear BS about needing contacts for yet another useless Samsung account. In other words stuff the useless canned reply.
my wireless headset syopped auyoconnecting for media playback. ..l.. Still the most useless app I've ever stumbled on. For all other parts I've been completely happy with a Samsung phone, but this might be the last one I ever buy. Just because you forced this app on me.
Mine doesn't have the option to enable Connect Home Pro as Smartthings Hub!!! Already talked to 2 customer supports. Both said that they can't do anything since Philippines is not supported.
I been having severe issues lately since this app uploaded and updated itself... my phone randomly crashes and now weird pop ups have started... not cool Samsung not everyone wants your apps
Excellent idea. But, the actual execution of the app is horrible. Will not stay synced whatsoever. Constantly have to quit, or pause and resume to get the voices to somewhat resync. If there was a better way for me to watch Netflix, I would do it.
The app started out great worked good on the new TV. Then for whatever reason the mirror screen likes to quit working half way through a movie on Flixster. Can't seem to add the app to the tv. Very frustrating when the phone and tv seem to disconnect, however the control on the phone will still work for the tv. Please fix this.
This app has actually made my BT devices stop autoconnecting. Its completely useless and now interfering with normal android connections on my S6. update1: tried following the steps, below before uninstalling. Same issues. Removed all BT devices. some connect, other need to manually be touched to connect. uninstalling this app fixed all auto connection issues. Update2: The app reinstalled it self and broke my auto connection. thanks ?!?!? It's bad enough getting forced bloatware, but it's an entirely new problem having it actively break your phone. Well done Samsung, well done.
I am a new smart thing user. I read the smart thing classic and this app read me notes. The company suggest to use this version instead the classic version. After a couple of tries, we found we could not add Samsung Smartthings multiple sensor and motion sensor. Then I am thinking about if the classic one works. Great news is it is working. I turned back to the version again, and found the sensors could not work only in this version. Please fix this bug.
Phone won't stay connected to bluetooth media. Instantly dropping connection every time now. Multiple galaxy s8's having the same problem since last update.
I really hope Samsung is not planning on discontinuing use of smartthings classic. Unless you are going to support custom device handlers and custom smart apps in this new app you will be losing much of your core users. Many of us will no longer be able to use your system to control our complex setups. We will have to leave ST and go to a different platform. Please Samsung... Unless you want to ensure failure of the platform make sure you continue to support all DH and smart apps from the smartthings classic app.
Absolute classic. I don't need or want this software on my phone and I cant remove it because Samsung decide what's best for my phone. Best bit is that because it needs extra permissions for camera. No chance, it's going to sit in my queue of apps that need updating. I'll look at it in my list and I'll be reminded of everything I hate in this world. This is why we can't have nice things. Ever.
None of my lights work anymore running through Nvidia Shield. Why the hell do I need online services to use local devices? When your servers go down I can't control my lights. I now remember why I don't buy your phones
Great concept, but has bugs. Cant connect smart devices such as samsung smartthings. I had it connected once but cant connect it anymore. Also really hard to connect to devices that need internet because the wifi will automatically switch to another working wifi network. I am talking specifically new devices that require you to long into them to configure there network settings.
Stupidly unnecessary switch. Nothing was wrong with the old SmartThings app. This app barely works, and half the functionality is gone. Also, what was the point of removing modes? Modes were possibly the most useful part of this app IMO. Waste of $250.
I understood the courtesy and business aspect of applying these apps to mobile devices, but I do not use several of them. That includes this one. Normally I just disable (or uninstall if I can) and forget about it. But this one cannot be disabled, and I find that irritating. Many apps like this one should be able to be disabled so that they do not consume battery, data, and ram while wastefully running in the background. *Update; Why does this app not have a disable function? These constant notifications are annoying. Please don't make me dislike your company with these passive aggressive marketing tactics.
Won't link with both my Samsung my TVs easily. Even when I have a Samsung Note8.. Don't get me wrong, this application does link my phone to both of my TVs, only that it fail like plenty of time before connecting. Sometimes fail up to 20time before connecting. Or I have swith all this devices off then back on before it connects after less fails of up to 5times.
Classic version is way more useful. New updated version but less features? No ability to track multi sensors, Dev apps cannot be added. Lost all of my content and had to reset all of my devices. Garage door won't even function.. Samsung really dropped the ball this month. Create a way to back up store this info.
This made me reset my smartthings hub, losing connection to lights, switches, etc only to connect it to this app and be entirely unable to reconnect my devices. Why break the system to force me to break all the connections I have so I can discover that I now have to reset the hub AGAIN just to go back to the original app.
To many quirks and has a tough time connecting to a lot of devices. Doesn't manage multiple devices connected well. The interface is user friendly but advanced option are hard to get to and settings are difficult to find
I keep finding bloatware to uninstall as these factory installed apps pop up completely requested and unwanted. I have this kept as the factory version with updates always refused since I'm not allowed to uninstall it from *MY* device that *I* own. Thanks for the help Samsung!
Really don't know why I got this, I didn't ask for it and I I do not want it. It want to much info into your private stuff. accounts contacts and anything private. Obeversly made me have it to get everything and anything from me and cannot do a thing about it. BAD NEWS.
Drains my s2 gear and my phone battery. Can literally watch the Power drain from the batteries. Got it to halfway stop draining power from my s2 by some reset, but still drains phone. Can't disable so I'm going to reset both and never touch the permissions in app again. This bloat-ware has to stop!!
The design and functionality is top notch, however I can't connect to any of my Samsung devices. I was told that the app doesn't support Android 8.1.0 and there is no ETA on an update to resolve the device controller issues.
This app is new and needs a ton of work. For one you have to log in on a regular basis, meaning flipping on a light takes 3 minutes. The app is not responding to the hub well at all so when you DO get logged in, the devices that are responding take as long as 30 seconds to work, and the rest do nothing at all. All my water sensors are now invalid in the app which has broken my automation, so now if my laundry tub overflows or my sump pump dies or my hot water heater leaks, I have no way to know.
Who on earth in Samsung decided that I no longer have control over when I connect to a bluetooth device and which one...This app is doing whatever on earth it wants and on top of that asks for full access to EVERYTHING including my contacts???? And i cannot uninstall it. So in conclusion, this app is software engineering rubbish, "boardroom innovation" example and above all intrusive. Please allow uninstall at least...
Cannot to get into classic or new app. As of now all the money I've spent automating my house is useless. Please get this thing fixed faster! Or at least let me go back to Classic until you work out all your screw-ups.
Don't buy these products or install this app, they force you to allow permissions that are not needed for no reason. There is no reason this app needs access to my contacts for it to turn light switches on in my house. If I choose to allow access to contacts for a given functionality then I should have that option but not be forced for no reason. Also it's limited in what smart things it can do, really only basic stuff, needs more options with different operators.
I've lost a ton of functionality with this app. The old Smart things app was much better, though the old Smart home app was basically useless. But now I can't connect to half of my smart things devices and none of my smart home devices either. Samsung has a long way to go on this app...
Can't log in with a SmartThings account. Not considerate of longtime users. If I have to reset the hub, exclude all of the devices and recreate all of the automations under a new account, I might as well look at alternative platforms.
Tried to switch from SmartThings Classic, but this app barely works. It sometimes recognizes a few of my devices, but forgets them within a day. All of my routines have to be reprogrammed from scratch. No widgets at all. Uninstalling and going back to the classic app. Really disappointed in Samsung, this is awful.
At first it never connected to my devices but then I found out it was because I had a VPN activated that prevented me to connect. I deavited the VPN and it connected.. Love the fact I can mirror what's on my phone.
Extremely limited on the brands it carries. For a company as big as Samsung you'd think they would branch out more. Disappointing.
I hate this app. If Connect takes the place of SmartThings Classic I will throw my hub in the trash and look for a replacement brand. The Classic app is superb. But this is not it!
Everything I own stopped being connected to the old app so I switched to this one and still the same problem. Nothing is connecting so now my bulbs are just really expensive normal ones.
I do not need it but unable to disable it. And with each update the app requests more and more permissions. Reply: Yes, increasing demand for required permissions. Request them not in advance but when they trully needed.
Brand new S8+ cannot connect to my smart tv no matter what time or day I try. YouTube and Netflix work instantly on all my devices and tv so I know its not my my wifi
I wish it would get off my update list. I have turned off auto updates for this app. Strangely it's not in application manager to disable which usually removes bloatware system apps from the app update list. I've updated to the Samsung S7 and it's a terrible device. In my S5 I could go into my gallery, press on a photo or video, press the screen mirror button and I could select my tv from a list of devices on the network. Using this terrible app videos won't cast at all from my gallery as the app can't find my tv. If I press smart tv it will just TRY to randomly cast to my Fire TV box, now tv box or pvr with no success. The phone has many faults but Samsung have a dreadful returns policy. If it passes a 2 minute test you're stuck with it. John Lewis would have exchanged or refunded by now. Do not use this app and if you must buy a Samsung device never buy it from one of their stores as they won't refund or exchange if your mobile is on fire!
First off, Samsum, please tell me why you enforce access to my contacts and media? I used it for my vacuum robot and it's not gonna call or text anyone. I purchased the power but R7070 and was forced to used that software as the old one doesn't work with my vacuum. OK, but removing functions in a newer version doesn't make sense at all. Also it loses connection from time to time so I have to wake the vacuum manually before I can send it to clean. Pointless!
ZERO NEED for this app. This is 73MB of space I could use for useful apps. The only other Samsung item I own is a microwave that's about 15 years old (and a Note 3). Let me delete this.
Update 3/14 login issues seem to be fixed also I noticed when adding a device it no longer says "no devices supported in your country" app is useable and nice looking aesthetically however, I'm unable to control some devices that are set to execute on cloud, this is not an issue with the classic app. I had to change some of my devices in ide to execute locally in order for them to have "actions" (like switch on and off) prior to that they were just useless blue tiles. Changing review from 1 to 4, it's a decent app (when it's working) but it would be a great app if full functionality was ported over from the classic app, this would include the ability to manage your smarthings hub in the same manner as classic ie. Add z wave devices run actions for cloud executed devices 3/12 Previous review /Just installed the update, now I'm getting "can't connect to smartthings service" also smarthings classic seems to not be working now too.. Have a feeling this is somehow linked, both were working right before this last update on 3/12, very frustrated
This app was good to start with until it was updated, it now makes my note 8 lag and keeps stopping sound or making it like the speaker is malfunctioning, with sound breaking up. This all started when I connected my phone to my new car stereo, so now I have deleted the app do to trying to connect to car instead of through phones own speaker
Not a usable platform or app yet. I hope someone wakes up to fix the issues with the device integration and orchestration. the connected ecosystem needs to come together.
Less functionality and less user friendly than the old app. This one got rolled out before it was ready. I hate when companies use the general public as beta testers.
The Samsung Smarthings app works a lot better but you have to use this app for the 3 pack wifi system. I move the same GE switch that was work to the new system and it shows up in the list but I get "network error" every time I try to turn on/off the light. Also I haven't found any advanced setting for the wifi route for dmz or port forwarding. This app needs more updates!
Ever since you have started to make the switch from the old Smart things App to this one all of my devices have network issues. I exclusively buy Samsung product so that everything plays nice together but I may be switching EVERYTHING if you can't get this resolved soon. Even my WIFI is the home connect AC1300. Literally everything in my house is Samsung product so I don't have these issues. FIX IT!!!
This app is only useful for initial connection of your device to the web. My main complaint is the settings available on the Robot Vacuum are worthless. Hoping an upgrade will make it more useful in the future.
This app get's very often glitched and it's pretty annoing. LE: The notification tray panel doesn't really works well and when you close the app it stays there even though I have my Bluetooth or wifi turned off. My Samsung Smart TV sometimes is not recognized when I am connecting my phone to it using bluetooth, but on wireless works fine (even the "turn on" button")
b"Does not show me the Remote functions!! My KS8000 is connected but no other options are available!! This is HORRIBLE, why have something that doesn't work!??!?! IM DEFINITELY UNINSTALLING THIS!!????"
I don't use this app and will not accept the permissions requested. How can it be uninstalled/deleted/disconnected or whatever so it doesn't keep turning up in my 'update all' list?
It's ok , kinda confusing. The app may be "connected" Even though devices are not
Automatic uploaded this on my phone with my update, HATE UPDATES..HATE NEW SHT ON MY PHONE I DIDN'T PUT THERE...litterally taking my freedom of choice from me,,And anybody else.. AND OF COURSE MY EARPIECE NO LONGER WORKS, SO NOW I WONT (CANT) TALK ON PHONE...CANT STAND HOLDING FLAT PLEXIGLASS TO MY FACE, don't see how anybody does it...mindless
Useless app, this app can't be uninstalled from my phone. We shouldn't be forced to having this app, it bogs down my phone. Useless !!
Half the devices I loaded don't do anything in this app. Can't turn them on or off. Useless app. Smart things is going downhill fast.
I tried to connect with my smart tv ua50ku7000r i get smart view and watch TV on mobile but the remote control it was worked for a day but now the option isn't available, i tried to delete it and pair it again even i try to add it manually with no chance
Old app worked much better. It seems like this was released without proper testing. Can't control my lights. Kind of makes it useless.
The app is clumsy and does not connect me with my vacuum cleaner very well. I hardly know how to control it....
This Bluetooth feature Could be better sometime I think u computer teks don't know how to make a ultimate phone with friendly feature a all in one phone for kids to working adults the Bluetooth setting should be optional in the music player next to the equalizer icon setting once u click it ur automatically connected if ur phone already synced to nearby Bluetooth device rather than going to the Bluetooth setting to connect direct
This app has great ideas behind it. After reading some of the reviews of others, I have to commend Samsung for having a department that passes along the ideas and issues other users havefor their apps. I'm not sure how quick they are to make efforts towards implementing said ideas or fixing said issues. But, I would like to be able to control things like lights in the house. This app isn't perfect though. There are times when I can't connect it to my Samsung smart tv (when turned off), which is the only device I have that is compatible with this app. But, it's very handy for those times when my stepdaughter loses the remote.
Significant number of my smart home devices are showing as disconnected in this app but are working perfectly well in SmartThings Classic, I'm also getting event notifications from both classic & this app with no means of turning Connect notifications off. I'm a big fan of the SmartThings platform but this app is a million miles from being at the level of the SmartThings Classic either from a usability perspective or from a UI design viewpoint
REMOVE THIS NOW FROM MY UPDATE LIST. I UNINSTALLED IT AND PUT A BLOCK ON IT. I DON'T USE IT. ITS TAKING UP SPACE THAT I NEED. ITS CAUSING MY DEVICE TO OVERHEAT. THATS WHY I REMOVED IT. PLEASE RESPECT MY REQUEST. I DONT WANT TO PRESS CHARGES BUT I WILL IF YOU DISRESPECT ME
Bloatware. I do not use it, cannot remove it. Requires unnecessary access to private data.
Dlna works when it wants to and the icon that pops up in your video player always use to be there now on these new devices unlike the note 3 and 4 where it was always there. On these new devices such as s7 s8 note 8 it only appears when it feels devices are in the area to stream to. This sucks because at one point I am streaming to my Xbox and then I want to stream something else however in the 2 seconds of switching content on my cellphone or tablet, it now does not recognize the Xbox or device. Then I have to play with it and hope that the icon will show itself again so I can continue streaming to said device. It's inconsistent and stress full.
Be careful nobody is able to guess your passwords. Or your going to be in a boatload of vulnerability problems
All the device handler's I was using do not work anymore causing many of my devices to not work... Congrats Samsung for making it a worthless product. Edit: Thanks for the info support I'll keep using the old one until this app it's updated. :-)
The latest implementation can be buggy, for example I have Samsung SmartThings and several lamp and dimmer modules, when you click on one of them it often says disconnected for up to a minute before it realizes oh hey it's there while it's working perfectly in the SmartThings app. Likewise my Samsung Smart TV can take several minutes to appear in the list when I try to cast my screen through Samsung connect
Some dumb Manager Decided "Let's improve with a rewrite/refresh" now things that previously worked don't. Good F'n Job idiot! Looking up your competitor now!
Really good. Could use some work since it glitches at times but it does what it supposed to do!
It does not support a (very expensive) Samsung TV bought in 2015. Samsung does not respect its clients. This is also obvious from the reply, as they are suggesting to check the help, where it is obvious that only tvs after 2016 are supported.
Just no. This is a non-working bit of bloatware that is not needed or wanted. More bloatware that is preinstalled and non-removable.
Being the same company as smarthings, I figured it would integrate with a smartthings hub flawlessly. It doesn't even come close. This "connect" system sucks.
This new ST app is an absolute clusterf**k. Signed into my account and there's no rhyme or reason to the devices that show up and which room they are assigned to, not to mention some rooms are missing completely. Decided I would go back to the old ST app for now but when I signed back in there, everything is gone. The only device that shows up is my phone.
Not a very robust app, sometimes getting a network error, while I'm sitting in the house. 1200 miles away it no longer saw a switch and as a remedy asked me to reset it. Weak.
This is the shittiest app ever...can never connect to the TV however 3rd party apps are able to connect without a problem. Horrible for a company like Samsung not to have a user friendly interface as simple as a TV remote!!!
Very good app however when I go to watch tv on my phone from the tv it will load work for 5 mins and then cut out. It must be a problem with the tv or app software as the Wi-Fi is no problem were I live
Why are we being told we need to migrate to this app over the old one you now call classic especially as it is not migrating data over. Wow you really are screwing us users over to help ATD when you should fix the issues like delayed alarm sensors that you promised years ago.
Not only is this app junk, it also screwed up my smart things settings and somehow this phone is now in a separate smart things location/hub. Don't release"new and improved" apps like this when they are clearly not ready for use and way worse than old version
App is useless it simply displays a splash screen with a sign on button. When you click signon it tells you you must use the Samsung web browser. I garentee not one person in the world uses that browser, which renders this app useless. I used to love Samsung products but I've already stopped purchasing Samsung phones because of the horrid bloatware and appliances because I've had nothing but problems with them and support was awful (my entire house used to be Samsung appliances). Now it seems they are going to discontinue the smart things app and replace it with this none functional app, rendering my smarthings hub, and the 84 devices linked to it, useless. Guess I'll be buying a casavera, which is a real shame. Smartthings used to be so great.
Another junk app forced on my phone that I have absolutely no use for. Can't uninstall or disable, it's just taking up space.
A little clunky to use. But once going is an excellent application.
Don't use it, not going to use it. But yet again, no option to uninstall, just like Samsung pay... Forced onto my device! Taking up space on my already almost full phone!
Very much pleased with it. I can easily watch my movies from my phone directly on my Tv screen. It literally acts as my second remote control as well especially when the kids decide to hide my Tv remote.
Loses connection to the tv, constantly. So I need to use the actual remote to 'allow' my phone to be a remote. What's the point of using it then? Extremely slow to connect or even use anything.
I am unable to sign in to my Samsung account from my Google Pixel 2XL. It takes me to a website recommending me to install Samsung internet. I install Samsung internet and I get the same webpage.
Failed Tech, connected to my new washer without issue and then won't connect to it's matching dryer?? Even worse is that it doesn't even list a dryer as an option to add, I expected much more from Samsung than this.
Rubbish. Random. Unstable. A basic requirement you would have thought for it to be of any use is that it needs to work reliably. I chose a Samsung series 6 smart TV for my mother on the understanding that my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge would connect easily with it while sharing a home wifi network. Both devices were continuously connected to the network, and their other smart functions worked without interruption. However, of all my attempts over the Christmas period to use "Smart View" it mostly failed to connect at all, and otherwise disconnecting itself randomly after a while. I managed to connect successfully while showing still photos a few times, and moving images only once. My brother-in-law's Samsung even failed to connect at all and, to my embarrassment, my sister's old Sony smartphone never had any problem at all connecting.
How to uninstall it? It is very annoying that a reminder stays there always. I wanna uninstall it, because all my Samsung devices, tv and refrigerator, stopped working in 2 years.
It was better before. When I start up, I wanna quick connect with my accessories. Since the app, I now have to go in, navigate the app, and finally, connect the accessory. It's become a process instead of making it easier.. now the app turns the volume down every time I change screens/apps.
I RELY on Smartthings for security. I've dreaded the day I'm forced to using this app. So after I've invested countless hours and dollars into Smartthings I'm forced to start over with a new app that obviously is bad enough for me to give my first 1 star. Pathetic transition from classic to "new" app.
When using this app with iphone, the welcome code is required to be input during the setup for the Samung Connect Home Pro WIFI Hub. However, it becomes an issue if the welcome code is found missing in the package when purchased. Contacted Samsung team for assistance. Its been like almost a week and they have not provide me the welcome code. Very slow n unprofessional service!
Couldn't download smartthings app on a 2 year old Samsung device, this app has less then half of the options available to you, just another reason why Samsung should quit being so much like apple
Can you stop pushing me to update this stupid app that I dont even use. What a hassle and its very annoying and useless. MINUS TEN STARS
The connect app connects to the tv but I'm not able to use the remote control features like controlling the volume etc. It's really irritate. My tv model number is UA43M5100ARLXL
Don't like the interface. Needs a lot of work. Way to many problem. Wouldn't recommend it.
Nothing but a background battery drain. Simply a giant pile of garbage. I prefer the old app and will keep using it. Big mistake with the changes.
I don't often give 1* reviews, but an app that cannot be disabled nor be edited in Apps is nothing short of parasite and adware. If we can't get rid of it, then you should.
I what this app to have a uninstall setting tells me to update afterwards I take it off my phone I don't have no use for it and I think is a waste of time having it without uninstall
Hate it. its older version quick connect was smoothly connected my samsung 5 series tv. But now updated this version not connected in my tv. need improvements.
Don't want it don't need it don't use it so stop trying to make me accept your new terms I don't have any smart TV's or anything like that
Tried 2 different Samsung Powerbot vacuums and neither will connect to my Wi-Fi with this app despite the app detecting them. Should not be this difficult. Using Note 8 phone.
Unfortunately I cannot connect my smart things hub, maybe because I am now located to Cyprus.. have no idea. So for me it is completely useless this app!!
No clue what happened, but my Smartthings app stopped working. Uninstalled it. Went to reinstall it, and noticed this Connect App was already downloaded and installed as the new smartthings app. My automations are gone, outlets not connecting, Arlo not connecting, kwikset lock not connecting, leak sensor not connecting. What is connected....Ecobee.
So far so good. Haven't started using the SmartThings hub yet but the Ac2600 router side is awesome and very stable with great coverage throughout the home. Liked having the ease of use of an app to monitor my smart home devices and now the main router hub too!
Cloud issues. Goes down for long stretches while other hubs are still up. Not good for security. Also, no longer supports its own damn TVs.
So far not had any problems. I use it to connect to my Samsung TV, S3 watch and Gear IconicX - always connects - always finds devices - with the IOT taking off it makes sense for samsung to create a "Hub" to easily access such devices.
Completely useless. Mandatory to create an account, but will not allow me to do so unless I download and install the Samsung browser and make it my default. Waste of time. Uninstalling.
Home Monitor functionality has been removed. Half of my sensors show as disconnected all of the sudden and the classic app won't connect to my hub anymore. Update: In response to Samsung's reply, none of the issues have been fixed at this time. Home Monitor functionality is still not present in this new app. Additionally, the new SmartThings (Samsung Connect) App still shows most of my connected devices as offline. However, if I open the old app, which thankfully started working again a few days ago, I see all of those sensors. Manipulation of the devicesin question show that they are reporting and operating correctly per the old app. This leads me to believe there aren't any issues with any of my devices or my SmartThings hub, but rather this new Samsung Connect app.
W.T.F. DID YOU DO TO THE SMART THINGS APP. Fix this Samsung. NOW. Lights no longer turn on via Google home voice commands. Lights show "on" in the all but are off. Smart plug requires long ogres to activate, and then spins "working" after it's been switched on/off. FIX. THIS. NOW.
So far so good. Just a small hiccup on setup had to restart it but it resumed right from where it stopped. No Problems So Far.
Connection lost frequently, app cannot find new Samsung dryer. App also makes it very lengthy to add new samsung smart home washer...pretty disappointed.
Apparently because their site was optimized for specific browsers, it doesn't allow it to even attempt loading in anything else. My default is Chrome Beta. No, I will not change my default browser to normal Chrome just to sign into your app... It's one thing to warn users about potential issues because of the browser. Another thing entirely to block access. You are not a special snowflake. Other apps manage to work without issues... Spend some time on quality-control and usability testing... EDIT: Six months later and they still have the same issue... Insane. They really need to hire better developers...
Has trouble turning on un65mu8000 series of TV once it has been turned off, also has idiosyncratic connection drops with the TV once on that other remotes do not suffer.
Absolute garbage since the transition from classic. I am appalled at the horrible nature of something like this put out by Samsung. More like an alpha testing project from someone's basement.
Generally pretty good and relatively easy to use. Have had to uninstall and reinstall a couple of times as it stopped connecting/ working hence only 4 stars...
I don't have any other Samsung devices besides the phone and the Bluetooth. WHY is this app not on that can be disabled? It's taking unnecessary space for something I don't use.
Awful. Cant control my tv with alexa. If a remote works on wifi. Then its. mooooree than possible. Typical samsung making it so you have to use their products
It finds Samsung vacuum, but I cannot use it. App opens a page "Select country" and freezes. Cannot connect to Samsung fridge.
Most inconsistent app I've ever used, some days it connects just fine to my Xbox one, other days it can't even find it....
The connect panel does not show in the lock screen / pull down menu EVEN if it is turned on and set to "always show" Missing the functionality of audio output switch badly...
I can no longer connect to my Samsung smart tvs. The quick connect launch doesn't appear either.
U forced me to install this app and it drains my battery in 2 Hours. Couple of hours when my battery used to last 2 days. I have no use for it. PLS TELL ME HOW TO DELETE THIS APP SINCE IVE TRIED EVERYTHING TO GET RID OF IT WITH NO SUCCESS..AND DONT TELL ME U WILL JUST PASS MY MESSAGE ON. GUESS WHAT? THAT DOESNT HELP!!
If I could give it a zero I would...cannot delete a device. Cannot integrate with other samsung products and apps but I am forced to use it. So I was asked for more...I initially purchased a Samsung Smartthings Hub and peripherals, and was quite happy with them, using the Smartthings App. So I thought about a robot vacuum, and decided to get the "Smartthings compatible" one from Samsung....Well, not really, The vacuum must use Samsung Connect, which I cannot get to talk to the Smartthings Hub unless I totally re-register, and I assume lose all the work I have done. On top of this, The vacuum has lost its connection to my WiFi router, and cannot reconnect. I thought that maybe if I deleted it from the Samsung Connect App, I could re-add it...but there does not appear to be any delete function...apparently nothing ever breaks. So as I see it now I have a vacuum that does not work, because it needs the wifi, but i cannot get it to work because of the app (which I think only works on phones - lest we try to use a real device) Updated 1/16/18, still horrible. This is the only way to unify my Samsung smart devices (all samsung brand). And this interface has significantly less functionality than the smartthings interface. Also no guidance on what the Samsung road map is....
The app works well, however I cannot use it with my AC AR9000 even though I managed to connect it. When I try to control the AC the app freezes.
Works good sometimes it gets hung up. I live out in the country and I do not have cable. I use this to broadcast directly from my phone to my TV.
Everyone i know switched to apple products because of the forced apps. I have no use for this app,and i cannot remove it. I will never buy another samsung
Ever since I updated this app my bluetooth won't play any media through my car. Very frustrating. Will be going back to Apple this year.
it's not working with my note 8 very well... worked great with my old note 5. I hate that.
I am not able to mirror onto my tv I was able to link my mobile device to my tv before and now it tells me an error occured everytime I try to link them.
Overly complicated. Useless. Nothing but problems. They turned such a simple process into a nightmare
I have a Samsung TV. Get an error message when trying to use the remote. It used to work just fine
Server farm is back up but don't bother, this app is horribly slow. "Status updating...". Seriously Samsung? How long do you expect me to wait?
I can get it to start without giving access to my location, contacts, and pictures. Frankly, I shouldn't have to share all of that just to turn my lights on.
I'm fed up of Samsung demanding unnecessary access for it's unremoveable apps. This will be my last Samsung device.
I would like to suggest this Samsung Connect pop pup on screen whenever devices already connected via bluetooth or make widget on home screen with show battery bar
It only works 1 out of 10 times. If I have the latest samsung phone and the latest samsung TV should it not work everytime
Had the old smart things app that worked perfectly. This one fails to turn on and off lights 50% of the time
need to give a ZERO right now. you combine connect and smarthings, updated the and now i have NO control. Cannot connect to Smartthings server
Siri much smarter then that, very complicate to setup, i thought i could ditch apple but for my lights i still need my ipad
Does not integrate well with Google Home, and it's driving me freaking mad trying to get this POS app to work.
Update broke support for controlling $600 powerbot vacuum. Samsung support says features may be discontinued at any time. Terrible attitude towards customers.
Used to be worth 5 stars, ever since update, it's mirroring my tv for 5 seconds and disconnecting after leaving a pixelated image. Will update to 5 stars when fixed.
Useless garbage! This app not only doesn't work but it also stopped the smartthings app working and introduced authentication issues to my note 8, wasting hours of my time trying to simply get my home hub working again. I find it hard to believe that Samsung investe millions in developing state of the art technology and chose to completely undermine thier brand by releasing this type of untested garbage into the public domain. Samsung should be ashamed of themselves, when you chose to inconvenience your customers don't be too surprised when they loose trust in the brand.
Doesn't show options on motivation And I have tok tap to select it or go to Bluetooth so doesn't help me in anyways
In the future of Smart and Connected devices Samsung is setting itself up for success with amazing app that makes it easy to have one hub for all things in your Smart Home... love the interface and everything about this app. Coupled with Bixby on the new Galaxy devices and you have a formidable choice to use your voice to control everything in the house... especially the Quick Command option that lets you do something akin to IFTTT functions e.g you can turn off the lights, set the security system to on and put your phone on silent with a simple "Goodnight" Quick Command setting. So cool
Very useful app, I like the fact that it's compatible with other brands like Sony. It works perfect with both my Sony Tv set and BD player!!
. Device settings suck you guys don't offer any capabilities or any options to control the devices which makes it extremely irritating
Monitoring devices on network would like more detail. Controlling devices while they are connected has me go manually disconbect device first. So if kid computer is on net and i want to use the option that give you time slots when access is permissable, if kid already on network i have to go find kid/computer, shut machine off, then Ss Connect lets me change the Restrict Usage Time settings ;(
Does not shows the options to cast samsung TV sound to mobile..in samsung TV manual it states that your mobile must have quick connect for this..why quick connect is removed..annoying
Used to be able to connect to my bush tv. It was flawless but after the update it doesn't connect anymore. Really disappointed as I loved the feature.
Don't use and I don't want it on my phone but I can not uninstall IT. Waste of space. PLEASE LET ME UNINSTALL IT!
Similar to another app, it's installed on my tablet but I did not give consent for it. It takes up MY storage that is limited and I don't have any use for this app. I don't remember it being installed when I first got my tablet. I think it's wrong to have it forcefully installed with no way to delete it without rooting my device and becoming susceptible to viruses.
I have been using the app for sometime now mainly for watching what is on our samsung UHD tv on a galaxy s7 or visa versa. I have not used the remote facility of the app so not able to comment. It's great when we use the video calling on the galaxy s7 when seeing the grandchildren as we can see them on the Samsung tv. Great app, have not had any issues with it so far.
This is MALWARE. DO NOT INSTALL IT. SAMSUNG IS IN COLLUSION WITH THE DEEP STATE. #MAGA
It sucks. Takes multiple tries to connect. I'm surprised the average is as high as 3.6 stars. It's disconnected itself AGAIN! SUCKS!
Bland, limited functionality when compared to smartthing. Limited device and access to device information. Cannot add smartthing as hub without calling Samsung.
Quick conect was very good and was useful to connect mobile with any tv. But this version does not work with any tv. Bring quick connects feature in this new version also.
Continuous crash from screen mirroring....come on guys do you even test these updates before you put them out?
Constantly losing connection. Can even watch a full movie using Smart View. Good idea but works horribly
Hate IT. I can not delete this damn app. I did not ask for it. I do not want it. Delete from my phone damn it.
Waste of space! It doesn't read or detect any of my Samsung TV's so it's pretty much useless.
WHY can I NOT uninstall or at least DISABLE something I will NEVER use? Why would I want to continue to update an "app" which requires increasing permission when I DON'T EVER use NOR PLAN to ever use it?
Pain in the butt. Troublesome.I don't have WiFi, the phone keeps going in and out of Samsung attempting to connect to anything is sees on WiFi and then for some reason resets everything. I have a J& perx on virginmobile, Garmin vivioactive HR, Thermostat sound, lights and t.v.. the timing of activities resets when it tries for Wifi. and for some reason does not remember items and re searches for them resetting all my timing. not sure why, I have to reprogram it every few days.
Good design and concept but the app is buggy. Some things show as on when they aren't, some things show as disconnected.
Can't get it to work. I get to 99% and then it comes back with, couldn't add device - something went wrong...
This is terrible. Nothing works like it should. I can't see the map or set the auto schedule for my vacuum.
Cant even detect my 2012 samsung tv, also it looks like only can control appliances of samsung n not zwave compatible products. Cannot also add or detect other zwave products
Ok, so I can connect my fridge and my dishwasher, but can't do anything useful when connecting to my car.
Much slower than the Smartthings Classic app that it replaced. Device status updates seem to be very laggy and inconsistent.
Rubbish and cant get rid of it the app even states its not optimized for my device still cant get rid of it
S8 phone and Samsung series 5 tv connected but no tv remote controller has appeared on my phone . I've been trying to sort this out for several hours and have lost patience with it Grrr
Why not allow us to download our own things don't force your monopoly on me
I'm trying to add my 2016 samsung TV on my Gear S3 on this same app on my watch and it won't ad, but this app works well with my samsung Note 8. Please help.
It keep switch between devices even though i disconnected it from the other device. Then app shutsdown
It's a cool app, I just think it's a huge problem if I can't disconnect from a device if I don't unpair or turn off Bluetooth.
Works for bluetooth devices but I'm continually turning off the status for a Bluetooth watch and it turns itself back on, reported to Samsung who said they'd reply in 48 hours...no reply 3 months later.
This app is no different than a virus I tried to unistall the app and it's impossible.I own this phone and I don't need this app continually trying to update.
loved the first version when it came standard on the updates screen .. then my phone updated and it went away, took me a few months to find put how to get it back on my updates screen, still very handy but could run smoother
I dont like the cartoon look. I want to go back to Smartthing Classic App. None of my automation from Smartthings Classic app is showing up in this cartoon app. My voice commands from IFTTT stop working since they force this cartoon app.
App is confused. I have a family hub refrigerator. When trying to view it the app indicates it need to install a controller. After agreeing it says it needs to update connect and launches playstore which shows i have the current version. My stove times out at 92% every time. Both in an endless loop
Few bugs here and there but works well and they have already fixed the bugs i was noticing. Just wish I could add blutooth devices to my home list.
This is yet another piece of Samsung garbage that they claim they are unable to remove. Samsung customer service is the WORST.
Does not connect to Powerbot vacuum - stops at 53% then errors out, consistently. In the app when you go to HELP, there is not a Report a Pronlem option.
Works most of the time. When it does it's excellent. Sometimes it stops recognizing the device, which can be very frustrating.
Very buggy. Constantly disconnecting if it connects at all to Powerbot vacuum Update: support/development team reached out for bug logs to help. surprisingly responsive
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON???? I am unable to get anything to work and the other version is not working... there was nothing wrong with the "classic" version and I don't appreciate all this confusion. Nothing is working in my house that is connected and I'm pissed....
As a Smartthings user for the last few years this app is appalling. I've just installed a separate second system and it is unusable. Way to go Samsung. Really sticking it to your users now.
It's ok, but would be a a lot better if I had more samsung appliances to connect to it. If Samsung would like to send me a smart tv and washing machine I would be happy to give a much better 5* review :)
b'for some reason the remote only controls my brand new tv sometimes and its usually only for a few seconds then it says my tv is disconnected. so for that reason, im out. ??'
It's confusing, I use the smartthings monitoring and now my alarm sounds when I come home. This app lacks detailed tutorials on the security portion.
I just got a new S7, and have been trying to connect to a Bluetooth device and the phone can't detect it. I connect to my Bluetooth device every day with my S8. After reading the reviews, now I know why ... the app does not work.
Samsung won't let me disable or turn off. It auto installs or is part of bloatware. It won't stop giving a red "1" notification. I'll notify blogs, websites to not use. Stop with notifications.
For some reason these app does not support 2015 model anymore. It use to work with my smart tv UN65JU6500 NOW does not work at all.
Doesn't always connect. A lot of turning off and on the app. Sometimes losing connection for no reason at all and cannot reconnect. Not Samsung's best work
Pointless notifications, difficult to disable and i never use it. I hate forceful apps
Short site app connection issues limited intergration to whole house items like alexa love the rolling pictures. A major update and change of strategy would do wonders for it
b"This splendid little application has not only made connections amongst my devices seductively simple but also made me feel less alone in my cupboard under the stairs where the Dursleys have put me... Hogwarts soon anyhow !!!!???? - who needs an app when you've got a wand - FLICK AND SWISH"
Didn't work for Android until recently. I use it for a Powerbot vacuum. Wish it would layout a floorplan so it could clean selected rooms. Otherwise,it's a clean app.
Why do we suddenly need a two part notification??? I liked the one that had my Gear on it with the battery but why do I need one that says Samsung connect too? Get rid of it!!!
Not like smartthings app. What happened to plugins and arm/disarm system. Also now i have two homes, one of which i cant delete
Permissions are completely unacceptable for how I use the app and if I disable then the app will not launch. The old app no longer connects to my devices.
Some connectivity issues are present sometimes but samsung works consistently to improve them. I can see the difference
I used to be ae to watch my ty on my phone, just pull down from of the screen and click watch tv on phone. NOW I CAN'T thanks Samsung
There is next to no support for devices that worked with the classic app. But hey, atleast I can control my tv again. No nest support. No Google home. No wemo. I can't even add a smartthings hub.
Not ready for prime time. Huge step back from smartthings app. The writing is on the wall... Time to look for a new smarthome controller. UPDATE: I CAN'T EVEN UNINSTALL IT.
Out of all 4 appliances and a couple TVs, I cannot add my double oven? (Which cost the most btw) Help?
Every time I select my washing machine it just goes to a blank screen
One of the useful features I've used. Makes connecting to devices so easy. No more tapping through settings!
Does not connect to my Samsung tv. Crashes constantly. Poor instructions. Only using it because the old app to sync my phone and tv has been discontinued.
Cannot connect to most devices that smartthings has no problem with it must be a early beta. Not ready for general use
Im having trouble turning my tv on. After i turn it off with the app and disconnect my phone from the network and then trying to turn my tv on it wont work
Worked a couple of times then stopped. It seems to connect to the TV but does not turn the TV off or on or adjust volume
View tv on phone option ; with note 8 Got black screen for some seconds an disconnect from tv !!!!
Very buggy and incomplete supporting only 1 of three appliances just purchased.
Not sure sure if it's my phone messing with me or what but it disconnects and sometimes my audio cuts off while music is playing
This app stinks. Does not work and cannot be uninstalled. Bloatware.
This apps cannot be uninstalled or disabled. It landed after an OS update. This apps is not core for the phone but is a gadget app. This is bloatware by Samsung. This approach sucks.
All kinds of problems getting this to work with Samsung 2016 and 2017 TV's.
A good app. Took me a while to figure out how to project from my phone to my Sony TV. Consistently works now.
App requires access to my contacts, for no good reason.
Feature is awesome when able to connect. App works on and off with model UN65JU6500 Samsung device. Would get 5 stars if model shows back up in compatible devices, and works again.
App can never connect to any of my devices. I always have to do it manually. Mainly try to use it for robot vac and smart TV.
Sluggish to turn on/off my bulbs, but i like the app interface
Doesn't even support new Samsung tv's UN65MU8500. No smartapps like the classic version. Do we need to dump Smartthings and find a new home automation platform?
Great work Samsung, but I think "Samsung Connect" was a more professional name. SmartThings just sounds more like baby talk than something you would find on a high-end smartphone.
Once my TV's shut off I have to physically go and turn them on. The app only works when the TV is on.
Cant let the notification signal didappear unless I update the app. Annoying.
In earlier version we were not required to have a Wi-Fi network now with this upgrade it is difficult to activate and work on andriod
Thanks goodness Samsung is smart that they're consolidating the system into into One app, looking forward to that transition very soon as they promise.
Nothing will connect now! Constantly says "checking status..." of all the devices. Rebooted the system several times now and nothing.
It doesn't automatically connect to my car radio but does with other accessories and from time to time will disconnect and reconnect
Not anywhere near as good as SmartThings. I can't believe i went to this thinking it was going to be better. Its total garbage.
All My Smart things v2 Hub config migrated Automation far better like wink.Long but aeon energy meter shows but not the energy consumption.But in classic it Works.
No SmartThings compatibility and this is now the only way I can remotely control my TV by automation. Very poor replacement.
So Samsung has once again reinvented the wheel just to make it worse. Leaving out the fact that this whole app is redundant, I would be content to forget it was on my phone, unable to be uninstalled, if it weren't for the fact that it's constantly telling me it has 1 new notification. They're is nothing of any meaningful value in this app to begin with and everything approaching an alert has been cleared but still it persists. Screw you Samsung.
Had to uninstall kept opening its self up in back ground thinking I wouldn't know.
I would go back to smartthings if they made a controller that we local only for all devices and if this app supported nest thermostat, nest cameras, nest security, nest Yale lock, nest smoke detectors and nest sensors. I'll stick to Homeseer!
Update broke the app. Keeps saying my SAMSUNG tv is off even though im watching it. Now unusable.
I don't use it. Why is it on my phone installed by default I don't know
I don't own any compatible devices, but because I bought a Samsung phone I'm stuck with this.
Don't want this on my phone. I don't use it and it drains the battery. Please let us have the option to uninstall...since it is MY phone.
Doesn't stay connected in my truck,media play seems to never work when I want to to
Good concept, but it's not great if it doesn't work with other Samsung devices pooor pooor, makes me so frustrated
Works quite well. The lag is occasionally an issue.
It takes 2 attempts to connect every time. It also takes 15 to 30 seconds to either connect or fail.
New app, still requires proprietary browser to log in. Also, why is it asking for all these permissions before I've even logged in? Nope. Nope, nope, nope.
The app always says disconnected or network error. I expect more and I regret getting the app
Get your bloatware off my phone Samsung!
Bug on bug and lost connection every 10 seconds.
5 stars until today. App is not working with my phone or alexa. Also needs to support liftmaster myq products
Can't even log in without the Samsung Internet app. So can't even log in without a Samsung device with it set to default. So SmartThings is a brick out of the box
Another software dump. Unwanted app, please give me the option to remove it!
Some button pressing problems ... a few delayed turn on' s it may be my internet but this is super Convenient
Many problems and issues with the connection between phone and smart tv
This app is OK, but there's a lot of functionality from the Smartthings classic app that isn't present in this app. I hope Samsung don't intend to retire the old app without migrating the full functionality to the new one.
Product probably ok but the appliances don't always seem to be willing participants.
Very bad. No 24 h time format, no clear history, trouble with connection.
I would rate it lower but it was not an option it is the worst TV remote app I have ever experienced in the every way
b"Awesome works Well. Lot of people I know really like it & there Samsung's, some people just like to winge about things they don't understand. Thanks Samsung.\xe2\x98\xba"
Too many permissions, too invasive.
My TV not connected with my Samsung galaxy S8
Having trouble with this app, when connecting to my stereo to play music, it connects buy then plays the music out of the phone and not through connected device, any help appreciated
When the "View TV on phone" option is on, I can't turn the TV black or silence the TV sound with my phone. BIG MINUS
So slow sometimes doesnt even load
I like the products but find tyhe app a little difficult to use.
Works on everything except my un60f6350 model but a third part remote works on it hmmm fix this samsung
Does not work, can never connect to smart things. Not too smart
Another stupid app Samsung pushes onto users
Can this answer why galaxy note 5 is so slow to connect data connection?
This app is terrible. Are you kidding me?
horrible, none of the automatons on classic app works w/ the new one. back to the classic one.
It's a fast app connects quickly but, the thing which should be improve is that it should close Bluetooth automatically as it get close or when user disconnect the link.
If you have to keep resetting that is not automation. It's a second job.
Disconnects every 10 seconds. Very annoying.
Huge compatibility issues with Samsuns Series 6 tvs. Fix it asap!
This is taking up 50 mb on my phone and i never had to use it once. F00k off
It's easy to use but can be a little fickle in connecting to the same device. Sometimes have to delete and reconnect.
TV connection is flakey. TV navigation controls in app in a scroll view is an awful idea.
It is pretty easy to use and love how it gives you tips on what else it can do. I honestly have nothing I can compare it too though.
Easy to use, worked flawlessly using my Samsung S7 Edge phone & Samsung Table, with my older Samsung Plasma TV and my newer Samsung Smart TV.
Sometimes doesnt connect but other than that its wonderful!
Darn thing doesn't work half the time
The interface itself could use some minor tweaking, but otherwise an absolutely great app. Definitely my go to when I cant find my remote
I have to go into Samsung connect and connect it manually. If it's already paired it should come on automatically it's a smartphone
Not able to connect to my samsung tv. Only some times
Why do you need my address book? App just closes without the contacts permission.
More memory in my new phone stolen while I charged it. No permission was given to add this... what the hell! Updated this review today, but still one star because I can't give it zero stars. Months later now and the app is now wanting to add more updated version (which I still don't need) to my overweight bloated phone. Go ahead and piss off your customer's Samsung. Play fair for a change and let the customer decide for a change if they need an app. Quit force-feeding us stuff we don't want or need. Offers are welcome, but forcing a app is poor business practic. What happened to the old saying, "The customer is ALWAYS right"??? I paid full price for this unlocked phone and I should have the right to not have stuff added to it that I don't need. This is a great way to insure my next phone won't be Samsung. I bought an expensive phone to prevent the bloatware. Please Samsung, if you are not going to stop adding junk at least give us the option to delete this stuff if we don't need it. I get VERY suspicious of ANY app that forces itself on me. Tonight when you go to sleep, I hope your car dealership attaches a huge trailer to your car, puts 4 truck tires in the your trunk that you can't ever remove, then you wake up to three ovens added to your kitchen stove, and an extra 6 showerheads mounted all over your house and three screaming, untoilet trained, toddlers that you must now raise, house, feed, and educate. What? You never asked for all that. Tough, you have no choice. You have to keep it all. What? No room for it all and those three screaming children. Too bad, guess, you'll just have to buy a new bigger home to house it all and take on a 2nd and 3rd job to pay for it all. Not my problem. My next phone will never be from such a pushy company, I just need a simple phone that won't annoyed me with constant updates that are useless to me and apparently 50% of the other Samsung smartphone owners who bothered to respond with comments about this update being worthless to them too. To those of you who have it, like it, and use it, good for you but just wait until you wake up tomorrow morning and your little car's trunk is full of truck tires that you must keep, good luck with your now extremely poor gas mileage. Whoever from Samdug (yes, that's not a spelling error) who cares that you will pass on our complaints. Just don't tell us you are sorry we are unhappy, DO SOMETHING positive and LISTEN to your customer's for once. Or perhaps your customer's will disappear and go to a company who will.
The control of my Samsung Q7 4k TV is very easy with this APP. The TV was shown without me having to do anything. Selecting the TV shows a controller on the APP which looks very similar to the remote control that comes with the TV.
Grunding tv here, very bad connection.
I use it, works for a minute then stops mirroring the video.
Too many devices / TVs not supported.
Bad, not working, download did not complete note8 to many downloads.
Will not stay connected. Connect and it drops within a few seconds. Useless.
Can't get rid of it, never wanted it. Edit: then let me get rid of it!
Hard to use. Have to set up every month.
How to combine all my lights and control them under one group? For example: Controling the color of all lights all at once. Plus where is that marketplace I keep hearing people on the internet talking g about? Do I need to download load another app for that? I'll update my rating based on the answers, thx
Samsung link was better!!! Air view, hot keys.... new isn't always better
It's perfect for my needs. I just wish it had a track pad so I can navigate through my TV screen... But other than that. I love it
b'Easy to use , but no device battery life for my Beats\xc3\x97 wireless earphones...??'
I love this app, I use it everyday. In fact it is one of the top 10 of my favorite things about samsung phones.
Verry poor surch system verry forgetfull
The app is useful for controlling my TV but the control doesn't show in the notifications any longer. That was my favorite feature. Please fix. A5 2016
Why cant I disable this stupid app each time I go into Walmart is trying to connect to the TVs
Pointless app, connected my tv as prompted, then nothing?? Just nothing
Crashes trying to log in with my brand new robot vacuum
Bloatware that I can't delete. Can't even turn off updates.
Only works for Samsung soundbars. Worthless for any other soundbar.
Forces you to set the Samsung browser as the default browser. Crooked ethics.
I dont know what people are talking about , im using this app for my samsung 7 series and it works perfectly , 5 stars no doubt.
Why does this app need to access my location and contacts in order to work, and what are you doing with this information ? Is this app spyware ?
I hate this app and I cannot uninstall it.
An app I don't want had to be updated and given more permissions to be hidden but not disabled.
Does not work properly for smartthings. Most devices are unavailable
Absolutely terrible. Selling all of my SmartThings devices
Too many permissions needed and a sketchy privacy policy.
b"All the how to guides and user stories are in German. I'm English and live in England. Why is it all in German. Gunna try a reinsta\xc4\xbal"
This app is the opposite of intuitive. I will continue to use the "classic" app.
It was awesome, then it won't let me play multiple devices at the same time.
cumbersome. too many permissions.
Very easy to use from the drop-down. Happy I could rename my devices. Sometimes takes a bit of time to connect.
Very useful. Makes connecting to my most used bluetooth devices very easy.
Since the upgrade really messed my smart things hub up
After latest update, when iam listening music on my bluetooth home theatre, sound unexpectedly shifts to phone speakers while phone is still connected to bluetooth.
Lots of bugs, auto disconnects Bluetooth speakers.
Constant disconnect. Shows the same device twice, one wont connect and is the *main connection*
Not very stable.. doesn't work will times
GE Fridge door stayed open all night. The app didn't notify me. I can't delete the app. Why do I have it? Can't connect to PS4
Fix the stupid lost connection bug
I am trying to connect..via mobile phone..both Samsung...2017 devices...and it shows black screen during smart view...
Feels like your spying... and I can't uninstall.
Is this app only for Samsung appliances. I think that other brand's appliances should also be compatible with this app. Such a modification would make this app extremely good
Useless and I want it off my phone!
I love how my tv and headphones are all in this app ready to use and especially the tv remote cause I always lose my remote control so defenetly very helpful
Airways buggy. Sometime screen mirror didn't appear at all. Often doesn't connect. Oftentimes I can't use remote. It sucks. But works occasionally for some stuff.
POS. It's supposed to replace the SmartThings Classic app but will not let me add my Wemo or SONOS devices.
Bloatware. Don't force me to install.
Perfect but the software is not user friendly and we should know how to use it. Thanks
Please I want to connect two Bluetooth devices at once and also play a sound at a same time in two Bluetooth devices
Very slow and many times fail
More bloatware that can't be removed or disabled.
Can't rotate view TV on phone, meaning I can't use my Samsung S cover stand. Pls help/fix.
Bloatware, shame on you Samsung!
It is using around 20% of the battery even if I have never used the app. Please make it possible to disable this app.
Waiting until May, I think Samsung will have something to explain in regards to GDPR. Login doesn't work
Doesnt work with my s7 edge
Inconsistent breaks often for no apparent reason
What happened?! It won't mirror screen anymore. Not very happy with my Samsung "smart" tv or this Samsung connect.
Makes it easy to connect to all my Bluetooth devices. I have 8 on there.
Useful way to manage audio on my phone - I can switch between my Bluetooth headphones and phone speakers, without unpairing anything
At least get the upgrade right if you won't let us disable this
I luv it. It doesn't play the movie on my phone just my tv so I can respond to text at the same time
I am generally pleased with this. This makes connecting with my Bluetooth devices and my career as a youtuber a lot more easier! :)
garbage app, the old one was smooth this one doesn't do anything. all my devices are not working now
The app is constantly crashing when I y to open the smart remote.
It doesn't always connect as simple as it is
Connecting to a Samsung TV doesn't work
b'I like being able to link several devices, the tv mirror casting is good too. Thumbs up ????'
The best way to connect various Bluetooth speakers available so far.
Doesn't always connect phone properly
You must download this app right NOW!!!
Occasionally when I connect my headset it connects to the phone audio but not to media and I have to manually adjust it.
b'Kullanm\xc4\xb1yorum, durduk yere wi-fi bluetooth falan a\xc3\xa7\xc4\xb1yor.'
It's nice but would be nicer if it opened at the same time is everything else as opposed to waiting a second after everything else
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd9\x87 \xd9\x88\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb8\xd8\xa7\xd9\x87\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7 \xd8\xa8\xd9\x87 \xd9\x85\xd8\xb4\xda\xa9\xd9\x84 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87. \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2 \xd8\xaa\xd9\x84\xd9\x81\xd9\x86 \xd9\x86\xd9\x85\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb4\xd9\x87 \xda\x86\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb2\xdb\x8c \xd9\xbe\xd8\xae\xd8\xb4 \xda\xa9\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf. \xd8\xa7\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb5\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84 \xd9\x85\xd9\x88\xd9\x81\xd9\x82 \xd9\x86\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa.'
It does not find my Samsung tv to use the remote my tv model is UA32J5500ASXNZ this app is of no use if it can't connect my tv
Why Do I need this? It's constantly running? Please explain why I need this? I thought my phone would still connect to Bluetooth without this app?
Have no need for this app and I cannot delete or disable it
Its beautiful apps whatever we do not have any smart tv at home.but its awesome
Great app at what it does. But 'Smart Things'? Not too sure about that name...
poor design, continuously crushing
Well it's a little complex but ima look more inside the app.
Never connected after the first time
Not working with Samsung smart tv
Requires too much interaction... Should just connect to my car Bluetooth, why do I need to confirm it?
b'\xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2\xd8\xb4 \xd9\x84\xd8\xb0\xd8\xaa \xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd9\x85 \xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb4 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7 \xd9\x88 \xd8\xb3\xd8\xa7\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84 \xd8\xba\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2 \xd8\xb3\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xd8\xb3\xd9\x88\xd9\x86\xda\xaf \xd9\x87\xd9\x85 \xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xda\xa9\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf'
This is Useful , can stream any available content to the big screen. Going to be my go to app now , easier than Google home.
For who wants preinstalled apps gone from their phone just Root ur phone
I want it off of my phone! Stop making apps for people to use to hack your prodcts!
Would be nice if I can delete this application
Wish it would stop connecting to other peoples TVs. I can't make one default
Perfect app when you can't find your remote because my phone is always in my hand 99% of the time
Great app, mostly using like remote and for watching tv on phone if I'm in the other room.
when our works its great but a quarter of the time is doesn't connect properly.
When it works it is good, but then phone wont reconnect. And why no screen shot options?
Not very good. At all.
Needs some updates. One minute I can connect with all functions working and then the next time only half of them work
Have only tried streaming movies from Galaxy 8 to Samsung TV and works very well
Half the features don't work
thank you can you please bring 1080 screen resolution for galaxy s6 next update
Why the samsung connection in A8 2018 don t recognise old tvs from 2010 or 2011... and the samsung connection on note 3 recognise it.
Why is this always self installing on my phone?? The ONLY "Smart" Samsung item in my home is a TV from 2011..
It is the only app that doesn't connect and that is it's sole purpose.
very buggy and constantly loses connection with Smart Hub
A must have for anybody owning Samsung devices and dancing smart things
If it stopped defaulting my audio output to an unknown device that'd be great.
Ever since I loaded this app, when I turn on the TV with the remote, there is no sound.
Can't control vacuum with Oreo 8.1. Had to use wife's phone with 8.0 to do anything.
I like it its been very useful so far
It's the best I've ever had I recommend it to antibody
Good app easy to use. Thank you for the app and it is free.
Only works with tv half time and won't connect to samsung sound bar.
It just takes up TOO MUCH space on my phone. I have better ones that I prefer.
ask too many permissions
Damn handy to have all that control in the same place
It can not use with air conditioner. But S6 s5 s4 can use . Fix this!
Still don't want it. Still can't get rid of it.
Samsung is a Galaxy up ahead of the rest.
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd9\x86\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xd9\x87 \xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xdb\x8c \xd9\x87\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa.\xd9\x88\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7 \xd8\xaa\xd9\x84\xd9\x88\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb2\xdb\x8c\xd9\x88\xd9\x86 lg\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8 \xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa \xd9\x86\xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb4\xd9\x88\xd8\xaf'
Washer will connect, but my matching dryer will not. Do any dryers work with this app.
Very useful and helps track everything in one place.
Samsung has me really excited about the possibilities of their technology. It's really fascinating to see how far technology has come.
Switches don't work.
Barely ever works on my Samsung TV anymore.
Where is DHT support????? Why do I use this app over the classic smartthings when the new one don't support the custom devices?
Turns Wi-Fi off and on without permission and no way to prevent this.
This works well and seamless, once you have taken the time to figure out uses.
Why release an app if you are not ready to migrate user to the new app?
Had to use another app for mirroring. Worked at 1st but doesn't now.
Only thing missing is to be able to turn on the TV everything else is perfect thanks
Just doesn't work.
Crashes and devices loose connection
Never Had a good connection
Connection breaks very often
I don't need to "monitor every device all the time".-I'm not Google!
I can really connect to 70 tv's as I pass a Wal-Mart or hotel ....what I always wanted thx
To much brain pollution
So easy apple products should be jealous
This is app sucks it only works on my tv 5 % of the time
b'\xd9\x85\xd9\x86 \xd9\x85\xd8\xaf\xd8\xaa\xdb\x8c \xd9\x87\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa \xda\xa9\xd9\x87 \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xd9\x81\xd8\xa7\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87 \xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xda\xa9\xd9\x86\xd9\x85 \xd9\x88 \xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb6\xdb\x8c \xd9\x87\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xd9\x85.\xd9\x85\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb4\xda\xa9\xd8\xb1\xd9\x85.'
Battery level removed from notification panal .. i have used gear iconx
Freezes every now and then, but overall great!
Needs all permissions in the world...uninstall!
Love that I am able to watch t.v. on my phone from another room
Cannot use with Current Smartthings setup.
I like the fact that you have a your devices available.
It keeps sending me a message is unread its irritatg
Application was good, but restarted few times my phone during screen mirroring.
Connects all my Samsung products seamlessly. Works perfectly well when I'm in the house
Works well with my Samsung smart TV.
Surprised me, this app
Sometimes I can't connect my music playlist to my TV
Sometimes don't work
Linking two bluetooth speakers with differing sounds is great. High end, low end, great sound!
This feature and app is AMAZING. Very intuitive and useful. UI is really good too.
Unable to delete app.
b'Awesome having everything at your control from a phone to a TV ??????'
I like being able to control my connected devices in one place! And it works!
Works great easy to use.
Esta chingona la aplicación se las rrecomiendo
Amazing. Love using this on my 4k tv nest and august lock. It everything at the palm of my hand.
This app does absolutely nothing except collect your data and use it for advertising and spying
Classic worked. Switched to this and cant add most of the devices i had.
Works great! Pairs immediately with my trusted devices that I want it to. Thank you!
I like watching videos that on my phone on my TV
Does not provide any advantage than not having it
Actually, I downloaded the Smartthings app first & then found this one & like it better.
Why is this out forced on me I don't use it and I don't want it
It's fantastic not having to go through all the menus to connect and disconnect Bluetooth
Works flawlessly for me. Easy and functional, thank you Samsung for another great app.
Super App funktioniert reibungslos mit meinem Samsung Galaxy S8 und Samsung smart TV
Works great, i can pair all of my devices.
Best app for Samsung connects to everything you dont even have to figure out how it connects it does it for you
My phone will not connect with this app
Will not connect to Eaton aspire devices
You can control your smart things in your house
It never connects to my robot vacuum
Works well with all my devices 5out5
Requires contact list access. Deal breaker! Uninstalled.
Some time its work or some time not
The best app for my phone and tv...
useful,works excellent with Samsung's 6 series (40)-(65) size smart tv's , a great remote .
Nice thing, it's a shortcut to connect to wireless devices ..i like this..
Works 1 out of 10 times
b'\xe0\xb8\x81\xe0\xb8\xb2\xe0\xb8\x81\xe0\xb8\xa1\xe0\xb8\xb2\xe0\xb8\x81\xe0\xb9\x84\xe0\xb8\xad\xe0\xb8\xaa\xe0\xb8\xb1\xe0\xb8\xaa'
Can't stream my S8 to my Sony TV!
Works intermittently at best, very dissapointing.
So good app to take the control h Whole SAMNSUNG devices at my home
It connects me to all my Samsung worked and Bluetooth devices . I love it .
Can't connect with TV most of the times
My TV and my phone is compatible to it but it does not work does not turn it on or off
Works great. Love the convenience of controlling the tv and sound bar from my phone
Love the app. it makes connecting to your devices from any screen quick and easy
Its hard to disconnect with my beats
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87 \xd9\x85\xd9\x86 \xda\xa9\xd9\x87 \xda\xaf\xd9\x84\xd8\xb4\xdb\x8c\xd9\x81\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb4 \xd8\xb4\xd8\xaf\xd9\x85'
It's hard to connect with my devices
Member access does not function
The settings you guys have
I'm always loosing the remote or my kids are. So it's nice to use
You don't must autoapdate this apps
Im in Google gmail account submit
Please let us uninstall this !!!
It won't connect to my devices
why not make this optional and not pre installed?
Awesome !!! Love that I can do everything on my phone and see it on the big screen
The app makes it much easier and quicker to connect my devices to my phone.
THANK YOU FOR THE APP.
Dosent work very well at all
Don't need and can't uninstall nor disable.
Why this app asks for my contacts?
Won't discover any of my devices.
I love this app.. it makes connecting to my stuff super easy and quick
Didn't want the app and I can't disable it.
Can't connect if away for home.
Puts all my Bluetooth devices in one menu that's quick to get to.
Connecta for a millisecond then drops.
Pleased and easy to use.
Connection is not reliable
I can't use almost any of the devices I used to use in the smartthings classic app
Easy to control device at home, make your life a lot easier.
Would be better if I could see the battery percentage of my device
No Long time ku Aprm 1st run A.K Pottu Vanthoa is
Does not connect to refrigerator.
Love it and i would not have anything else love Samsung easy to use
Great when it works. Often will not connect. Bug fixes would make this great.
b"Love let's me connect to my devices more easy fix ??"
Nothing works in Pixel phone.
Love the app when I use it especially if I'm not near the remote.
Just started using it!
Google's already got it covered.
b'\xd9\x87\xd9\x86\xd9\x88\xd8\xb2\xd9\x85\xd9\x88\xd9\x81\xd9\x82 \xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xdb\x8c\xd9\x86 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd9\x86\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xd9\x87 \xd9\x86\xd8\xb4\xd8\xaf\xd9\x85'
Keeps disconnecting iphone accounts
not working in wifi projector
Ok needs some improvement
Cant connect to sony tv
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd9\x88 \xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf\xdb\x8c'
Just works...without hassle. All apps should be like that. This one is
Its very greatly app
One more bs app
Works great with my Bluetooth headset which is the only device I use it with.
can not remove notification
Have always like this feature
Wont update err or 924
The best app ever ! + Many options wow thanks
Fails to sync with devices
Too slow unresponsive
Thank you for that app!!
The app is yucky
This is a great app that makes my life easier and more productive.
I have no use for it.
I can connect but would be better if I would use like controller
Really bad connection
Doesnt work
i want to disable this app from my mobilephone kindly do the necessary update for s7 to disable this app
Pathetic services by Samsung
Works great and have not had any issues so far.
It stopped supporting UN65JU6500.. why? Will it be fixed?
Won't connect to my __#$$&&*&1+@ Galaxy tab s2
Never ever opened this app, but it is draining battery now.
Never stays connected.S8
Makes my life of connecting s o much easier thank you
I really enjoy this app, but it can be more optimized.
b'Bloatware ????'
Installed itself on S7. Had a notification that would not go away. Uninstalled.
Does what it says it does.
Works really well. Got multiple devices in it and never had an issue.
I feel so smart with things
Glitches many.
I primarily use it for my TV and it works like a charm.
I don't want it.
Omg! Connected to my grandma's LG TV with my Note 8!
It works perfectly then when switching back to the TV it works perfectly again!
Smart view is better than this
Great tool for when you don't want to leave the bed. lol.
Love it so easy to use
This app is the $#!+
Love it can watch what I'm watching on my TV on my phone
Doesn't work
I don't like it
Thanks Samsung!!
Could be more stable, and doesn't work with all brands
Simple, easy and quick to connect to desired Bluetooth devices.
Works great comes in handy!
Won't let me do a thing, sign in, password nothing, avoid
Great to use when mirroring my Galaxy s8 to the roku 3
offers a seamless and efficient way to switch between connected devices
Easy to use...love it!
Sign in for US only
turkish cam plz
Cant connect with airconditioner
Very helped me
Needs more improvement
b'\xeb\x90\x98\xeb\x8b\xa4 \xec\x95\x88\xeb\x90\x98\xeb\x8b\xa4 \xed\x95\xa8'
b'\xd9\x85\xd9\x85\xd9\x86\xd9\x88\xd9\x86 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Diconnecting all the time
VERY convenient. I wish all electronics were this easy.
I really love this it really comes in handy for parties and get togethers
Very convenient. Love it
Best to have when all your audio and streaming is Samsung.
This is far the best app I've seen yet.
It is so easy to connect and share via the television.
I just started to use this and enjoy it. Thanks ks
I have it mainly for my Tv's and it works brillantly
Great to have all my connections in one place.
Convenient app, but could be more quick to access
Nice to have everything I connect to in one place.
Great way to easily connect to many types of devices.
Usef'ull of user Friendly UI keep up the great job;)
It's great easy to connect to my radio or tv
Awesome app. Very easy and very user friendly
Switching from headphones to telephones, to speakerphone is very easy.
Great! Easily connects to everything I use.
Makes connecting my fone to any device a breeze .... love it
One of the greatest smart home apps ever!, Strongly recommend!!!
Great product made life so much easier
Works great for all my Bluetooth around the house
A beautiful ecosystem when done right a little buggy
quick n easy wish it showed on the swipe down
It come very handy whenever I need it
Excellent, van watch my phone in the TV!
Its good but which company is use in this samsung connect
Handy to connect with few limitations
This app is very informative,about new events.
Easiest connection ever. Switch one button and done.
Not too bad... always room for improvement though.
Good all in one app for smart devices!
It the best app it's helpful in every way I really love it
Hardly works.
It's a Wonderful app and it keeps everything organized
Works for me .
doesnt always connect, difficult to use.
I miss where it would automatically connect to certain devices.
Needs to auto connect to all devices faster.
I like it makes it easy & fast too connect
I like it ! :)
Works well.
nice app but needs more functionality.
Not needed.
b'Works great with my samsung smart tv??'
Work like a charm on my Samsung tv's
Very useful and user friendly app
I'll see
Lets me connect to bluetooth car easily
Excellent app could use a speed upgrade
Great app to connect your samsung TV
The best i have ever used before
Decent app, does what it's supposed to do.
It disconnect quiet ofen from my roku
Excellent app ease of connection and use xx
I love it just wish it could be for anything
Love it great way to watch videos from phone
Excruciatingly slow
Easy to you use fast and very effective!
Very cool and useful!
Keeps things organized
Works great thanks again Samsung!
Out out out outstanding excellent good job
Works like a charm with my all my devices
b'very useful for view TV on Phone \xe2\x9d\xa4??'
Nice companion app for Samsung devices.
good app. easy to use, and handy
Love this app. Works flawlessly with Bixby ..
I'm finding it very easy to use
Makes it so easy
Easiest control app I've used
Works very well, no complaints
GALAXY NOTE 8: Great app
Poor software
Been using for months, love it!
Super fast n user friendly
Makes life even easier!
Removed connectivity items in last update
I love this service thanks guys
Is really great with downloaded again
Makes connecting to devices much easier
I use it EVERYDAY. I LOVE it!
It could b a lot better
It perfect all time gadget
Great system works really we
Love it easy for me to connect to everything
Easy to see whats all synced
Best way to manning your devices
b'\xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Works as intended
Thanks for Samsung
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
b'\xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
No fix
b'\xd8\xac\xd9\x85\xd9\x8a\xd9\x84 \xd8\xac\xd8\xaf\xd8\xa7'
Volume sucks
So far so awesome!
It ok
b'\xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd9\x87'
Works well
Works for me
b'\xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8'
Not working
Never use it
It works
Nyce ness
Very gooooooddddd
It works
Fix bug
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa'
Hmm ky
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa'
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Faisal Ali
It is will
Gut zuständig
Real user-friendly application.
I have not used it I was hacked
Useless garbage
Easy to use.
Seamlessly works with my devices.
Hangy, functional and easy to use
Connect to Samsung products great.
Does what it says and works effectively.
nice connectivity app.i really love this
Bad signals
Imposible to uninstall
b"The dog's taters...??"
Awesome app!! So easy to use!!
Nightmare to use
Very easy to use. I like it.
Works great and easy to use.
It's great
Spam app
smart way to connect to devices.
A very helpful app.!!
Not broken don't fix it
It's the best I tried.
The app works great.
It's very good app
Much easier, love it!
b'Working ??'
Bloatware!!
Working with it..
Makes it so much easier
So far so good
Easy connect to my devices
Powerful audio control in Android
Easy to manage bluetooth connections
Amazing with Samsung smart tvs
Could be made more intuitive
So far so good
It work very well
Easy to manage my s$#@
Works good from notification tray
It works pretty nice
Loved it huge Samsung fan
Very help full app
I just love it!
Nice app for smart gadgets
Useful and easy to use
Great for setting Bluetooth devices
it so easy to set up
b'\xe0\xb8\x94\xe0\xb8\xb5\xe0\xb8\xa1\xe0\xb8\xb2\xe0\xb8\x81'
Really awesome app!!
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd9\x88 \xda\xa9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa2\xd9\x85\xd8\xaf ??????????'
Love love love how convient and simple it is
Nnn
Over all pleased with it.
It's easy to work with
Perfectly put together.
Brilliant I'm impressed
I love this haha.
It's fine and cool
Big samsung fan.
good. i like get
convenient!!
It. Is awesome
Is good!
Great app.. User friendly..
Works seamless!
b'Easy to use ??????'
Very Useful !
Awesome love this!
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Great app
User interface is great
smooth and easy to use
Everything work great
it is a very good app
Easy to set up
Very good app
So easy to use
Work so good
Very good app
Great convenience for user
Brings good vibe
Excellent do far
Very nice interconnectivity
great yes sir
simple to use!!
Easy app to use
It very convenient
This is a great app
Best TV App
Great never a complaint
Very simple awesome
Useful for streaming to TV
SAMSUNG IS AWESOME
Love it all the way
Wished it worked better
So easy to use
Great use and connectivity
Works well consistently
Works great and fast
Professional Proficiency Progress
Great app
Excellent work
Great aplication
I love it
Horrible APP !!!!!!!!!!
This app is great ...
Pretty cool!!!
Wonderful experience.
it's not the worse
b'Simply brilliant ??'
Crazy
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa'
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
Khobe
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8'
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
Ok
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd9\x87'
Hh
Like
Like
Like
Ducks
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Like it
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
b'\xd9\x85\xd9\x85\xd8\xaa\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2'
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
Opa
Yoo
hadi
Why what is it for
Awli
Dankeschön
Um
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
b'\xd9\x82\xd8\xa7\xd9\x82\xd8\xa7\xd9\x87'
Kkkkkk
Ok
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8'
Sucks
DOPE
b'\xd8\xb3\xd9\x84\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85'
Like
Ok
Nothing
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
OK
Avg
Good quality.
It's the best
Useful app
b'????????????'
It's awesome
Sweet!
It's cool.
b'??????????'
Bloatware
What good is it?
Great!!
b'??????'
Great!
Great!
Amazing!
Awesome!
Bloatware
Bloatware
Amazing !!!
Awesome!!!
:/
Great app
I love it
Good app
Excellent app
Much improved
Easy to use
easy and awesome
Great app
The best
very good
Very good
Works great
Great apps
It is good
The best
Very good
Easy to use
Awesome app
Great app
very useful
Nice program
So efficient
Very good
Very good
Very nice
Barry nice
Ease of use
Love the interface
Easy to use
Great app
I love it
Great app
Works great
I love it
Great 2x
I love it
Rlly good
Great app
Love this application
It is great
Very useful
Easy to use
Works great
Cool app
Good app
Very nice
Easy to use
Damn good
Work great
Love it still
Good application
Great app
good thinks
preety awesome
Its good
easy to use
Terrible
Love it!!!!
i wondered
Useless
Useless
Bloatware
Garbage
Bloatware
Unreliable
It's good...
Horrible
Bad
b'Love it \xe2\x9d\xa4'
Helpful
Love it.
b'??????????'
Good
Love it
Good
b'????'
Superb
Great
Good
Convenient
Love it
Love it
Good
Awesome
Awesome
Perfectly
Convenient
Good
Essential
Nice
Good
Awesome
Awesome
Cool
Love it
Lovely
Great
BEST
Awesome
Excellent
Excellent
Amazing
Usefull
Loved it
Perfect
Good
Cool
Convenient
good
Good
Awesome
Love it
Great
Easy
Love it
Love it
Great
Good
Great
Good
Love it
Simple
Amazing
Easy
Nice
good
nice
Loved it
Excellent
FANTASTIC
great
love it
Great
Gr8
loved it
good
Nice
GREAT
Good
Nice
Love it
awsome
Satisfactory
Great
Brilliant
Good
Great
Cool
AWSOME
good
Nice
good
Excellent
Great
Awesome
Good
Smart
Wonderful
Nice
Awesome
Great
Great
Sweet
Cool
Nice
This app is beyond annoying, it installed itself with an update on my phone. It has a notification, but when I can never seem to clear it. It doesn't uninstall a normal way, I had to go into google play and uninstall, but it still tries to update, and take up space on my phone.I don't need or want the app, but it keeps coming back
Why does Samsung continue to install apps I have no need or want to use? I understand you want to push your product. But if I don't have a smart TV or anything else this app is useless to me. It just takes up space and kills my battery. At least let me in uninstall it
I have just installed Graber Z-wave motorized blinds and am using this Samsung Connect app to control the blinds through a Samsung Connections hub and through there to Alexa. This app works well, but I did have some issues. Luckily there are some You Tube videos that explained how to get this done. The issues I ran into appear that the Samsung Connections hub might have some differences from the standard Smartthings hub. The first issue were the blinds did not show up on the 'Add device" on this app. The You Tube instructions show you must manually set them up by selecting a Z-wave dimmer (likewise the remotes must be selected as Z-wave toggle switchs). They then added quite easily. The second issue is that I setup scenes on this app (that work great) but the Amazon Alexa app cannot discover those scenes. Amazon Alexa can discover the devices on this app for the Samsung Connections hub through the Smartthings hub (I was able to create Routines on Alexa to duplicate the Scenes there).
Its stupid. Ask too many permissions just to control your tv. Remote never ask for so much information of you. Cant deactivated so needs to be constantly updated. Its a security liabilty which cant be deactivated.
this is terrible. doesn't update status is my devices and gets stuck. using old app again
Why does the app need access to my contact TS and location? Answer: It does not. I do not want to share my location, take qr pics, or such. At least stop lying and say what you really want: To compile data! All I want is to use the app to control my TV! NOTHING MORE, NOTHING LESS! Edit1: The reply by Samsung does not help. If you deny any or all of the permissions the app WILL NOT RUN!
I don't need this application installed in my phone. If I needed it wouldn't i have installed it ? Also I don't own any other Samsung smart device nor do I plan on buying one for the foreseeable future.
Bloatware shoved into the phone. If I go park my car on Samsung's lawn will they understand how I feel?
Bloatware, can't uninstall on Galaxy S8. ETA: in reply to the automated message from Samsung PR - you can enhance my user experience by allowing me to remove this app (and every other non-native app) from my phone. I have no interest in any of them.
Samsung completely destroyed and messed up my account that I've been using for past 2 years and I had more than 60 Home Smart devices. I don't know what kind of upgrades they did I have lost everything in my account. Samsung SmartThings did not test their upgrade very well and caused so much disruption disappointment to customer like me
Smart things worked fine until this update. Now I can't use any of my stuff connected to my smart things hub
Too many permissions and cannot uninstall it. Total abuse of power over customers
I have no use for this and can't disable it. I have an Android to have more advanced options. I love Samsung, but lately they have been very disappointing.
Permissions too many, no way I can install this. (The app should target a more recent version of Android and ask for permissions only when required).
Love the feature, but video transmitted to TV gets laggy every few seconds. Otherwise I'd rate it 5 stars.
Refuses to download device controllers on Pixel 2 XL. Reading other reviews, this is a common complaint and one the authors ask that you contact support about. I did over a week ago without a response. Trash.
Where, in the world, all of my previously added devices and routines are? Do not tell me I will have to manually re-add/re-configure everything from a scratch!
Malware/greyware that ships with samsung phones which can't be uninstalled, removed or disabled. Can't be updated without giving ridiculous permissions.
Couldnt uninstall or disable, just more junk i dont need or want on my phone.
Recognized some of my devices, but not others, including two of my Samsung Smart TVs. So, it was useless.
The new update is very bad. I can no longer connect to my tv.
Horrible! I don't want it and it won't come off my phone after I uninstall it.
Horrible, Download BK DISABLER to shut this down and dumb bat Bixby.
b"??Terrible app that just won't go away!!"
Why does it need your browser history??? There is NO way to limit permissions for it on there except the usual features. And still there is NO reason why you need my browser history.
I do not need this app but I cannot uninstall or even disable it. Why? It is just using resources, eg. for updates.
It's bloatware, please make it easy to uninstall.
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8 \xd9\x87\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa \xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xd8\xa7\xda\xa9\xd9\x85\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb3\xd8\xa7\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87 \xd8\xaa\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb4\xd8\xaf \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa\xd9\x81\xd8\xa7\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87 \xd8\xa7\xda\xa9\xd8\xab\xd8\xb1 \xd9\x85\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf\xd9\x85'
not updating so you can have MORE of my info
Why does this app require access to device id and call information?
Cannot uninstall once put on android samsung which is bs
How the heck to I get rid of this bloat ware!!!
Just makes the whole setup process easier! A must have for anyone.
How do I delete this?
Waste of space
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Awesome.... Spot On !!!
thank
Pretty decent
Good
Cool
No way to uninstall and unnecessary for the phone to function. Automatic 1 star. Also crashes a lot. Disabling does not reclaim space or remove it from the update list, so this is NOT an accepable solution like Samsung suggests.
I just want to stream a U tube video to my lg tv like i was able to do 2-3 months ago!.. this app is nothing but FORCED SPYWARE!!!!..... CANT EVEN UNINSTALL IT!.. IM TIRED OF THIS!. I thought i bought a samsung phone not a iphone. If this kind of propaganda persists!. Then this will be the last samsung i will ever buy.. truly sad i have always been a fan of samsung. Not anymore. Thats it!!!!......
Bloatware. Always asking for permission to everything on my device. Always trying to update itself. Very annoying. Been a faithful Samsung user for a decade but with these spy ware apps being forced on me I will be jumping ship.
Just bloatware like every other Samsung app. Only going to use Google Assistant to power etc my home devices.
Takes up memory for functions I don't need or want. I know what you are trying to do, but I do not use those functions, was not given a choice about installing them, and cannot remove them. You have made the device less useful to me. For that, I would rate it zero stars if possible. I am unlikely to buy any other Samsung products because of this.
Why do I want such a useless App on my phone? It is taking my storage and wasting my life.
Bloatware! My S7 is the only samsung product i own. I should be able to disable this app.
This app is completely useless to me and I am being forced to have it on my phone. It is the second biggest battery drain behind my screen! This app should be removed and unfortunately it's installed permanently on my phone.
My phone was rebooting constantly by itself...finally when I disabled this app the problem was solved...i would like to not have it show up in the 'update all'
I dislike this app one minute you can smart view in it work then the next you can only mirror screen which is Terrible
I don't know anything about the app except it crashes every time I start my phone or open a different app.
Trash!! STOP putting apps that I don't want on my phone
b'It allows me to seamlessly connect to my TV & my speaker with no problem. I absolutely love it! Big Samsung fan here \xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f.'
Unreasonable and dangerous permissions requirements.
Great App It's very useful for my Bluetooth devices.
Don't need it don't want it just uninstall it using my memory up
Fast and convenient for switching or turning on devices to communicate with phone. Every enjoyable and easy to use!
b'guys it cool no buggs very useful tho????'
Remove this piece of bloatware
It connects my blue tooth devises very trouble free
Great thought of consolidating all devices.
Tnx
Thank
It's to good
It's amazing
Good App
Its good
Annoying
Good
Can you please give option to remove this app or at least disable. It's not what I want and the recent updates is asking for further permission details. Luckily I can just disable the updates but I don't want it in my list of apps to update as this has no interest to me and Samsung is already known for filling up phone with duplicate apps. Pointless and slows down my phone experience.
A permissions and privacy nightmare. Latest update wants access to browsing history. Cant remove it from S8. This will be the last samsung device I purchase with all the bloatware they force on you. Please explain why you need to know peoples browsing history to automate tasks!
Now I know why 15 minutes after unplugging my phone from a full charge it is down 15%. This sucks the life out of your phone. Also very intrusive. They are way too nosy into wanting all of your personal information. I used to love Samsung phones. I will be looking elsewhere for my next phone.
I don't want this bloatware! Why can't we delete it?? Intrusive and unnecessary permissions. How is accessing anyone's internet browsing history required in order for this app to function properly?? Respect your customers!! If we want an app we will download it. Make it optional
Application is pointless when you have to turn on the washing machine first. You can't use the app for that, not does the app work properly.. It just simply looses connection once you are out.. What is the point then?
Why does this need access to my contacts to work? Bummer Samsung doesn't take privacy seriously.
This app is forced on my phone, I have no need or want for it. I can't disable it or uninstall it. Another absolutely useless app. Why can I not uninstall? I did not install it. Is a forced app not an invasion of privacy
Forced on my Samsung I don't want it why no option to uninstall it?So as I understand Samsung can install any application without my permission it cost Samsung nothing to to ask permission first very inappropriate.
Uninstallable crapware. Edited to add: It's no use replying to me as it is still uninstallable and still crapware. Cut and pasting a meaningless perky response just adds insult to injury.
Accepting your T&C you intrude all my Privacy and for what ? To control things ? I never accept and will not allow to enter my Privacy by all means Never!!!
Uninstalled due to intrusive permissions required for use. Rolled back to Samsung Connect.
Should be a personal decision on whether you want to use the app and should be able to remove it if you don't want to use it
Quit running when I do not want to use it.
This is junkeare this was installed without my permission, I do not want it, I do not want none of the updates to it, and it doesn't let you get rid of it. Any app that doesn't let you uninstall it should be banned
All samsung items are garbage now! Beyond invasive and no disable buttons!! Moving to iphone!!
i wounder why the need unjustified permissions, like accessing the camera.
I uninstalled it but it still runs in the background and it keeps asking me to update. It SUCKS
It used to be able to connect to other devices than what's listed now doesn't connect to anything!
Stop apologizing &make it able to delete or uninstall the app!
How do I uninstall this app?!
Wont connect to google home
Needs uninstall option
Program sucks
Bloatware.
Nothing
I love this baby
Super
Obnoxious
Good
To invasive and not worth it. I really being forced to have this app. This is creating a great distaste in me for Samsung. Please create a disable or uninstall option. I believe this app might be a life saver for someone or many people but it should not be forced on others. It's way too invasive especially in light of Facebook scandal. Thank you!
I love Samsung phones but I hate being forced to keep useless apps that I don't want or need. It's getting so bad that I'm going to buy a different brand phone next time. Why can't we just delete apps we don't want?
Stop force feeding us unwanted apps! Samsung Support told me I could check their FAQ to remove the update. Guess what...the FAQ link they gave me doesn't have any such information.
I never asked for this to be installed on my phone. Now I can't get rid of it. Samsung's attitude to there customers stinks, I give it one star only because zero stars was not a option.
Why won't this new app let me connect to bluetooth??? Why would you try and fix something that's not broken!! I can't use any of my headphones or speakers now! Thanks. This needs to be fixed ASAP
I don't want this app. I can't even disable or remove it. But it keeps asking to update. Pff go away, I use google home, and that's all I need.
Why force me to have an app that doesn't work on my device? I have no interest in this app so let me delete it.
I wish I could disable this app. I had to remove all updates to get my Bluetooth plantronics headset microphone to work again.
I dont want this app, at least give us the option of being able to uninstall/disabling it!!!
When update this app don't work
I want uninstall it
Wrong concept of App
No idea what it is
Super
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Nice app
Good
I do not have any connected smart devices at home. The amount of permissions this uses, seems to be a massive security risk to us all. Samsung do you really need to read every contact I have or all the extra permissions? I do not give my permission for you to process this as per gdpr regulations. Yet you give me no option to actually uninstall or stop further processing of MY personal data. Unacceptable samsung.
Damn thing installed itself without my permission. No thanks! **EDIT** Even worse I now can't uninstall it, and it has given itself permissions to see my contact list and location. Samsung support tell me to contact them *through the app* and when I try to the app shuts down because I won't give it microphone and disk access permissions! For the love of the gods Samsung, just make it removable at least!
This is not an app that came with my phone yet it's now installed. Without my permission. I cannot uninstall it either. I have no smart devices in my home outside of a phone and do not plan on getting any. Take it off my phone, Samsung. Don't waste the precious memory space I have.
This app even imposed on my phone and is requesting ridiculous permissions for camera and phone numbers being called and I am not happy to give those permissions but am unable to uninstall the app. An intrusion on my mobile device that I'm not happy about.
I didn't ask for this. I don't want it and I can't remove it. So I'm not buying a Samsung anything going forward they lost my trust and confidence and (keeping in mind that samsung TVs are listening to our conversations) privacy.... Congrats
extra bloat, only works with a handful of devices, Samsung only. And I cannot remove it from my phone.
I don't need this app. I don't want this app. I can't uninstall this app. I have no other Samsung devices in my home to connect to and yet I'm forced to have this useless app on my phone.
I neither wanted, nor asked for this to be installed on my phone
Can't uninstall or disable on Samsung phones
Don't like it
Works like a charm
App used to work great. Just updated and now it will not do the one thing I had the app for in the first place. I want to view my 1 year old Samsung tablet on my 2 year old Samsung tv. After going through sign ins and updates and codes it still will not work now. It's great that they built an app that will make you a cup of coffee, start your car and turn on your bathroom lights all from your living room couch but I don't need that. I'll spend a little more time trying to make it work but unfortunately will probably end up deleting it and finding another app that does what I want easily.
Note 8 user. Smartthing Classic worked great. Creating a new app with the same name but can't transfer current settings and forcing customers to use new app without making sure it works as good as the old doesn't make sense. Wemo switches worked great before and now only 1 switch works and can't connect my other 3. Now Arlo is not working as it did before because Im using 2 different apps. Common Samsung. You want to be better than Apple, get your things together or you will loose customers.
This was installed unasked on my Galaxy S2 Tablet, with the warning that it may not work with my device! So why install it? I wouldn't even want it on my Samsung phone, as I don't have any other Samsung devices to control. It is not possible to remove it, but you can find it if in Settings, Apps, you change the view to include System files - then deny it permissions and remove data to stop it. Change your general settings to Do not auto update; update apps manually, avoiding this one like the plague.
If you do not have a mobile signal and use your device by Wi-Fi means only, this app will continuously send up pop-up messages stating that it keeps restarting. I'm sure not the one who keeps restarting it. Fix it please. This should be an app that should be able to be disabled but if user if he's not wanting to use it.
Impossible to uninstall, can't even be disabled. Always wants to update every time I visit the play store. At least let me disable it. I shouldn't have to root my phone to remove a non-critical app like this one. Edit 03/24: I know what the app does, I don't need any of those things and would prefer to save storage space on my phone instead of updating an app I never use. Please allow users to disable the app in settings.
Pls provide an option to fully uninstall this app. The only Samsung product I own is my S7 phone. I have no need for this 'bloat' app and shouldn't have been forced-installed wasting space. As customers, we should be given the option to install or not-to-install. I'm sure it's an awesome app, but only for those who wants/needs it.
Make me able to uninstall this. You already had so many users who do not want this app on their devive. So ehy don't you make it possible to at least quit it if it has to be pre-installed. Freedom of choice is the key here. And if you don't give your customers this freedom with pre-installed apps they will choose their freedom of choice to choose a different manufacturer. At least I will. Now the same pre-fabricated answer I read so many times before in other reviews. If you freaking know it's not for everyone, make it removable! Now! Not that hard...
I don't own any smart devices and have no reason to use this, yet it pesters me for updates, asks for bizarre permissions, and won't let me uninstall or even just disable it?! I cannot remove it from my update list and I *will not* accept these permissions it's asking for. Add a disable button and maybe I'll up my review to a two star.
This app, which I don't need, is annoying as hell. It can't be uninstalled from my phone, it has a ridiculous number of permissions, it takes space, keeps asking to be updated (which would add new permissions), and I personally have no use for it. Samsung: I won't purchase your devices if you incorporate apps like this.
I never requested this app but appeared on my mobile without my permission on an update. I do not like the fact it can use your camera, video or even record your voice without you knowing or given permission. I don't use multiple devices so not useful at all. Samsung, please give me the option to uninstall this app as I'm really angry you added it in the first place!
I cannot set up push notifications for my Samsung home monitoring kit like I used to be able to on the classic smarthings app. I was forced to update to this app and now I don't get the notifications and there's no instructions on how to even do it if it's possible. Nothing works at all. I have no security, and now I'm basically out 300 dollars for the whole kit plus accessories. What is the deal here? This is not what I expected from Samsung. Please have a fix or I would like my money back.
Runs continuously and not needed by me. Will not purchase another Samsung phone because of this forced app. This application developer owes us money for theft by forcing an app that steals from our cell data account every month, it costs us money. Please inform how to delete this from my phone as soon as possible. If it can not be removed, then I will drop Samsung, your choice.
Total bloatware! Used the original with my s5 worked great! Forced upgrade on phone s7 now app is useless, cant even disable or uninstall. Collects data in background, have to force stop & clear data all the time. I dont want these apps theres 3 of this app on my s7 & all are useless garbage. Seriously put an option for uninstalling or at least disabling!
App keeps crashing when I go into my picture gallery and try to take pictures. This is not an app that I need or that I wanted, should be able to disable or uninstall. I have sent several messages and feedback with crash reports and nothing has been done and no reponses. Even when I uninstalled the updates and stopped auto update it still crashes
This is some sort of bloatware/spyware that Samsung feels we shouldn't be allowed to remove from our phones. I will avoid buying any future Samsung products while they treat customers this way. They just lost over $1000 from me alone thanks to their "smart" marketing antics. Let us remove this unwanted garbage from our phones!
This is ridiculous! I have never used this app nor do I want to. Ever since the last Android update I keep getting popular that SmartThings has stopped working. I've never installed this and there is no way to uninstall it. My phone keeps freezing up due to this crashing in the background. Get it figured out Samsung. I've been so furatrated with so many Samsung issues that my next phone will definitely not be Samsung. I'm tired of their bloatware.
Never wanted the app. The phone automatically downloaded the app and then it tried to connect with everything on its own. It became a nuisance enough for me to take the time and figure out how to uninstall it. Suggestion. Don't force an application to interfere with daily use unless the user goes to activate it themselves. This application kept trying to connect before I gave it any permissions to do so. When I tried to stop it, the application wouldn't go away and kept trying to force me to enter setup options. I deleted this intrusive and annoying application.
Ever since this new upgrade Oreo I can't get into my Google photos without shutting down. It seems like this Samsung smart thing has taken over my phone. I don't like it. Also all replys I have seen about smartthing from Samsung says I'll pass on to the app team please contact us. Really. Fix the damn problem don't give us the run around!!!!!
I honestly wish that built-in aps that aren't used could be disabled as I don't like being constantly reminded to update them and use up valuable data. I'm on a limited data program and phone owners should be given the option to disable aps than they don't want or use. Not everyone wants to use the limitless aps available and many people (through financial necessity) are on limited data programs.
Hate anything shoved on my phone as an 'update'. Would never use it so why am I not asked first before it shows up? And yes, I am aware that it's replacing another Samsung app. Too much un-needed garbage put on phones before you ever use it. More is NOT better!
I do not want this intrusive app. Why have you forced us to use this app? Please change it to where people can disable it. Not everyone wants to control their whole house from there phone, and not everyone wants to give every piece of personal information and data on their phone to Samsung.
This app has way too many intrusive permissions including Read Contacts. It came bundled with my S7 and cannot be uninstalled and is unfortunately showing up under Running Services (under Developer Options under Settings) running in the background eating up my phone's resources.
This app is super intrusive. I do not own any other Samsung product so why would I want this app! However--I am unable to uninstall nor delete it! PLUS... it constantly tries to update but cause no end of problems with my phones dialler function for some bizarre reason. I will not be buying another Samsung phone. Too full of intrusive bloat ware. Nearly as bad as an iPhone!
b'I really wish I could give this app -5 stars. People, do yourself a favour and go and look what this app has access to on your phone, and what permissions it has... shocking!! Considering that I did not even ask/download this app, this is a massive invasion of privacy!!! It cannot be disabled nor uninstalled. With an upgrade around the corner, this app will single handedly cause me to move to Apple. Get it together Samsung!!??'
This... This is why you feel the urge to root your perfectly okay device. Dear developers, I know that you're somewhat exceptionally ingenious coders, as you're working under the flag of such big name. But, please for the love of almighty, conduct a bit more thorough market research before forcing every single end-user to tolerate nuisance like this!! At least, give us a choice to remove it from the drawer by disabling it.
THIS APP NEVER STOPS. I already have 'disabled' the app, but tell me why I walk by a Samsung refrigerator and my Bluetooth is NOT on, this p.o.s. app it asks me if I want to connect to the fridge? I turn on Airplane mode and the phone tells me Samsung Connect has stopped working...Don't tell me just how to disable this, let me uninstall it. Don't tell me what I can do with it, just let me uninstall it. It's that so hard? It's bloatware. Let me uninstall it. It runs in the background and does nothing. It's useless for any purpose. I own this phone, let me uninstall this ridiculous app. Samsung support, you give the same line of B.S. every time; STOP! Your "solution" does not work.
I'm glad I moved on to HMD Nokia 6.1 instead of buying a new S9 to replace my S6. Samsung is nothing but bloatware. Sells their phone for a high price and still force you with tons of garbage apps. PEOPLE STOP BUYING BLOATWARE FILLED PHONES
This piece of bloatware junk is forced on all Samsung tablet users whether they want it or not. I have absolutely no need for it, yet I cannot remove it, or even disable it. Google Play Store keeps on prompting me for updates for it that I do not want, even though I have blocked all notifications from the app itself. This is disgraceful behaviour by Samsung. How dare they assume that everyone who buys one of their tablets must have compulsory bloatware that most of them neither want or need. I will NEVER buy Samsung again and will tell everyone I know to avoid them like the plague.
Bloatware that I've never used and don't need, but can't uninstall from my Galaxy S7. Only option is to remove the updates, can't completely remove it. This is MY phone, I bought it. I should be able to remove any app I don't need/want. I see Samsung has replied to similar reviews, acknowledgeing, "we know it's not for everyone." OK, so stop forcing everyone to have this trash on their phones! Way to greedy/intrusive with permission requests.
As before, Samsung stop foisting this this unwanted app on MY PHONE. I don't care to use your stupid service, I never asked for your stupid app or service. You have plenty of people giving you a one star rating (more than you deserve). DO US ALL A FAVOUR & GIVE US A DELETE OPTION.
Put me down as in the too-many-permissions-can't-remove camp. I'm sure there will be a super empathetic proclamation that my concerns will be related. Sure... as a stat that no one will care about. I own an unusual amount of Samsung products. It's stuff like this that has me most cheering on the competition. I don't want a cheery empathetic reply. I want this off my device or at least where I can disable it. The OEM device is the product, not me.
This is so tone deaf. This new app is forced on paying customers, and it requires total access to all privacy in order to do anything. How invasive and demeaning to your customers. I'm reverting to the classic app, and I won't use this until they change that greedy, heavy handed policy. I may have to get a different hub.
Tried the update even worse. WHY does it need access to my contacts etc. Failed to detect Denon A/V. REQUIRES SUMSUNG ACCOUNT NO 3rd party authentication. Uninstall crashed tablet. Poor & who keep voting the spamware up? Cannot be disabled, resource hungry. Can I bill Samsung for unauthorised network usage?
pre installed with no disable/uninstall option even though i have no use for it. Worse, it asks for all possible permissions and more. if at least you would use opt-in permission model of"modern" android. samsung, you surely xan do better!?
App is useless to me and can't be uninstalled. Samsung replies to reviews with pointless copy-paste suggestions to contact them so they can claim they tried to help while ignoring the request. At least make it so this useless thing can be turned off so it doesn't pester me to update it. No, I won't ever buy your smart products because you forced the app on me.
Galaxy s7 worked great till oreo update yesterday.. Totally destroyed function.. Now this useless big brother bliatware I can't Uninstall to boot? No. Boilerplate response please.. I see your candy Coated lame responses. Stop infiltrating our privacy rights!
Why is this app preinstalled? Its annoying bloatware. I don't have any Samsung smart appliances. I dont know why Samsung thinks preinstalling it and not letting me uninstall it will help them. I'm not going to buy their devices just because they put a useless app on my phone.
Just another angry user here. Forced install of a useless app. This and the forced Samsung Pay is making me consider my choice of phone. Samsung: all your bleating of 'sorry...' isn't worth anything - actions speak louder than words..! Give me the uninstall options!
The only reason for that single star is because I can't EASILY choose to FULLY TURN OFF THE APP without having to enter into App management and close all access SmartThings has & LOG OFF SAMSUNG ACCOUNT (bye Samsung! You don't have my account anymore!). While the app may be great, it is enforced so good luck with that. I also noticed slower internet speed since starting SmartThings.
This app has been crashing on my phone *constantly* for about a month, causing extremely poor CPU and battery performance as it is hot to touch while sitting idle. I've had to turn off my phone just to charge safely one night because it burned my hand while charging. The app constantly crashing makes the phone unusable sometimes which is frustrating to say the least. What's even worse is that I can't even disable the app. Makes a strong reason to gain control of the phone or consider something else.
Pretty nice app. I've been using the older SmartThings app but recently moved over. Word of caution for those that want to try the new version. There are still some bugs and missing features. My work around is to keep both the old and new app so I can get best of both worlds.
Samsung: Don't force your unwanted, not requested apps on me. If you for whatever reason do, please have the decency to make them uninstallable or at least let me disable what I do not want, have not asked for and do not use. The second Motorola produces 10 inch android tablets you will never see me buy Samsung again. Motorola somehow manages to provide up-to-date, almost stock Android, with a few nice tweaks and NO BLOATWARE! You already lost me to them in the cell phone category due to BLOATWARE on the last Samsung cell phone I had.
Absolute trash. Permissions that aren't necessary for an app of this manner. Requiring permission for contacts, browsing history. etc... This was not pre-installed on my S7 Edge, rather was forced onto my phone (with no mention) during the Oreo update. Convinced me that I will no longer purchase Samsung devices. Huawei is equally as good quality and 1/4 the price.
I do not use network connected Samsung devices in my home. This app is a waste of space, and there needs to be an option to uninstall it. I did not use quick connect, I do not use this. There are better, more convenient ways of controlling my Bluetooth and wifi-enabled devices. I do not need this bkoatware infecting my device. This app provides no benefit for Android users.
I don't want it. More sh** put on my phone without permission, taking up space that I could use for useful content. NOT HAPPY SAMSUNG, WHATEVER HAPPENED TO PRIVACY AND CHOICE???? And while we're on the subject, who asked for Samsung pay??? Quite happy with Google pay. Get samsung pay off my phone
This app cannot be deleted, I installed it by accident, means to select the one beside it. Anyways there is no option to delete this and its very frustrating. I didnt sgree to any of its permissions so it cant do much, and I dont want it, so if anyone has an idea of how to delete it please write a comment.
Please help me remove this App. It is not useful and wastes both memory and time on my mobile device. The worst thing a company can do is force software with uncontrolled permissions onto a user's device. Seriously considering going back to LG or HTC. I don't trust Samsung software.
Too many permissions requested, especially ones that are absolutely not necessary. I would never allow an app to have that many permissions. I just want to delete it and I cannot. Since I uninstalled updates to save memory, it pops up 100 times a day telling me it stopped working. I hate preinstalled apps I cannot delete. I didn't pay this much for a phone to have apps shoved down my throat.
Its completely ridiculous that i cant uninstall an app with so many permissions that i will never EVER use. Either 1. Make it possible to delete your trash app off my device or 2. Make it possible to revoke peemissions. Thanks a lot for making me feel like i have no control over my own privacy.
I just want to unistall this application. I have no need for it and I continue to get a message saying the app has crashed. I am getting so annoyed by these types of useless Samsung apps that I can't unistall that I am considering getting rid of my Samsung device. Extremely unhappy user! Update: now the app is causing my device to run slow and other issues. I am having difficulty answering calls, using the keyboard etc. This is ridiculous!
This bloatware piece of solid waste was forced upon me. I have no need nor use for it. yet I cant install this spyware. I am sure Kelly or Brittney or Meghan from Samsung will be sure to pass my concerns on to the dev team. Come on! I've developed android apps. It's not too hard to add an uninstall. Perhaps we should all talk to our states' attorneys-general and seek legal remedies. I want my phone back in my comtrol.
Please for the love of God and personal freedom , let me uninstall this app. I do not want or need it. And no, I won't install it and use it's I app contact page to voice my grievance. How is this anything but malware. You are forcibly occupying my resources without my consent.
This shouldn't be mandatory to have on your phone. It's invasive, intrusive, and useless since I don't want to use any of its features. Why isn't there an option to uninstall? WithOUT going into the app and updating it and giving it all the required permissions. Reply to reply: Without. Going. Into. The. App. I don't want to update or use it. I just want to uninstall it.
DO NOT want this useless app on MY device. This is my device - it does not belong to Samsung. I paid for it and should be able to remove unwanted apps that should not have been installed without my knowledge. Very disappointed with Samsung. I really HATE having this app on my device. I will NEVER buy another Samsung device.
I don't like aps shoved down my throat. I will never use your internet, pay ap, music nor this piece of garbage; but you don't allow me to delete any of them FU SAMSUNG
I don't use this app and have no need for it, yet I can't take it off my phone! It's pointless and takes up space! I uninstalled updates to free up some space and not it keeps telling me it's stopped working! I've never used the bloody thing in the first place!
I want to uninstall your app but it can't be uninstalled. I hate your app and it's almost enough to make me never want to buy another Samsung phone!!!! I never wanted or even knew this intrusive app was pre-installed on the Galaxy S8! It continually interrups what I'm doing to ask permission to spy on me!!! I hate it and feel completely violated by having it forced upon me!!! It's a virtual rape of Samsung customers!!!
I just bought the Smartthings Hub and based on what I read it was worth trying both this app and the old one. After a month I can say I like the routines and automation much better on this one. However it has a hard time reading some 3rd party sensors even though the old Smartthings app reads them perfectly well. This app just continually says "Checking Status" I tried custom device handlers and no help, at this point I believe it's the app. If that gets fixed I'll happily give it five stars.
I DO NOT WANT THIS APP OR A BUNCH OF OTHER FORCED SAMSUNG APPS ON MY PHONE!!! THERE IS NO WAY TO DELETE THEM OR DISABLE THEM! THEY TAKE UP TOO MUCH SPACE! I DO NOT USE THEM!!! AND THEN THE REPRESENTATIVES SAY TO GO TO THE APP AND THERE'S A HELP BUTTON TO USE...NO, I DON'T USE THE APPS AND HAVE NO INTENTIONS OF GOING TO THEM!!! LOOKS LIKE I WILL BE GOING TO AN IPHONE BECAUSE SAMSUNG IS FAILING WITH THE APP AREA OF THEIR PHONES AND THE OPTIONS.
I have ZERO use for this app, but I'm forced to give it additional permissions, and can't disable it. Guess the only thing left is to never buy another Samsung product. Not just the overpriced bloatware bricks their phones have become - ALL Samsung products.
Keeps crashing even though I have never used it. I tried uninstalling but it won't go away. No option to disable. It is crippling my phone and I can't stop it! Bloatware with no choice to run it on my Galaxy! Edit. I couldn't even answer a call because the delay caused by this program crashing!
Had to uninstall SmartThings and revert back. I do not have a home wifi network so used to play films from my phone to my TV via wifi direct. I cant find any other way of doing this other than through the older Quick Connect. Wifi direct functionality?
Forced app with no option to remove (except through root). App demands all permissions which i'm not willing to give. Smells (no it actually is) SPYWARE. I have nothing to connect to and i'm not interested. Another Samsung bloatware which irritates me very much. Last time i'll buy a Samsung. 200% sure.
So Samsung are trying to force me to download this negatively reviewed app for my tablet that I don't want, and would never use, and which they tell me at the top of the page on here that it "may not be optimised for your device". For goodness sake Samsung, get your act together.
I wish could give a negative 5 star rating. This is pointless and intrusive, but can't remove it or disable it. Fix this now. Edit1: So, how's that removal option coming along? Edit2: Still no removal as of Aug 3rd. Also, what are the legal ramifications of this app and it's forced employment? Lastly why would you think I'm going to go into the app to contact you about deleting the app? Edit3: Aug 17th, still no helpful reply from the company. Thanks. Edit4: Aug 29th, no new development. If I could just get a decent reply and explanation of this app that would be nice.
Wow!!! How can you take an almost perfect smart home app and ruin it? Samsung can tell you. "No devices are supported in this country." So none of my Smartthings devices can now connect and my home security cannot be armed. Did Samsung notify users beforehand? No. Did they migrate the system over? No. Did they do a user poll? Probably not. I really USED to like the layout and all my friends commented how nice the app was when I showed it to them. I hope none of my friends listened to me rave about Smartthings.
Lots of new features it hard to navigate at first. It did not pick up all my devices. Had to reconnect a couple and having to replace all the GE Wink bulbs I have had since my 1st hub 4 years ago
How do I disable this app. I do not want it to take space on my phone! I do not want to update it (together with a lot other bloatware preinstalled spps). why would I waste storage and battery for updates of something I don't use?! P.S. I would use contact us from the menu but it requires me to have samsung account. I don't want samsung to force me to create an account!
Terrible. Auto installed bloatware. Wish I could delete. Unfortunately, the only response from Samsung is "sorry, but you're just gonna have to live with it on your device". Like most people, I intensely dislike when big corporations force their wishes on me. I dislike it enough that I won't be buying Samsung products in the future.
I don't have a Samsung device in my house, therefore this app is totally useless. How do I remove it? Worse, the stupid thing crashes and restarts every few minutes. How do I delete this steaming pile of horse exhaust from my phone? The arrogance of phone manufacturers to force their apps onto us when they're not wanted by the owner is impressive. More broadly the upgrade to android 8 has not impressed me... all manner of things are worse than they used to be.
b'HOW DO YOU REMOVE THIS JUNK FROM YOUR PHONE?!? (yes, caps lock intentional, as 3 emails to your "Customer Service" have not been addressed). Inadvertently downloded wrong app. I don\'t need this. I don\'t have these items in my home! Apparently, simply Disabling it is not correct,as it continually \'Stops\' and gives me an error message popup. This, AFTER attempting to simply Remove from phone, and there is no option to do so! ???? Therefore, in MY opinion, this "app" SHOULD be referred to as a VIRUS.'
This comes with my Samsung tablet, and I can't remove it although I have none of the appliances it should work with and I have no need for this at all. Now it wants to update and demands access to various parts of my tablet (which it doesn't get)! It even has 2 instances in the app list. How can I get rid of this annoying thing (bloatware)?
Have never installed or used this app, I don't have any smart devices to ever have the need to use this app. In spite of this Samsung have decided to force this app onto my device and my Google Play Store for months now. I am unable to remove the app and it is starting to get on my nerves that every time I click the "Update all apps" button this thing keeps popping up demanding access to my device. All instructions for removal online demand installation, which I have no interest in doing. Get rid of this piece of rubbish now!
This app requires way to many permissions, which are totally irrelevant. You want my bank account and routing number next? I NEVER use the app and I am not seeing anyway to uninstall. I see the developers constantly respond "Feel free to deny any permission". However the app should NEVER ask for so many permissions. It is way to CREEPY. Mega data collection. There is no way to uninstall or at least prevent update notifications. STOP STOP STOP with the freaking notifications. I have ZERO use for this app.
Way to many permissions, you basically are asking to let you spy on my family through your bloatware... I see a commonality in the answers thus far and sounds like nothing will be done about it as normal. I should be able to delete or at the least disable this as I don't need it.
Zero reason to grant this many permissions. Why do i have to share my contacts, family pictures and my gps location to turn on my devices? This is not yours to steal! Edit: after their reply, i will no longer be purchasing samsung products. This hidden requirement should be illegal
Don't want it, never downloaded it... yet it's there! Cannot delete it, cannot disable it, cannot remove the notification that an update is available! Never used it, do not have a need for it, DO NOT WANT IT! Why can't I give a minus rating for abusive apps that can run in the background without question, that can collect my information without limit, that cannot be removed... like a bad virus! This is malware!
Why am I for forced to update an app that I don't want, have no use for, and asks for too many permissions? Revoked permissions, force stopped the app and would remove it if I could - which I SHOULD be able to do. Instead I have to continually see an error pop up when working in other apps when this thing shouldn't be running.
Please do not force your app on my phone. Not useful, not wanted, did not ask for... please allow me to remove it. Non stop crashes of this app is grinding the operation of my phone to a halt. Check out how much data/memory this worthless app uses. Thanks for nothing Samsung.
I have tried everything to get rid of this app you have made it impossible. I should be able to control my own phone and if I don't want this app I should be able to uninstall it. This better be fixed soon or I will never buy another Samsung and I will let all my friends know
This is bloat ware. I didn't ask for it, I don't use it, I don't want it, but I can't get rid of it without wiping my phone. It's not just this app, all Samsung apps need to have a remove feature. Your taking up MY memory space with YOUR applications we don't want. Here's an idea, create a rewards program for people who keep and use your applications, so it is an incentive and you will get many more happy customers, willing to try to use and take advantage of the great products you do make. Additionally, some people are very security concerned, and we hate Samsung Pay, have no intent to use and are pissed it takes up so much space and leaves such a critical vulnerability.
This app is a nightmare!! It interferes with my phone calls and reduces the sound quality of my voice. The message "SmartThings must close" pops up all the time. I don't need this, but yet can't uninstall it. I don't have enough storage for a useless app like SmartThings. Maybe this will be my last Samsung phone.
I have absolutely zero use for this app. That Samsung makes it not only impossible to uninstall, but to even disable, is borderline outrageous. Based on the many, many negative reviews, you really need to re-think this app-hostage situation.
Why force us? You want your customers run to an equally bad China phone? Be customer friendly. Stop acting as if you are! BUT...thank you for immediately responding. I started using Samsung from Siii mini. It was not available in India and it was never updated. I then ran to G3. Bounced back immediately to C9 pro, though I was forced to pay a higher price of Rs. 38000. Anyway, wish Samsung further growth.
I don't remember installing this app. It better not be listening to me without my consent. I wish you large companies would stop being so sneaky and pushing marketing analytics on us. I remember a time when you could install something because you actually wanted it. Well I don't want this.
Will not give this app any more permissions. Why does it need to see my device and internet history? I don't need this app. I don't want it. I won't use it. I understand Samsung will force its non-uninstallable bloatware on us, but at least give the option to disable so that I don't need to worry about this app accessing my browsing history. Will not update, will not allow permissions, will not use.
Hate this app! I want it off my phone! The idea that just because I bought a Samsung have to use there bloatware is ridiculous! My fear is they are becoming apple!! What the heck people? We should be able to delete the useless stuff that is not needed to each user. Bottom line is offer what you want but give the people that pay good money the option of using our storage the way we want!! Don't become APPLE PLEASE
Samsung's forced malware (cannot be uninstalled or disabled on my "flagship" phone) communicates with nearby Samsung devices even when bluetooth and wifi are disabled. Samsung should be investigated for anti- trust violations (maybe the Sherman anti- trust act) due to the coercive and likely illegal bundling of this invasive trash.
I bought a tablet , period. I have no use for all the junk apps like this that Samsung will not let me delete or disable. A really pathetic way for a company to treat the people who buy the products and keep them in business . If they do not change the way they do business then I will no longer buy Samsung products.
Can't remove this app from the S2 tablet. It shows up in the Play store app update. But it doesn't show up in the app drawer or app settings. It was granted a lot of access privileges that I want to revoke but I can't even see the app in settings. Samsung must be hiding this app from showing on the usual places. According to Play store, this app is running on my device.
Samsung installed this app under the cover of darkness, and I can't uninstall it. I didn't ask for it, I don't want it, and yet it wants access to everything. Seriously??? Are you listening, Samsung idiots?! I already use "SmartThings Classic" for automation, and initially thought this was an updated version. Wrong. Garbage spy/bloatware. FawQ, Samsung.
Absolutely horrible software, forcing me to install it and use it, making it even more frustrating as there's no way to remove it. You intuitively know something's wrong when a app asks for a crazy number of permissions and totally blocks out your control over the device.
I hate this ap!! It was forced onto my phone with an update on my Samsung phone (also forced). It took me 2 months to figure out why I was being charged by Verizon for going over my data plan. I'm considering going back to the old fashioned flip phone because of BS like this.
This app kept asking to connect to devices on my network without any indication on which app was asking for it. There was no app name, and also there wasn't a deny button as well, and I am not someone that will hit confirm and move on. If I want to put other devices on it, please give me the choice to do it. Don't bully me into using it. I am sure it is a nice app, but I do not like being forced to use it.
Keeps showing an error to use other browsers. I am using chrome which is the recommended browser and yet still doesn't work. Similarly tried the Samsung browser with the same error. Not a good first impression for an app that claim to work with "things" when it can't even let you sign in due to not using the Samsung browser!
NEW access required to microphone, camera & device id? For bloatware I never use but can't uninstall? I DON'T THINK SO !!! Looks like DATA HARVESTING. CS reply below is a stock response - this app can't be opened (do I need a connectable device), so I can't tweak permissions....... so I won't be granting them. It will have to sit in my Updates forever..... annoyingly.
My tablet went through an update and this justapp showed up. I have no desire to control anything in my house from my tablet, therefore I do not need this app and would like to uninstall. Unfortunately, I have not been able to find a way to disable or uninstall. Shame on the developer and Samsung for forcing this app on people.
More bloatware from Samsung. Don't need it, don't want it, can't get rid of it. Samsung really sucks sometimes. Edit: Thank you Samsung for the canned response. Now make it possible to delete this bloatware from my tablet. This is madness to simply blanket drop an app like this, and this not a singular experience either. I have several apps that I would love to eliminate, but that would be too good of a customer service for you and probably mean less profits. I am pleased with my tablet overall but there will be only lingering disappointment until this ridiculousness is stopped. Bloatware kills any pleasure of owning a Samsung tablet. Period.
I have factory reset this app since it's useless to me and asks for too many permissions, but now it keeps failing in the background with a notification. This has been reported by multiple other users of this device. Reading reviews we keep hearing how our feedback is heard and you're doing something about it. What I want to know is, when will it be resolved? And is there anything I can do without downloading the stupid app?
The app requires too many permissions. I have set it to never update. I wish I could uninstall it, but Samsung has made it an essential app. Last time I tried to uninstall or disable it, I had to factory wipe the phone to recover basic phone functionality. Support is lying when they say you can deny it permissions. If you deny it even if you have zero smart appliances, the app crashes every few minutes. I have zero smart appliances in my house. I just have this phone. This app is total garbage. Samsung relies on most phone owners to be ignorant.
Typical Samsung bloatware that can't be removed, now I'm stuck with this ugly notification that can't be removed whenever I connect my Gear S3 watch to my phone. As a result I've stopped using the Gear. Not buying Samsung again. NEVER MAKE UNNECESSARY APPS UNINSTALLABLE!
Unable to use on device; conveniently stuck with it anyhow....**edited to add: the update doesn't do anything Ellen from Smartthings. It crashes and causes mishaps within other applications. I also don't need or want it. Make the people happy Samsung; give us the disable feature we want.
I am so tired of trash apps force installed when I purchase new phones. This is the first, AND LAST, Samsung I will buy. I am just want a phone that let's ME download and REMOVE whatever I WANT from MY PROPERTY.
I just got my Galaxy S8 active. Whenever the app would update, it would constantly bring up a pop telling me the app has stopped. The only thing that fixed the issue was turning off auto-update and going back to the factory version. FIX THIS ISSUE!
Not sure how this got on my phone. The only thing samsung I use is a phone. I had a samsung tech tell me their TVs are designed to last 5 years. I quit buying samsung after that TV issue. At that time I had 2 samsung TVs, three samsung blurays, and our phones. I got rid of everything but the phones.
Hate it, no use for it. Would like to uninstaofll it but apparently not possible. Was forced on Samsung phone owners who didn'task for it. Phone hasn't worked like before the addition. Like others battery drains fast because of it. Also full of spyware. Total junk
How do I get this off my phone? I do not need an app to do things for me like turn on the TV or tell me the statis of my computer monitor. I want this off my phine as it keeps messing up my Bluetooth in my car and disconnecting it. Stupid app!
I have no use for this and yet I can't uninstall or even disable it. THIS IS MY PHONE, DON'T FORCE UNWANTED GARBAGE ON ME! Update: I followed your link, all it brings up is a FAQ page with NO INFORMATION ABOUT REMOVAL! I suggest you actually look into your links before telling people that they will solve a problem.
Invasive with permissions demanded without justification for all new additions. Not all can be denied post installation contrary to response. Samsung's commercial interests are not mine. This forcing my permissions to open up had stopped my upgrade plans.
Why is it offered when the banner at the top says this app may not be optimised for your device? Why at all - I don't have any other Samsung devices? 10/5/2018: thanks Tony. I have now found it entitled Samsung Connect in apps / system app, so have removed the complaint about not being an update. I still have no use for it.
It keeps crashing. Not exactly sure what it does but I know it won't show me to do certain things like 1 touch Alarm disable, speed dial it pops up and says error, open app again. I just want to delete this app!
Samsung Things SUCKS! I don't need it, I don't want it on my tablet, it's taking up valuable space, and just because some idiot thinks that I have to have it on my tab, I can't remove it. What a waste of space, time, and frankly, just because of it, I would recommend people NOT TO BUY Samsung products because of it. As for telling me that I should contact Samsung, why the hell would I waste my time doing that? You're not going to remove it, or allow me to remove it...I'm just not going to update it. It would be nice if google play would allow me to rate it lower.
I am disappointed that I cannot remove this preinstalled app. I have absolutely no need for it and it is just a great waste of space. My phone is the only "smart" device I own. I don't even own a TV, smart or otherwise, and no other smart appliances. All this app is is a total waste of space. Please provide a way to uninstall it ASAP. This has changed my opinion of Samsung to "not use friendly". And it's nobody's business to monitor my usages.
I installed this app and now I need to uninstall it. All it does is crash and freeze up my phone every 30 seconds. I would be grateful if it would allow me to uninstall it, but it doesn't allow that option. It doesn't even allow me to disable it. I'm just stick with this app that constantly crashes and lagging my phone! Why did Samsung do this to frustrate me?!?!? I strongly advise not to install this app.
I have no use for smart things app. However I cannot disable or delete. It does not show up in settings apps management. The permissions are intrusive. How do I turn off the damn app? Play store only allows update.
My Google account was hacked and someone ILLEGALLY installed this app I took it off my device once now it's back on and I can not delete of my device nor can deactivate it. How can I take care of this issue please?
Why do I have to have this app on my phone when I DO NOT ever use it?! WILL NEVER USE IT! Just another way for Samsung to get information on me for advertising that doesn't work any way... because this is the last Samsung I will own of any product of theirs!
I do not want this app. I do not want to remotely control my devices. I do not want a "Smart Home." Not only did this app come preinstalled in my phone unable to be uninstalled, but it's not even in my apps list on my phone, just in the play store, so even with package disabler, I'm unable to disable it or get it to stop prompting me for updates and permissions I don't want to give. This is a security risk and unacceptable. I will never be using this app or any other put out by this company, nor will I purchase another Samsung phone.
Bloatware I can not control. Distrust what Samsung FORCES on me. Like your unwantef pay app which is a security threat I can not block. Maybe I should install a generic Android OS to make myself safer. If Samsung apps are such a good thing then Samsung wouldn't be afraid to let me disable it.
I have no need for this bloatware, but i can't delete it and it doesn't even show up in my app list for me to disable it. In the future, maybe wait for people to deliberately download an app if they want it rather than saddling our devices with useless functions, lest we look for an alternate tablet with less bloatware.
Was showing videos etc from my Samsung Galaxy S7 phone to my new Samsung Smart tv mu6300. After a couple of days, the picture of the launch screen of my phone is stuck on the tv. Also, the app is not at all user friendly.
AVOID. On what planet is it acceptable for a TV control app to only run if it has access to my Contacts & Location? Massive overreach! Avoid. Update: Response to my initial review by app developer was as useless as it was patronising. Requires location for Bluetooth to work? Seriously?
I I just want this app off my device. I don't use it I won't use it. Every time I disable or uninstall updates it loads it back on. The intrusive nature of bundled software is what's turning me to a new manufacturer
I have nothing in my house that this app can control. It requires more and more permissions but I can't uninstall or disable it! Why not, Samsung? Edit: the response received from Samsung is basically "give the app all the permissions it asks for, then click on help which turns out to start another app that needs every permission under the sun, then create an account and then you can ask a question". I gave up at that point and cancelled all the permissions. I just want to disable the app because it's useless to me. Samsung have actively chosen to forbid this and I just want to know why.
It keeps stopping, I can't even get it to open It is continuing to crash, how can I not have this app. I hate this. It pops up all the time its stopping. This last update has been the worst ever I used to love my Samsung, now I hate it.
No way to uninstall!! I'm not using programs you force onto my phone and require access to my contacts which have NOTHING to do with what the app is supposed top do. Your reply might carry weight, but based on the hundreds of other replies where a rep says the same thing, it doesn't. Either none of the reps are reporting how many people are against this bloatware from samsung or samsung is ignoring their customers; I'll leave that to you to determine.
This app was automatically installed on my phone by Samsung and is impossible to shut off. I have force stopped it, shut off permissions, blocked notifications, cleared the data and cache, etc. many times, yet it comes back moments later. Plus it will pop up with a notification saying it is shut off - to which I tell it to deny turning back on. I don't want, didn't ask for or ever plan to use my phone to control anything in my house - odd I know in this day, but true. An overbearing memory hog!
Just like a lot of other people, I don't want, need or like this app. I can't delete or disable. Being forced to have unwanted things yet again. Samsung Electronics Co, you say you hear other people's complaints and will pass on, do you and will you - I think not. You haven't done anything about it!!!!! I don't want to hear the same rubbish you have told other reviewers. I just want rid of it.
I seriously hate bloatware for apps that are not at least functional to almost all users. This and the Always On Display apps are things I DO NOT want on my phone, period. I don't own any Samsung smart device nor will I ever because smart appliances are extremely easy to hack. Give the option to delete it!
I cannot use this app as I do not have anything in my home that it will connect to. I cant uninstall it either. Just another useless app forced on those of us Samsung supporters. May be time to switch to Apple, really!!!
Hey samsung! I know your looking at the reviews that people have submitted and I too have it 1 star. To bad you can't give a minus stars, because that's what I would give this app. Hey and by the way thanks for throwing rubbish on to my home screen everytime I unlock it. In all your feedback to users. Not once have I seen you tell someone how to remove this piece of horse poop app! This app is poorly designed and thrown at your customers and you didn't work out the kinks before you launched it. So instead the user has to figure out a way around this poop! So annoying samsung. At least give us the chance to remove this off our phones, please I'm begging you!
I do not want this app on my phone, I can't uninstall it or fully disable it. It slows my phone down to a crawl. Because, it crashes every time I use an app or end a phone call. This has been the deciding factor, in why I won't be buying another Samsung phone.
this worthless app is a security threat and I can't get rid of it. I DO NOT want it. I have ZERO INTEREST in 'smart' devices and I do not want my phone connected to any other device. ADD A GOD DAMN UNINSTALL FEATURE
Stupid poorly designed app, it won't launch unless I allow it to use the microphone and contacts. I don't know what allowing you to datamine my contacts for marketing puposes is required for a smart home. I think i am returning the hub and getting a Wink hub.
Forcing software that I can't disable or remove without voiding my phone's warranty by rooting it is a real problem for me. I have no use for this software and it wants permission to basically control my phone. I don't think so. No updates for you and as soon as humanly possible I will be removing this software. Bad move Samsung, I will definitely look at other brands next time it's time to buy a phone.
Don't need it. Don't want it, but can't remove it. Waaaaay too many permissions for an app I don't personally have any use for. And now it wants additional permissions. Shame on you Samsung. At least give the option to uninstall... I am quite aware of and have disabled permissions. This latest update required additional. This is my hardware, not Samsungs and I should have the ability to remove unwanted applications. Period.
This stupid app auto download itself and now only force closes on me giving a push notification every 5 mins. I just want it uninstalled but there isnt an option.
I just want rid of it! Constantly bugged by demand to be updated. I don't want this app.. don't need it.. Will never use it. Not able to find it in the apps to disable or uninstall it. Can't remove the update demand. Stuck with it!
I don't use this app. If I needed a home automztion app, I would use one that does not need access to my contacts. I would prefer that this app and I could just live and let live. Unfortunately, this app, which is not at all required for the functioning of my device, can't be disabled or uninstalled. Because I have this app even though I don't want it, and because of course it should be possible to remove this app, I feel perfectly entitled to review it as fundamentally flawed and deserving 1 star only because I can't give it zero stars.
Do not like the fact I cannot uninstall it. Never wanted it but you gave it to me any way in an update. You all suck big ones for that. Thanks but no thanks. It is nothing but spyware
What do I think? I think it sucks! It sucks because I can't delete it from MY phone and it's only compatible with common appliances from Samsung. I'm not going to run out and replace my electronics for the sake of one application on my phone.
It is useless and takes up too much space... I have tried disabling it but with no luck... it is useless for me!!! I want it off my phone but cant!!! One of the reasons I have always gotten Samsung is because I don't have to have useless apps on here if I don't need or want them now I have a bunch... May switch again if Samsung keeps this up!!!
I am not going to allow an app on my phone that requires so many permissions and exits if you don't grant them. Immediately removed the app. Numerous other complaints about the permissions being required. Why don't they listen???
A nice app, if you have other things to use it with. I do not, so it is vexing that I cannot get this eternally enabled & updating app off of my phone. In the last 2 years many of the Samsung branded apps are auto installed, and cannot be disabled regardless of the user having no need of it. Samsung has great products- you don't need to force us to like them. We will buy them when we want to. Don't be Apple, guys.
Why can I not disable this app? I get that phones have pre-installed apps but there is usually the ability to disable and uninstall updates. I have no smart objects to connect to, so why is this taking up space on my phone? Makes me not want to use ever if I do eventually need a similar app.
I have zero use for this app, yet it's shoved in my face with no way to turn it off. I don't care about the app, I don't care about its new features. I DO care about apps hogging resources when they have NO business being installed on my phone in the first place. Give me an uninstall option, and I'll definitely have a higher rating for it.
This is not useful and I never installed it. It should be removeable. Sleazy. The fact that Samsung is responding to reviews with something other than a way to remove this app shows how little they care about their customers.
This was a great app until you all decided to make it an all new app. What gives? Why fix something that isn't broke? I like the old "quick connect" better. Uninstalled the new "smart" update. Full of adds and click baiting. Old app... five stars.
I don't want this app on my phone. I want to uninstall it. Samsung won't let me uninstall it. Samsung think they know better than me what I should have on my phone. So they over rule my wishes and make me keep it on my phone. Even though I don't want it and don't use it. That kind of attitude makes me very disappointed . I am not happy with this. It feels like an abuse of privilege to remove the ability to uninstall.
Hundreds of reviews from last year say this app app takes too many permissions and cannot be uninstalled. Samsung says they will address these concerns. The app still takes everything from you and is now asking for even more of your privacy. Disgusting.
I did not choose to install this app. Samsung did all it is doing is filling up my phone's memory without giving me the option to delete it. I hate not even being given the choice to install Samsung apps.
I never consented to this app on my device and its been auto installed even though it says NOT OPTIMISED FOR MY DEVICE. Also cannot remove it!!! This needs to be sorted! Bangout of order and not happy with Samsung for doing this.
I have absolutely NO NEED for this app and Samsung won't let me uninstall it! I do love Samsung's products but at this time I have nothing smart except for my phone. Why can't I just uninstall an app that I have no need for, why does it have to stay and take up valuable space on phone!
I don't need it and want it! Where is the option not to install/update? Why does this need all those permissions? Nothing more than Spyware! I refuse to allow it to update/install. I will work around it until I can remove from my app update list.
Do not allow this to load onto your device. Demands access to contacts, photos, and location or it won't start. Bad start video autoplays over the demand for access. Not needed for anything but can only be "reverted" by the playstore never deletes at all.
I don't have a smart TV, nor any gadgets I can use this app for, yet I can't uninstall it, or even disable it. Why? It takes up storage space for no reason. Useless!
Don't need it, but can't disable it. Constantly crashes and sends errors. This needs to be an OPTIONAL feature!!! Emails to Samsung have resulted in exactly nothing. I'm about to use some 3rd party app to kill it....
I am not sure why this app all of a sudden showed up on my device. I want it gone it does absolutely nothing for me. I dont own any smart Samsung Electronics other than my phone this app is useless to me. How do i get rid of it off my phone to free up space? How can i REMOVE this app off my phone. I want it gone off my phone. Not sure why Samsung Galaxy set this app to my phone without the option to delete it. Keep in mind that not everyone can afford your fancy Electronics. PLEASE REMOVE THIS APP OFF MY DEVICE.
Have a Note 5. Another piece of unneeded bloatware. Why would I want to use my phone as a remote when I have a perfectly working one that came with my Samsung TV? Want to make it useful? Allow our phones to connect to our Samsung TVs to stream documents, music or videos. It can't even be disabled. Don't think I'll purchase any more Samsung phones if they don't allow us to remove these kinds of applications.
I moved away from Samsung stuff. They have really great phones and watches but the bloatware and forcing you to use stuff is just totally gotten out of hand, it's outrageous. I stopped using Samsung about 2 years ago and would never look back..
Incredibly frustrated that I cant remove or uninstall this app from my Samsung 7. Wasnt on here when I bought a year and a half ago.. slows all my other apps when it "stops working" and irritates me that my phone isn't working properly.I would really like to remove this from my phone. This is bloatware and unnecessary
Do not have any use for this app Won't uninstall. Stuck with it. Disabled and now I keep letting a pop up saying it has stopped working. Duh I know I disabled hate this app. Won't leave me alone..you need to be able to take off off. Don't reply with some lame I am sorry either smart things reps I don't want a reply unless it's to tell me how to get off my dam phone
More bloatware from Samsung that can't be removed from my phone. I don't need it, I don't want it, but I can't get rid of it. I disabled it, and now I get a pop up every two minutes that says the app stopped working. I've always felt that Samsung products were the best, but with all the forced updates which change the way my phone works and looks, I'm done with Samsung. This is the last Samsung product I will purchase.
I hate it. It doesnt work right the volume is always locked on full until I look at the screen for a while. It made something that was simple and worked into something much more complicated that doesnt work right and is slower change it back please or don't make it mandatory
Obviously I like the app and find it convenient. For me it works and has 0 problems! However, why the new update requires access to my Camera, Microphone and device ID and call information!?!?!? Don't you think it's a bit too much?? What kind of new feature is worth me giving you such privacy?? Im tired of companies showing 0 respect to our privacy and I will stop updating!! Thanks Samsung! :-(
Just updated my software and found another useless samsung bloatware on my phone. There is no way to uninstall it or disable it. I do not own any other samsung products and will not ever again. I will be switching to apple's iphone when i upgrade my phone. I DO NOT WANT IT! Samsung listen to your customers.
I should be able to uninstall or disable this app, but Samsung thinks its okay to add insane permissions to their apps, and block users from preventing them. Smort. Regarding Samsung's reply. I cannot edit the permissions because the application does not show up. These apps should not be foisted upon users unless explicitly request.
Forced application that cannot be removed. It requires full access to the device, including my contact list. Samsung doesn't explain why it would be interested in my contacts, so malicious intents are assumed. Permissions for the app cannot be managed as it's hidden on the app list.
Given how terrible the security of IoT devices generally is, I have no intention of ever using this. Yet I can't uninstall or disable it and for the rest of time it will be asking for updates and permissions I won't allow it to have. Thanks Samsung. Will not be buying your devices ever again.
Don't need it so why have it. No option to uninstall or shut down permanently. No better than much of the other crapware such as Samsung pay framework which is forced onto the phone, even if you are never going to use it. Wonder what else it does in the background as it says it has permissions which have been turned off but monitoring apps show it has been active?
I can not uninstall and now I keep getting an error every 30 mins. T I have no use for this and find it annoying you force us to keep an app people clearly do not want.
Too intrusive to install on my tablet. It wants to access all my private info including all activity on my device. I am a software engg and know this is not needed for core functions of app. Its a scam. Too sad theses apps pry on unsuspecting insallers
hate it total waste of space on my phone. Like so many "manditory" samsung apps that they do not allow you to uninstall. Seriously considering a flip phone by NOT SAMSUNG
I have no use for this app, but I can't see any way to delete it or stop it asking for updates. Bloatware like this should be a thing of the past!
This app is totally useless to me. The only smart device I own, is the phone I'm writing this review. While I've disabled all its permissions, I should still be allowed to uninstall the ape as well. In the mean time, it tries to update in the backround, and I uninstall ALL updates to the ape. My next step may be to root the phone and get rid of both Samsung AND Sprint apes I don't/won't use.
I don't use this app at all and want to delete it but see I am unable to. The rubish keeps on saying it crashed every dam time I answer a call
All I want to do is delete this! It was added to my phone on the latest system update without my express permission and has a bunch of permissions I won't give but I can't disable or uninstall. VERY frustrating!
I can't uninstall this I don't use it and I uninstalled updates now it keeps popping up it's not functioning right. Read other reviews and NOTHING had changed in almost 2 months
I WILL NOT BE BUYING ANYTHING SAMSUNG (EXCEPT THIS **LAST** PHONE.) Please don't waste your money on appliances especially. Very poor quality IMHO.
"...bring focus on incorporating your feedback..." please make it stop. Too many permissions, can not uninstall it even if you do not use or need it, will not stop trying to update and can not be disabled. How many people have to say that before you incorporate their feedback?
I have a Galaxy S7. SmartThings was NOT pre-installed on my phone. It showed up with the latest Samsung update. I don't want to automate my home or TV. Why is the SmartThings app not able to be uninstalled? I don't plan on giving it any permissions, i.e. I won't be using it. Therefore, I want it off my phone, as I have limited space. Please advise when I will be able to uninstall it. Thank you. (Please don't reply with the canned "so sorry" msg.)
What I think...I think This is an illegal, unwanted, unwarranted invasion of my Constitutional rights, for starters. Putting something in my phone without my permission, gets my p.t.s.d. all up on blast. Very Big Brother, Orwellian, underhanded data mining on another self-inflated, infinitely compromisable company, seeking to profit from people's personal information. They have a Homeland Security wing in this building too?
Uninstalled, updates, still wants to update, can't hide it. It randomly turns on the blue tooth wasting battery. It, should only work when I turn it on not all the time in the background. Tried it now I want to get rid of it and cannot?
app is of 0 use. waste of storage space. waste of processor time, waste of data. Way too many permissions required. no way to get rid of it. in true malware fashion it tries to grant itself permissions if you deny them.
It's stuck. Ever since I updated my phone. I can download an 8gb file faster than this app what is this??? It's lagging my devices causing more necessary apps to stop functioning. Pls help.
Why am I not allowed to delete this bloatware? I don't want to control any smart things so it steals my space, battery and cpu. Theft and trespassing, in my view.
I WISH SAMSUNG WOULD STOP PUTTING APPS ON A NEW PHONE THAT YOU CANNOT DELETE. THIS REALLY ANNOYS ME. WHEN I BUY A NEW PHONE OR A NEW TABLET OR A NEW SMART TV IN FUTURE. I WILL NOT BE BUYING SAMSUNG PRODUCTS EVER AGAIN .. I USE TO LOVE MY SAMSUNG PRODUCTS .BUT NOT ANY MORE. I AS A CUSTOMER SHOULD BE ABLE TO CHOOSE WHAT I WANT AND DONT WANT.......
This app just showed up on my tablet and is wasting space. I just want to remove it back off since I don't have any of these smartphone compatible items anyway.
I DO NOT WANT IT RUNNING IN THE BACKGROUND AND IT KEEPS STARTING ITSELF DRAINING MY BATTERY!! I DO NOT HAVE ANY OTHER SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS TO NEED THIS JUNK FOR!! HOW DO I DELETE IT OR SHUT IT DOWN PERMENENTLY?
Any App that requires access to all your personal stuff, but then doesn't work as expected and yet after having access to everything you own - doesn't allow you to uninstall it... is not just freaky, but dead-on-arrival in my book. Samsung.. if you are listening, this is very unnerving and least expected from a company of your calibre. Could you please create an uninstall feature. I want this thing off my phone as soon as possible. Thanks!
Dont want, dont use it, have no use for it, dont care what it does, cant delete and every few minutes get a prompt that says it stopped working. Very very annoying to constantly see this prompt every couple of minutes. Should not have been made so tjat I could not disable. If I wanted it I would have downloaded it.
Thank you for the reply. The 1 star rating is because of the inability to uninstall. This software is known as bloatware. Don't want or need. Can't disable nor uninstall. I don't do internet of things. I believe having your house connected to the internet is asking for trouble.
This is an unwanted app. I do not use Samsung devices at all except for my phone. Why would I want to control my phone with this app? I will never use this app and would like to NOT receive any more junk like this from Samsung. I should be able to disable this just, or better yet uninstall it. Useless for me and takes up memory space that I could use for other things.
This is a terrible and poorly tested app. It's buggy, unnecessary and and could easily be replaced by much better alternatives from the Google play store. If it was possible to delete it I would in a flash. Unfortunately Samsung have forced me to have it with no uninstall option.
I would like to add my voice to those !!!VERY!!! irritated with this application being forced onto MY phone. It has done nothing but cause problems since it's install. (Crashes constantly) PLEASE PLEASE let me remove this garbage from my phone! I know you thought you were doing us a great favor by creating this app, but I hope I hurt the development team's feelings when I say they blew it. And, I don't care if it's the most perfect piece of software ever written, NEVER! force it on customers that DON'T want it!! (I only clicked one star because I had to.)
Received a "free" Samsung Connect router as a come-on when purchasing a TV. App wouldn't connect to router and since it can't be configured any other way was totally non-functional. Purchased a different brand mesh router and that one worked like a charm.
When I first received the notification that this app was installed without my permission, I decided to do some research on it then checked out the app. Overall I see the potential in this app to be a useful universal controller from my device, but I am just a college student who can only afford a new phone and tablet for school. It will be a few years before I can afford Samsung's other products to control with this app if I choose to buy them, therefore I don't need this app at this moment and should be able to remove it for necessary space until I see a need for it. It gets three stars for effort, but no more until they give an option to entirely remove it.
Hate it, primarily because it has messed up the audio output connection. I'm between, Bluetooth, headphones etc constantly and I can't ever get the option to show up and switch between audio output sources.
I don't want this app and can't Uninstall it! Now my phone is messed up. Samsung do something to fix this like give us the option to Uninstall it or I'll never buy another phone from you again!
So my previous very negative review has dissapeard. Your work samsung? Can't deal with the critisicm? This is the reason i will never buy a samsung device again. Unwanted, crashing, spying and most importantly UNINSTALLABLE piece of bloatwarece of crapware!! And NO samsung I DO NOT want to be forced to share my private details and data with you. Next step .. flashing a custom ROM to get rid of Samsung bloatware and spyware. ...since samsung can't be bothered to provide GOOD service to its PAYING customers...now lets see how long this review stays up..
I just want the option to uninstall. Keep getting error popping up saying it has stopped working when I don't even use it. Won't give option to delete or disable.
Only way this would be remotely helpful for in my life is if it worked as a remote for my TV. (See what I did there?) But the only thing my Samsung powered app will do with my Samsung powered TV is screen mirror. Kinda sad when my boyfriend's G5 can turn my TV on and off but I can't.
I don't want it, don't need it, but I can't uninstall it and it consumes resources. It is a security risk and makes me conider other phone options. If I had the option to uninstall this and other apps that I don't want or use then I would feel differently.
After many days of wondering if my phone was possessed, I found I had this new app that I didn't ask for. This followed the newest software update, which I HAD to let happen (software update) before my phone would continue to work for any other reason! Si central this, my phone had had NO battery life, glitches constantly, and today, sent out emergency SOS messages by itself! I am unhappy that I am not able to uninstall this..I have sent emails, reports, etc... Nothing! Help?
Didn't want this app, it comes automatically with Samsung update and can't uninstall it. I don't like it when they just dump new apps on us and don't give us the option to get rid of it
This app is connecting my phone to my tv without my permission or sithout me doing anything which is a huge problem because some of the things on my phone should not be randomly played on my tv! I need to find a way for my phone to stop connecting to it but i cant even open the app
Why does an app which I do not use and cannot remove suddenly want to update itself to have access to my microphone? GDPR is coming, Samsung. Perhaps you've heard whispers of it?
Please give me the option to delete this unwanted and unrequested App. I made this request previously, in June, but nothing has been done. I fail to see how an organisation like Samsung are unable to provide a delete choice for any of their Apps as a matter of normality. I am incredibly disappointed in the lack of progress in your resolving this issue. As a result, when I come to update my phone I will not be choosing another Samsung. Please feel free to not respond to this email with the usual corporate platitudes but I would appreciate you actually doing something to fix the problem as a matter of urgency. Sean Gregory
It's not often that I do reviews, but this app deserves one: WAY TOO MANY permissions. There's no reason any app should need this many. And it's totally beyond me why some are "necessary" as stated. It's just creepy. And quite honestly, I don't care if you can deny some. You should be able to uninstall the app entirely if it's not wanted. If I could have rated it zero stars, I would have.
This app is pre installed on my phone and i cant remove it. I down own any of the products that use this app and i dont want it. As i can see from previous comments Samsung say they will pass it on and take our comments into consideration but noting seems to be done about it. Please make this app removable.
Forced install in last update, I have no use for this app and it now pops up whenever I receive a call. Why? I have not set up to use it in any way and it is causing issues where I have had none before. Can't uninstall, please sort this out Samsung!!
You have 4 hours to remove your unwanted all off both my tablets. You have deceitfully installed this on my device's just as a virus would. If it is not gone I will take legal action on you. Do hot respond with an automated response. I am certain others will fully support me with a class action. I do not grant you any permissions to see or use my already collected data.
Why is this not optional. I don't want it. I have no use for it. It's permissions are insane. Samsung don't force more bloat into my phone or you'll lose me and my family as customers.
Useless crappy app! Samsung does not read there comments because they don't care. If they actually cared we wouldn't have to install bloatware! Seriously Sam****,shove it.
b'Cant uninstall or disable. Do not want or need. More BS bloatware that you cant get rid of. How about making your apps available to those who want it, without FORCING us to take it?! ??????????'
Horrible app. Must reboot my phone more often now due to this app. And try to disable it, and it enables itself. Have tried to delete it, and it wont delete. Takes up extra memory on phone as well...
Completely useless for me, and can't be removed. I get that it's supposed to be both an ad and a controller for other Samsung devices, but I don't own, need, or even want them. Our landlord would not allow us to use them, even if we could afford them. I loathe forced bloatware like this. Things like this are yet another reason people resort to rooting their phones or changing brands.
I'm glad I switched from another brand to a Samsung, but I'm not a technical person and only use my phone for simple things. I don't need an app like this, but feel kind of forced upon me. I hope you guys are still looking into creating an uninstall option!
Terrible app, will not let you uninstall it. This was loaded on to my phone without my permission in an update from my carrier. It will not disable. You can't uninstall it. Even after I deny it permission to my contacts it gives itself permission again when my phone turns back on. It continues collecting data on you even after you shut data collection down. After you mostly shut down its features it continues to spam you with pop up error messages. This is basically spyware being forced on us by Samsung. On Monday I will be in touch with Samsung support to remove this shameful spyware off my phone. If not then I want my phone's money back and I will buy another device from someone who doesn't treat their customers like this. Shame on you Samsung. And shame on you for the obvious reviews from your staff giving 5 stars. I don't buy it at all. Btw, the following response from Spysung is a robot response. That is how much they care. They just lost thousands from me because I will never buy ANYTHING from them again. This breech of our trust is BS!
Constantly runs in the background wasting resources no matter how many times I close it. I can't disable or uninstall it either even though I will never be able to use it. Typical Samsung bloatware.
un-uninstallable bloatware. if i had devices i wanted to connect to my phone id download one myself, one that actually works, unlike this, according to reviews here...
I have no smart devices in my house and do not have an interest in this program. My wife and i have no intentions on adding them as we have found them bogged down with useless features. The ability to disable or remove this bloated program would be the best outcome.
Would really like to delete or at least disable but can't. Can't block notifications, never use, never will. Most annoying thing on my phone
This app sucks, I can't even use it because none of my devices are supported. It is completely useless and you can't even delete it...... Gee, Thanks for another bloat ware app Samsung......
How come my S8+ wont connect to Wifi in the house, or Hotspot from my other phone? It worked fine up until last weekend, then all of a sudden NOTHING! Stuck out in Middle of Maine with no phone cause it wont connect to any WiFi. Deleted saved wifi and reentered and still nothing? Wth
Old version forced me to "update" to this terrible excuse for an app. The classic version was great and worked, but this version literally doesn't detect any of our dozen Smartthings devices in the house, the hub, our ecobee, or garage door. Garbage update. Not only that, the automations we spent setting up did not port over and have to be set up again, but there aren't any detected devices so that's also pointless. Lastly, requiring contact and storage permissions is unacceptable and invasive. We'll be filing a charge back with our credit card company (thankfully they honor an extra year on top of a purchase) and go to a competitor if this isn't fixed. Please fix it, it was great but now is utter broken garbage.
Is it really necessary to have this lingering on our phones if we will never use it. I would treat this app as a set of giant dice hanging on the rear view mirror. If you want it then by all means have it. Otherwise let us completely remove the app from our devices.
This app is useless. This phone is honestly the ONLY Samsung device I have and I can't uninstall. I can't update apps I actually want because it takes up too much space and no matter how many times I turn off the auto-update, it still updates leaving NO room for the apps I personally have installed on the device. A way to deactivate the app would be amazing for the millions of us who seem to NOT want our fridge and phone talking to each other. I can deactivate all the social media apps, which I also don't use because the permissions are invasions of privacy, why can't I remove this invasion of privacy? Issues of privacy are the reason, among others, that we left Apple, guess we'll just end up leaving Samsung too.
Bloatware. Cannot get this app off my phone. Cant uninstall, then after disabling and removing permissions in apps settings I still get Smarthings keeps stopping message randomly on my Verizon Galaxy S7. Samsung If you keep forcing unwanted apps on my phone you are going keep getting 1 star reviews.
This app is usles. It didn't work with anything and don't want the app on my phone taking up valuable space. I have tried to remove it time and again I can only uninstall the updates not able to remove the app completely . Surly I have that chose. If not I will get rid of the Samsung Phone and replace it with the P20 pro. So come on Samsung let me delete this app or I get rid of all Samsung product's as the TV dosent work any more as all the app's disappeared. Shame on you SAMSUNG control freeks
Uninstalled immediately because it refused to work with out giving it permission to access location, storage, photos and media, and contacts. Completely unnecessary in an app I wanted so I could control my tv.
Still no uninstall option. Accesses personal files and data without permission as it does not permit uninstall or disable which I believe is illegal in the EU. Hope you get fined millions. I don't have, will now never buy or use any Samsung smart products, and unless you provide an uninstall this is my last Sansung phone. Your corporate arrogance is astonishing.
App is not connecting to Tv very frustrated by this app. keeps on saying failed to connect, Tv is off. Very very frustrating and you can't uninstall l need the Quick connect.
How do I completely uninstall this app? It's pointless and useless bloatware to me. I don't want or need it. I hate that it has started popping up all the time. Uuuggghhhhh.
Not only is this app not optimised for my device (a Samsung galaxy tablet...) But I can't delete it, only uninstall updates. So it shows in my pending updates every time, which is frustrating.
SPAM App forces itself into your homescreen and reads all your payments. I already have my bank connected. I want this disabled and to stop trying to force an update. Update: NO, I will not install the app to contact support... I will never install the app. It is 100% a nuance.
This app needs to have the option to look at the history of my sensors. With the old Smart Things Classic, I was able to monitor the change in temperature of my garden outside for example. Maybe add options for monitoring things other then open/close, wet/dry, motion/no motion in the dashboard. Maybe have the option for graphs of temperature, last activity of the sensor (i.e. motion 5 minutes ago...), monitoring sensor vibration instead of just open and close, etc. SmartThings is heading in the right direction. And here are just some more ideas on how to enhance the app. Thanks
It is on my work phone, I will never ever connect it to anything and therefore I want to get rid of it. But no, it's not possible to uninstall or disable. It just sits there taking up space and prompting me for updates with unexplainable amounts of permission requests.
Another app Samsung will not let me remove from my phone. I love your phones but will not be buying another if you do not let me delete apps I have zero use for. I don't have any smart devices!!!
Samsung bloatware that won't allow you to uninstall. ***update to the response*** Why would I click in the app if I just want to delete the stupid thing? You should listen to your customers and allow us to delete the app instead of forcing it on us. Bad product, and awful customer support.
Samsung does not believe users can make their own choices so they force customers to use space on their device for unwanted apps. I don't have a smart home, and I don't want any of the features of this app, but I cannot delete it. When a company respects its users right to their own decisions they get alot of new users, I can't wait to have a phone that doesn't keep notifying me to update an app I don't want.
Update: Bloatware. Can't be uninstalled and now it just occupies space and prevents the "Update All" function from working properly. Can't be disabled either. Useless. Annoying. Losing my brand loyalty to Samsung.
I have no use for it, don't want it, yet it keeps bugging me to update it. I have little respect for app that give you no option to disable an app. It's like malware.
Can't uninstall, only removes updated putting it back to Samsung Connect. Can't even disable this app! Let us remove an app we don't want. Next phone I purchase will be from Google so I don't have to deal with bloatware. Thanks for helping me decide to leave Samsung phones after more than 5 years of Samsung!
Do not need, do not want. It keeps enabling itself and updating despite my having disabled both the app and auto update! (No wonder it's #3 Lifestyle app.)
bloatware. just let us uninstall it. too many permissions. incredibly creepy. symbol always appears at the top of my notifications, so it is certainly doing *something* nobody asked it to. how can you install an app on my phone without my knowledge, and somehow it already has permission for location access? at what point did I grant that permission? I didn't, screw you. if I can't uninstall let me at least disable Edit: "However, the app may not work without some permissions." great! I don't actually want the app to work! I don't actually want the app on my phone at all! update: I can at least uninstall now thank you
I realize it's a preinstalled app. There are several preinstalled apps on this OS as well that 'CAN' be disabled. I see no reason why we shouldn't be able to at least disable this one. I doubt very seriously I will be using this anytime soon. So far, I have not seen any reasonable explanation as to why.
I just received this phone. I liked how it unlocked my phone only when I was at home. Then the update/merge into a new app. It no longer works. It can't find my TV or no longer unlocks my phone at home. Why do you need access to my entire list of information? No. I uninstalled the app. Sadly, I'm very disappointed. I have always had Samsung phones.
Unasked for bloatware like this is why I'm seriously considering making this (my 2nd Samsung phone) my last. Also, to support: please don't bother telling me what this app does if you reply to this review. I know what it does, I'm not uninformed - I just don't want it or will ever use it.
+1 for adding the ability to uninstall this app. There's no reason other than "brand recognition" for forcing this app onto Samsung tablets. But trust me that the recognition you're getting isn't the kind you want.
I do not own a smart tv or any Samsung appliances aside from my phone and so decided to delete this app. I was frustrated that once again Samsung won't allow you to remove their apps completely, and instead can delete the updates, but chose to do this. After deleting all updates my phone began running slowly, the keyboard stopped recognising my typing, and the screen would scroll / flip width ways at any moment. I have had to download this app again just to ensure basic phone functions work. Samsung are ridiculous.
When will we be able to delete these horrendous apps that we don't want or need??? This app only turns tasks that my phone used to do on it's own and easily into saga's that takes ages. This should be illegal to install what I don't want without anyway of removing. NOT HAPPY
This is the most annoying app in the world. You can't delete it. It keeps asking me to give it permissions. I force stop it but it still starts itself back up. Hate it.
b"This app is garbage bloatware that I????DON'T????NEED????. I DO, HOWEVER, NEED A NEW PHONE. Will I get another bloatware Galaxy??? Hmmm... prob NOT. FIX????THIS????NOW????. And I Don't GAF, Ellen Dave, and whomever responds, about what it v can do, I have ZERO USE FOR IT. LET US DELETE OR DISABLE GARBAGE WE DON'T WANT OUR NEED. EVERYONE IS ASKING YOU NICELY AND YOU GIVE US GARBAGE RESPONSES."
In my experience this app is useless. By the default setting of Samsung co.,to install this app without the consultancy of owner will get upset to the user's of Samsung device.
This is an invasive creepy app that I can't delete. I DID NOT ASK FOR AN APP LIKE THIS nor does it show up in my apps lists, so that I can even have a possibility of changing the permissions settings. I hope you guys (Samsung) are happy with yourselves in forcing this Big Brother type collection of personal data. No wonder people get iPhones. This is inappropriate of you.
Didn't ask it, don't want it, will never use it, and DEEPLY resent having it forced onto my tablet. Hell, why don't you stuff Asphalt5 on here while you are it. 40mb wasted. Thanks for nothing Samsung, pat yourselves on the back once for me.
For those wanting to remove this app, the only option is to set your auto'update to manual in both google store and samsung store and unnistall the app updates via store. Also remove any permissions the app may still possess. My next phone will be a damn Xiaomi. It does not bloat as much as samsung does and it's like 10% the price with more battery life. It's not the best option out there but it sure is the cheapest based on the features you get back.
For privacy/security reasons I do NOT want all my devices linked. Hacking is bad now, but it will only get worse as the IOT (internet-of-things) grows. I resent that this software was installed without my permission & that I cannot delete it. I resent that it requires access to my private information (contacts, pictures, listening, etc.). This event makes me seriously consider dropping Samsung products entirely. Please be more transparent & respectful of your customers.
Dumb ! I know need Wi-Fi/internet connection to update my tv so I can watch tv on me phone/play music on tv cos they changed this app from quick connect to this app so basically this option no longer exists for me *updated my phones O.S. but can't update tv using phone hotspot. cheers Samsung for taking away this handy option.
Samsung. This is yet another example of you forcing me to have apps on my phone i will never use. I understand preloading handsets with content. But I as the owner should be able to delete unwanted or unneeded apps. If you want to keep me and others as a customer i would suggest enabling a delete option.
Ever since the change, my Gear S2 isn't working right with my phone. The alarm on my phone used to sync with my watch, now it doesn't. I can't go back to the old app because we are forced to accept the update. If I could give it a quarter star, I would. Thanks for nothing, Samsung. I have a $250 watch and an $850 phone, and the help was useless.
No uninstall option :( Ffs Bixby button and this app are pushing me away from Samsung. You guys make great phones, actually GREAT phones, but are a bit too aggressive in forcing folks to use software they dont want. I could have went Apple if I didnt want software choices but you guys are copying them in the worst possible ways.
Please give us the option to uninstall this app. I don't need it, will never use it. I will not give permission to access everything in my device, that's just absurd and unnecessary.
I spent almost 5 hours this evening trying to figure out why I couldn't get my smart plugs working. As it turns out, it was all because of this app. Once I installed SmartThings Classic I was able to control my devices without issue. Obviously, something got lost in translation to the new app. I'm going to stick with old faithful.
this app might be useful if I could remove it. call me a luddite but why the f do I need my phone connected to my washer? I have nothing to connect it to so it's just wasting space
b"Don't have any Samsung appliances and even if I did I don't need this app. But I keep getting pop ups saying the app has stopped working and I'm not using it!! Please give me the option to uninstall.????"
Device history? Browser info? I don't think so. You say you can skip permissions but you CANNOT. Intrusive bloatware with too many permissions.
I can only echo the other comments here but I'll add...how dumb can the engineers at Samsung be to pull this stunt in today's political climate? I encourage all users to do 2 things 1) write your Reps & Senators and tell them to take action against companies that force spyware on us & 2) when it is time to upgrade DO NOT consider a Samsung product.
This app is not very good this is have more restrictions compare to quick connect... and this app as asking Wi-Fi connection and very bad experience, not there easy to use... Quick connect as easy to use because when I update my mobile this is came automatically it's critical...
I wish i could get rid of all the bloatware that comes preinstalled with Samsung devices. Probably going to find a device that runs stock android for my next. Don't you guys realize that having all this junk clog up space just ruins the experience.it will definitely make me think twice about buying Samsung again.
I did what it says and emailed them. NOTHING BACK! Dreadful customer servce. I DO NOT WANT THIS APP! Give me the option to remove it. Rubbish customer service
This is literally the worst thing ever. It keeps crashing. I cant even disable because it crashes before I can reach the settings. Wth.
Do not download this app! It messes up constantly and may even screw up other apps! Ever since I downloaded it problems have been occuring on other smart apps, I have not been able to prove it yet but suspect this app. Not only that, you can't uninstall it!
Please, for the love of cheese, make all of these apps that are not absolute necessities able to be uninstalled. I purchased an unlocked version of my phone for more than I could have paid from my carrier just so that I wouldn't have all of their garbage apps on it. It is wrong to force people to waste space/memory/time messing with an app that they will never use!!!
Didn't ask for this app. Didn't download it. Will not let me remove it. Keeps flashing error messages on my phone because I refuse to update it. Just want it off my phone.
This app may work fine, I have no idea. What I do know is I have no appliances or devices in my life that this app could connect to, so for me, this is just unwanted bloatware that I can not get rid of.
Doesn't work one bit. My robot vacuum connected but doesn't work with app. Same washer. Been contacting support for a while, no helpful response. Don't waste your time.
This app and Samsung Members app both popped up after updating my phone and can't get rid of them at all. This app alone has changed my whole phone and i hate it!
Of absolutely no use to me! Taking up space on my phone. At least this one was easy to uninstall.. thank you for your response but I think you missed the point. I don't need it I have nothing in my home to use this app for and I would have preferred to install it myself when and if I ever need it. Jaime
Rubbish! Boooooooooooo! Update.. don't know what it does.. Just that i can't get rid of it and it keeps demanding updates and won't let me uninstall.. Please uninstall this app which I don't use and don't know what it does Thanks in advance for fixing as you said you would!
I work in a place that sells samsung appliances. This dumb app that I cant even disable picks them up all the time. Figure out the solution samsung or I'm going to change to a different phone supplier.
Why is this forced on me? I can't delete it. Don't want it. It is useless to me and asks too many permissions. Disabling it brings error messages all three time. It is essentially a virus Samsung inflicted on me.
Didn't want app in the first place why is it everytime my Galaxy has an update new apps are added that I don't need or use. I don't have any other devices that this would be useful for. Why can't uninstall this app? Preloaded great but you should still give us the option to keep or not.
This nothing but Samsung MALWARE. Which is why Samsung won't allow it to be uninstalled or disabled. Stay tuned, Microsoft tried similar underhanded crud.
b"1/8/18 Don't use it, don't need it, got no other Samsung products/devices, stop asking me to update, Don't want to. -\xe2\x98\x86. 12/6/18 nobody want this app, you just give out the same standard reply to everyone. Same reply to everyone, sorry, i'll pass it on to the team, tap tap, gets boring, nothing gets done, 1.8.18 --1\xe2\x98\x86 . 25/8/18 still asking to update this app - NO get rid of the friggin' thing. Do what people are asking for, a choice. 10/9/18 still the friggin' same, Get Rid Of It. Sorry for your troubles, my Assenal. 17/9/18 FFS stop asking me to upgrade this app. It's been long enough now, if you've passed it on to your team why haven't they given the choice to delete it, i know what the app is for BUT i don't want it. Another thing, why is it when i type, the page drops down and i have to lift it up to see what I've written, grr. 8/10/2018, OY YOU Stop asking me to to update this frackin' app. \xe2\x9a\xb0"
Horrendous permissions list. Have all my data, access to my browsing history, all my apps, location, EVERYTHING. No way to uninstall off an S8. Bloatware
Hate it! Automatically installed on my Samsung tablet and have no use for it, but it can't be uninstalled. Waste of space and resources.
I don't want this app, can't delete it Edit this is garbage. This is a bad practice and you should feel bad. I wish i could give all the preinstalled bloat ware and mal ware like this negative stars
Too many privileges. Too aggressive to stay on. Too big and too active. Freezing phone for minute or two repeatingly when failin to restart yet again. Can't uninstall or even properly disable.
Smart Things shows me an error message every time I make or receive a phone call. Why? Should have nothing to do with my phone calls. Let me disable it!!!
I dont want to use this app. Uninstall nor disable is an option so I have force stopped it, blocked notifications, and turned off all permissions. I keep getting very annoying notifications that it has stopped working. I feel I've been hijacked!
Quick Connect worked with my Roku but SmartThings keeps telling me the device isn't available. I wish I hadn't updated. Thus stinks.
Installed by mistake while pairing phone to new car, not have no idea how to get rid of it completely. It's a right pain.. Keeps turning my sound off.. I want it gone.. Tell me how...! DON'T TOUCH THIS APP..!!
I don't want it on my phone but it doesn't come with the option to get rid of it!! I get that it's an app thats preinstalled and connects all your things and bla bla, but I don't want it! Samsung needs to make an option to be able to uninstall!
I don't need this app. I constantly get notifications that the app has closed. I read quite a few of the responses to complaints and nothing is being done so we can uninstall, just you're sorry and on to the next complaint. This is my first Samsung phone, it will be my last. I hate that I must interrupt what I am doing to close the notification that the app has closed!
Malware.Samsung wake up nd see that you are going to ruin your customer base loyalty with your deceptive compulsive software. Ruin your business.in fact sooner or later someone will nudge a subpoena in your inbox then EVERYTHING WILL UNRAVEL, its coming...
I don't want or need this. Trying to switch off it's constant need for attention. Annoying waste of space, hate that it's forced upon me despite my lack of need for it
My phone is the only device at this can connect to so why am I being forced to have it on my phone. Please don't force bloatware on people
A way for Samsung to shove their other products down your throat with no option to delete the app. This was a good phone when I got it, but the constant bloatware updates from Samsung have turned me off using them again.
I don't want this app and don't need this app. Every time I turn on my WiFi to do something....my phone is too busy downloading updates for this mess to do what i want it to do. I want to disable or uninstall but I am not allowed control of my own phone. I used to love Samsung...now, not so much.
Stop telling us that you will "let your team know", everyone who doesn't use this app has been asking for months for an update to uninstall or at the very least totally turn off the app. I refuse to use or update until we get the choice.
Samsung, shady as usual. No option but to be stuck with something that is using permissions I dont want to grant. The only way to revoke permissions is from within the app. But you have to agree to terms and conditions to even get in. Done with Samsung forever after this. Disgusting.
Everything smartthings related (hub, z wave lights, thermostat, etc) no longer works...I'm assuming it's due to the smartthings connect. Hub shows everything's connected, but the "classic" app doesn't load and this one you click an item and nothing happens. I was an avid smartthings supporter until this. Update: Issue was resolved, but app still lacks a friendly user interface. The classic app seems, feels, and looks more of a smart home automation center than the new one. Devices are harder to find, and some of the device handlers that work on the classic app don't work with the new one. I'll still be using the classic app as long as possible.
I refuse to give this app access to my camera and contacts. I'd love to delete it entirely but there's no option to do so. How do I know what it's doing with the permissions it had already? C'mon, Samsung, let me kill this thing.
I don't use this app, cannot uninstall it, but regularly get an error message over the top of what I'm doing to say "Smart Things has stopped". Frustrating!
Un-uninstallable bloatware. Bonus points: Now it demands permissions for everything under the sun. Even wants access to contacts. This is my first Samsung phone, and I won't be getting another one when it's time to switch up.
I have been very happy with quick connect. As soon as I received the notice to upgrade I did. The app refused to work because I would not allow access to the microphone. I do not see the need for that permission. I reverted to the original version of the app. Again integrated with my TV without problems. Another issue could be that all my WiFi passwords at home are gone. I had to reenter them. I have no idea if this app caused it but is the only update or change in settings I did today. After my good experience with the app this update was a total disappointment.
I don't want it and can't uninstall. Waste of space on my phone and has an annoying tab in my notifications. Probably a decent app.
I did not install this nor do I want it on my phone. Samsung really needs to allow us to uninstall or disable this and many other not wanted apps that are killing my battery so incredibly quickly and overheating it from the constant charging! I am thisclose to getting the newest LG phone - I have one payment left on this phone and I'm most likely done with Samsung after at least a half a dozen Samsung phones over the years. Give us choices Samsung. I'm not the only one who feels like this.
Seems more like a virus to me it completely restarted my phone now my Bluetooth speaker won't play as loud as it used to and I can't delete it my phone is telling me how to do everything as if I've just got it. So annoying!!!
More useless uninstallable bloatware from the master of bloatware. Thanks to the various non-root software written specifically to disable this Samsung garbage.
I don't have any "smart" things...so have no use for this app that has pushed it's way in. I'm not allowed to remove it or disable it. It's taking up space I could use for something useful. I'm tired of things being put on my device without my consent...then being stuck with it. It's rude.
I WANTED IT REMOVED FROM MY PHONE... S.O.S. ... PLEASE TRY TO ACCOMPLISH THIS IMMEDIATELY AS IT IS NOTHING EXCEPT AN EASY ACCESS FOR HACKERS. ***REMOVE IT NOW***
I don't have any "samsung smart tv appliances" or whatever and don't really plan to get any. So this application is useless for me. Nevertheless, it can't be uninstalled, it sits there eating up memory and storage, downloads updates etc. This should not be like that.
Don't have Smart devices so don't want constant requests to update an unwanted app I'm forced to have. Please allow us to uninstall bloatware.
Shame on you Samsung. This should be able to be uninstalled. Period. Not only do your phones screens have awful burn-in issues after 6 months that you won't fix...you also force spyware on us. Back to Apple.
Samsung software Blocks anonymous or unwanted calls but constantly alerts me when they still call! Samsung offers no option to stop alerts. Had to get 3rd party app "mr.number" to completely block unwanted calls.
Another Samsung bloatware app you can't remove! Useless yet can't be uninstalled!! At least let me force stop or disable please!!! Followup after Samsung Reply: How can I contact you as suggested from the app if the App doesn't have a widget? Clueless!! If possible, the ability to uninstall two apps that are wasting resources on my Samsung Tablet because the Samsung 40" tv that I've tried many many times to update the firmware including attempts to remotely update by Samsung CS, and also mailing flash drive to attempt to update fw so I could connect 3 Samsung tablets or 4 different Samsung phones!
What sort of rubbish is this, It say: "it may not be compatible with your device"....and still pushing me to make a bloody update!!! Can't find way to block or to completely remove it from my tablet. Thanks, but can't understand why you are pushing people to install and use something they don't want? Shame on you!! ....Follow up...thank you Ellen for getting in touch with customers, and being apologetic. Still no solution how to uninstall this unnecessary piece of software. Obviously we have to accept to live with anything Samsung decided to put on our expensive devices without choice to customers to use it or remove it. That's something to think about next time when is time do replace old device with new one . Solution is more than obvious: different brand ! Kind regards !
I WANT TO DELETE THIS APP NOW SERIOULY SAMSUMG WHY DO YOU HAVE TO HAVE PRIVATE CONTACTS AND LICATION ON OUR PRIVATE PAID PHONES.? THIS IS NO MEANS RIGHT PRIVACY REMEMBER #1 SERVICE SAMSUNG BULL-----. I DONT HAVE ANYTHING IN MY HOME THAT O NEED THIS STUPID APP. GOOD GOD WHAT ELSE ATE YOU GOING TO WANT AS A CUSTOMER GOODBYE AFTER MY CONTTACT IS UP. I SHOULD BE ABLE TO UNINSTALL ANY APP I WANT THAT I DONT WANT ON MY PERSONAL PHONE I PAY FOR OUT OF MY PERSONAL MONEY STAY OUT OF CUSTOMERS BUSINESS!!!!! Now I keep getting a pop up that say close app. What the heck I dont want this app. This is some sort of scam. Reporting this app.
While the app installs fine on my Nexus 6P and even sees my Samsung MU6300 TV it cannot connect to it. I've reinstalled several times. The Samsung Smart View app doesn't work either. The only app that I've been able to use with the TV is a non-Samsung app called "TV (Samsung) Remote Control | Smart & WiFi" by Backslash. It's using the IP interface to the TV. Am I using the wrong Samsung app? I'm very disappointed that I can't get an official Samsung Android app to control my TV.
This app controls too many things, demands too many permissions, and cannot even be disabled, let alone uninstalled. What is good about that? It is an enormous security risk with no opt out.
I do not want any "smart" appliances yet, so I don't appreciate this being forced on the phone with no option to outright disable it. At least I call pull all it's permissions, but since Samsung should let me remove it, 1 star. Google, put a damn headphone jack back in your phones and I'll switch from Samsung.
I don't use it nor plan on using. I hate preinstalled apps. They take up too much space, and you can't even disable. They always update and take up more storage every time.
Why is this on my phone? I dont need this app and do not want it on my phone. However I am unable to delete it. I have not sure why Samsung are still pumping out bloatware.
I don't use your app but cannot remove it. Don't send an automated reply you would like to get more detail. If you really want to be helpful you might let me know how to remove it. It's not I dont like it, I just don't use it.
It's always asking me to update it and honestly I dont need this smart application. I will never use it and the worst thing is that we are not able to delete it or simply disable it for ever. We are paying so much for those mobiles that I think we have to be able to delete every application we wont use! We should have the rights to do it!
Yet another Samsung app that I never wanted, I cannot uninstall, it is not even listed among my settings/apps so it cannot be disabled or force stopped either. While I am happy with the hardware in general it is apps like this that makes me sure that I would never ever consider buying a Samsung device again. Ever. It just pops up and asks for more permissions, out of the blue.
Rubbish that we can't get rid of. Another reason, as if I needed one, for why my next phone will not be Samsung. This app is constantly crashing, and it does nothing. It wants access to everything and can't be uninstalled. Samsung can eat it. I Force quit it after the tenth 'smart things had stopped' error. Most inaccurately named app to date. Looking at the reviews, full off bot reviews from Samsung. They think their customers are idiots.
Cannot disable or uninstall. Might honestly be a great app but none of my samsung appliances are compatible. app is draining battery unnecessary. Please give option to disable.
Don't need it, don't use it, don't want it! But you can't remove it! Come on Samsung get real and allow your consumers to choose apps for themselves, or are you too afraid of the competition? I for one am getting cheesed off and annoyed with you and I think I will move my loyalty elsewhere!
I hate when devices have their own apps that the brand ... ie. Samsung.. forces u to keep... when you know you will NEVER use it... and are not given the option to uninstall it... or disable it. The only thing i own from Samsung is this Tablet.
b"I've read most of the reviews here. Doesn't sound like a app I want to use But here's an idea?? to your developers: on many apps they have a tutorial ?? video available At the Top ?? of the app allowing Users to ACTUALLY see Just what the app does. Why not do that, as that may Help clear up many issues Users are having with connect. Plus help those of us that Haven't used it yet by adding the information \xe2\x84\xb9 (* your help sites your adding in the reviews. This way I'm not having to scroll and write Down all the information \xe2\x84\xb9 Samsung support replied to in the reviews!*) In the video to where users can go to Fix issues! I lol ?? at the review to the guy with his utensils in his drawer. That explained Any app the Best! Plus I know I won't need it. I conserve my electricity by Unplugging All my appliances when not in use (not my refrigerators though) one other thing Samsung, it's enuf that the USA ???? government monitors What we use each time. Why do you want to know what I'm using? ~"
Follow up review. Samsung's reply was meaningless and irrelevant. Did not receive a useful solution to the issue of app turning itself on and running in background. Cannot disable or uninstall an app I do not want. It waste battery and system resources. Have zero control of a app that is design for connecting with and controlling other devices. App can access and send or receive files from other devices. It has never indicated what it has connected with but has used data for some reason. Files are transferred by Bluetooth which doesn't keep a record of what devices it connected with or what files were shared. Horrible horrible app. From a horrible horrible company. Shame on you Samsung shame on you
Don't need. Don't want. Can't remove. You don't need unfettered access to my life. Seriously, allow me to remove this spyware and I'll remove my review. Useless to me, Useful for data mining. In the time it has taken for your customer service to respond to every one of our complaints of not being able to uninstall it you could have developed a better reason to tell us why you need all of these permissions or at least have allowed us to uninstall this pile of excrement. You keep saying in your responses that we can disable certain permissions but with disabling one permission at a time your app fails to work unless all permissions are granted. Who are you selling our data to? Why will you not disclose the need for these permissions and the the use of all of this data. We are humans with rights to our privacy and should be able to understand what data is being collected and where it is being used with the full ability to restrict what we want.
Well looks like I'll never be updating this app. The permissions it requires with no explanation as to why is far to sketchy. That's too bad Samsung, you had a good app and you threw it out the window. Time to go put this app to sleep and never use it again.
Well is absolutely useless I have smart appliances and I will not conect them to the phone. I love my phone and all my apps but that one smart things is a dumb idea they can keep it. Peope do not waste your time. DO NOT install the app.
Crashes several times evey hour, and no option to disable or uninstall. I never opened it, and it still crashes.
I have no smart devices I have no Samsung account and all of a sudden this app asks to update it's not even listed as installed god I Hate bloatware that comes with your device. When will we be able to control what we want on OUR PHONES TABLETS ETC
This app totally sucks ass. What's with all the permissions? You took something that was simple and fun to use. And you destroyed it. I love you Samsung..but today you suck.
This app keeps freezing my phone. I don't want it, won't use it and want to know how to disable and remove it please
It looks like a good app, but I don't use it, can't uninstall it, and it demands literally every permission it can ask for. So it's basically worthless to most consumers.
App is very bad. All the time issue. Cannot download controller. Cannot connect. And in the end I learned that I have to redo all my Smartthings cause Samsung does not know how to merge accounts properly. Update: Cannot download controller seems related to Android 8.1. Checked 2 phones with 8.1 and 1 phone with 7.1.1 and only the last one works.
Over and over it pops up saying its stopped working. I don't want this stupid app and I want it to go away!
I don't have any devices this app controls. I cannot uninstall this app, nor can I disable it. I can force it to stop, after which my phone continuously notifies me that the app has stopped. I do not want this app, but Samsung forces me to have it. I hate it, and my next phone will not be a Samsung.
Like many others, I did not install this app (or the seemingly thousand others!), but rather had it foisted on me by Samsung/Verizon. We just switched to Verizon from AT&T and now I'm wondering if this was a good choice. My old Samsung phone never auto-installed apps. Why can't consumers choose what we do and don't want on our phones?? I have ZERO interest in using an app like this or the others that are taking up nearly half of my brand new phone's memory! PLEAS listen to your customers and let us UNINSTALL not only this app, but also all the other useless unwanted apps YOU have chosen to add to our phone
Dont want this app on my device (constantly crashing) but there is no option to uninstall it. Give me control over what is on my device
This app installed during an update on my phone. I am unable to uninstall it too. It crashes several times a day randomly, so I decided to try and open it. It crashed and froze my phone. I don't like to ever leave negative reviews but this has been making me crazy, and making my phone which worked amazingly to something that makes me hate it. Fix your app or let people disable/uninstall.
Bought $4,000 of Samsung kitchen appliances and a Powerbot R7040 from best buy that stopped working after 1 month. Samsung Connect app couldn't connect to Powerbot. Bought 2 Smartthings homekits and gave 2nd hub to family. Now forced to use Samsung Connect but nothing works. Keeps saying checking status of 10 devices from homekit. Cannot add new device and cannot add automation! Poor job in rolling this out. If my team signed off on QA/UAT testing we would all be checking the classified job listings.
I don't have any Samsung smart devices, yet I can't disable the app in my tablet!!! Besides this it says on the Google Play menu that "This app may not optimized for your device" I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 inches and I get these surprises. I also hate the fact that it asks so many permissions. Why?
Preinstalled spyware by Samsung. Yes please tell me how to uninstall it from my phone. Pretty misleading saying 100 million people installed this when it just came with your phone and there is no way to remove it.
Very annoying, dont know what this app does or why it wants so many permissions, cant find a way to remove it so everytime i have a bunch of other apps to update i have to decline allowing this app permission to a bunch of things it doesnt need to know, hope its not slowing my device down for an app i have no need for but cant remove
I DO NOT WANT THIS APP ON MY PHONE. BUT there is NO option to UNINSTALL. Not happy Samsung. Our family of 8 have used Samsung mobiles for 7 years and will reconsider our future mobile phone purchases if this is not speedily fixed to UNINSTALL
I never voluntarily installed this garbage spyware/bloatware app. Your sorry, dumpster juice swilling developers forced it on me and millions of other loyal customers. It would have been more polite for you to fling feces at your customers than forxe this app on our devices. The least Samsung could do is give the option to disable or uninstall it for those of us who don't want it on our phone. That's too much to ask for because we get continuous lip service from your "customer service reps", all while getting the "Smart Things has failed to work" notification as our phone crashes. Why do you hate your loyal customers, Samsung? I'd give this zero or negative stars but that isn't an option either.
This is horrible. I've never been inclined to write a negative review. However after this forced update I am no longer able to connect to my TV! I was able to use all the functionalities of my Smart TV to it's perfectly fine extent and now after this update, my TV is only able to mirror the phone and I am not able to use the Smart TV to its fullest capacity! I called samsung support and their answers "this device is not compatible" so why was it working PERFECTLY FINE prior to the update???? It's a 2017 TV just purchased recently, why wouldn't it be compatible?? "yeah sorry sir we cannot answer that" Great! I just lost the Smart TV functions rendering the "SmartTV" capabilities useless. This is completely ridiculous and after being a long standing loyal samsung customer I am truly on the brink of taking my business elsewhere because all they do is blame the customer!!!!!!
Continuously breaks and causes my phone to show sure message. Obviously another app I can not uninstall. If you force me to have an app on my phone, make it less buggy!
I literally have no use for this app at all. So it's really really annoying that I can't even disable this. Seriously this app literally serves me no purpose and yet its stuck on my phone.
Too many permissions. Unnecessary permissions being asked for like contacts and browser history. Shady development team. Should at least explain why those permissions are needed. Can't uninstall.
@&*#^$%!&@^$* (this is me screaming) this app keeps popping up saying that it has stopped working. It freezes my phone and I'm highly irritated with it. I never installed this flipping app. And there's NO WAY OF UNINSTALLING IT! GET THIS DAMN THING OFF MY PHONE. It's a horrible app and I don't want it !!! Samsung get your a$$ in gear and delete this thing or give us a way to be able to uninstall it ourselves!
How do I get this off my phone?? I hate it. I don't use it but it uses my resources and I always get crashing reports.
If you have been working so hard to make this app so much better for us give us the option to DELETE the app and download it only WHEN I need the app. I have no use for this so stop forcing it on me and telling me to up data it.
Stop installing things I didn't ask for. Seriously considering another brand of phone after 5 Galaxy phones. Don't want bixby or any of the other bloatware that can't be uninstalled.
I WANT TO DELETE THIS. I keep getting notifications to update. I DON'T WANT TO UPDATE. I WANT TO DELETE IT!!!! I had to "give" a star. I wish it could be 5 star yet it would be NEGATIVE 5 star. Why can't I DELETE/GET RID of this? So annoying!
Can you please give the people who want this permanently deleted, instructions to do so? Seems like a scam! Shame on you Samsung!
I DO NOT WANT OR NEED THIS APP I WANT TO DELETE IT ,BUT YOU FORCED IT ON MY PHONE I HAVE NO NEED OR USE FOR THIS APP I HOPE YOU READ THIS AND PUT A UNISTALL BUTTON ON HERE PLEASE GET THIS LOUD MESSAGE
Why do I need to have this thing installed if I don't want to use it?? Ugh Samsung phones come with SO MANY bloatware, all adding to slow my phone down, when it's supposedly more powerful than my previous Sony Z3. I'm not falling for this again -_-
I'm terrified of updates to this app, because reviews get worse with each passing month. My only "use" for this app is to connect Bluetooth in my car, which frankly I can do without a specialized app. I feel lucky to be stranded on a version of the app that doesn't randomly fail all the time, but I am worried that an OS update will suddenly make it incompatible with my phone. If I could uninstall or disable this app, I might give it 2 stars, but as it is I want to rate it a zero or negative score. This app is the final straw with Samsung. I will never buy another Galaxy phone again, and I've been using these since the first generation.
Been installed without me asking too. And an update wants access to the camera, microphone, and calls! No thanks, so skipping that update. Will try and install now.
I don't have any use for this app and cannot remove it. Just wasting space on my tablet.
An app that requests permission to use absolutely every part of security on the device in a world that's already uber hacked! Pointless app auto updated using permissions I didn't accept to begin with. Why?
I can't remove this from my phone and it's been given access to everything, all my photos contacts emails, everything! Why an app which is to control smart TVs needs to read my emails I have no idea!
I am currently needing to use the wifi calling feature on my phone do to an issue with our cell tower, now this app keeps freezing my phone, disconnecting my calls and disabling my wifi. I have important phone calls that I am losing and it is effecting me not to mention trying to plan my daughters wedding only to keep getting disconnected from everything I do with my phone! I have always swore I would never use any other brand phone except Samsung but if this is not fix within a few day I will be changing since this phone is now useless to my needs.
I didn't ask for it, I don't want it and have nothing SMART enough to use it for. Please send info on how to remove it. A lot of people want to know and have already asked how to remove it!
I dont want this and never downloaded it. It's invasive and unwanted. Up to this point I had no issues with samsung
I do not have smart appliances or other items to use with this. However, this app keeps trying to run, takes up valuable memory and resources on my device, and I can't remove this unwanted bloatware. Very frustrating.
Let us remove this privacy invasive bloatware. Samsung apps are all terrible. I look forward to your terrible canned response stating you understand. LoL
I really just want this app gone. If I could disable it completely or at least disable all of the ridiculous permissions I would be satisfied. I cannot find the app to even attempt to disable it except for when it wants to update.
Completely useless app. After it forced me to update it, all my apps started to crash one after another. It's practically rendered my phone useless! And now apps crashing keeps happening and there's nothing I can do about it.
Too many permissions to give and not even useful for everybody. Why do I need to allow you to see my contacts for example when I only want to control my TV?
Still popping up and slowing my phone down. And guess what? Samsung STILL won't let me remove it from my phone. Wonderful job with the update guys, love this new annoyance.
this app should be voluntary. I don't need this app because I don't have any other samsung device to connect to. stopped updating it and keeps giving me this error that it stopped working. turned off permissions, and the next day, it was turned on again. get this off my phone!
Guys, reading through the continued negative feedback and reports from people wanting this removed from their systems should now clearly indicate the need for you to deliver. Your same response every time about how you will report this feedback etc is just now insulting people's intelligence, as the sheer number of people asking to have the ability to remove this app clearly justifies the need to do so. Please do not respond unless you actually are interested in actuality doing something about this problem.
I cannot remove it. It is continuously informing me that it had stopped even when I have not opened or used it. It has put me off getting another Samsung if I have to put up with software I don't want or need.
Useless. The only Samsung thing I have is this phone but can't get rid of this bloatware. Get your act together Samsung!
As of 6/26/18 I still can't uninstall. If I wanted it or it was good I would install it myself, but instead i am forced to have an app I don't want. It is just bloatware.
Another Samsung bloatware app. Are they trying to get me to switch phones. I only have one Samsung phone I don't need an app to control it. At least make the stupid thing removable. Kriffin sakes
Just because I have a Samsung tablet or phone doesn't mean I automatically want it bloated with every Samsung app that might ever be invented. Far too many invasive opportunities & spying going on with "smart" devices. Don't give me an app I can't even uninstall.
Absolutely sucks. Trying to uninstall and reinstall my old version of Quick Connect but can't find the version that was originally installed on my S7 Edge. I hate Samsung's updates.
Pointless. Didnt want it and it annoys me. Even when i turn it off it bloody pops up!
hidden bloatware? App hidden? Google says this app is installed, but this app doesn't show up in system apps management. If is installed, can't be found to manage permissions which is VERY BAD
b"I don't why I purchased this tablet; I got burnt bad by my last Samsung product a Samsung S3 phone what a piece of sampoopysung.. Never looked back iPhones gives me more bang for my hard earned money ??"
As all the other reviews say, why does Samsung need to force this stuff on everyone? I have no desire to use this (and no Samsung devices currently with which to use it) and given the way the company is heading I don't think I ever will be buying another Samsung product. A massive thumbs down from me - poor work Samsung
I don't have any Samsung smart devices save my phone, and it won't let disable or uninstall this app. At least I was able to revoke permissions.
Never installed this, Samsung forces it on anyone that buys their phones. I just ignored it till it started saying it needs an update for new permissions and one of those is to be able to see my browser history. Even if I did have any compatible devices I don't understand why this would need to see that. Uninstalled as much as Samsung will let me. Samsung make the best phones just now, but it's stuff like this that keeps the other manufacturers in the game.
I just got an S7 Edge yesterday, and I'm not sure if this app could look more like spyware. Why so many permissions for some bloatware app? Doesn't make any sense
Bloatware and spyware you can't remove or disable. Can't wait to get any other branded phone. F Samsung.
I neither want nor need this garbage app on my phone that interrupts and interferes with my other phone apps. Figure out a way to remove this trash from my phone. So much bloatware installs from this phone, I'm ready to jump ship to a different OS. Shame on you sucking up my storage & battery life with this background junk.
Another trash app, it's worst than bixby. I don't need a clunky app, to help manage my Bluetooth devices, you aweful software maker.
Pile of useless bloatware it's my phone not yours I will decide what runs on it had to root to remove this garbage I wonder how legal your forced permissions are under gdpr not very I would wager time for a complaint to be filed I think it's the only thing you data grasping tossers will listen to telling me to open app and use help menu means I must grant it permissions which I won't do can you not understand that forced permissions are not choice they are forced which breaks the e.u. gdpr so I suggest you fix it. Still no remove or disable option you really know how to piss off your loyal ex customers the negative views should tell you how wrong you got this. Interesting news today Google fined 4.3 billion for forcing there ecosystem on people hope phone manufacturers are next. As for all the we will request an uninstall option we as your customers demand it your stock replies to complaints are just patronising garbage and you wonder why you can't sell s9s this app and your smarthub had over 20 serious security issues but still you force run it .
AWFUL! cant be unistalled. Forced on by samsung with new software update which has slowed my s7 down. The app wants to now about all my browsing history ect... it is basicly spyware! I do not agree with this! Very disapointed samsung customer! Happens just in time for my upgrade which has now put me off upgrading to the s9 :(
Constantly crashing my phone out saying it isn't working... sent error reports and still no further...
Smart Things sucks. It installed itself on an update, and I cant get rid of it. It gets in the way of phone calls and is a complete PIA
I never wanted this junk on my phone. Now it wants to update and gain access to my camera and microphone. Last Samsung phone I will ever own.
I detest apps that can't be disabled, even if I don't have any use what so ever for it. Pre-install, fine, but let me disable the stuff I don't need.
Keeps popping up and on? I do not have a smart tv so I have no need for this completely useless app and it won't let me uninstall. Not cool Samsung.
Updated 8/8. Still can't get this off my tablet or off my update list. Im NOT updating it, so I guess it will stay on the update list forever!! You go to your apps in tablet settings & it's listed twice. Force stop & delete data but it just comes back on. How the he<< do I get this worthless junk off my update list?? I have no need for it. Must have come with tablet. I can't uninstall the damn thing either!!
SmartThings behaves just like a virus. It is unforgiveable to force this on people with no uninstall. My only choice was to remove permissions and disable notifications. Twenty seconds later it sneakily used its Apps that can change system settings to put it all back. Force stop lasted for about a minute. I want this thing off my phone! Developers and their managers should be fired.
Never use it, blocked notifications, yet everyday, sometimes multiple times a day, I get a pop-up in the middle of the screen, letting me know it's jacked up and has to close. It requires I hit ok to dismiss the notification.
I never put this on my phone, have removed it a few times already, but it keeps coming back. This time, I can't seem to remove it at all! I don't have anything compatible to use it with, it's just eating up space on my phone! Please let us uninstall this app. This is not fair.
I don't use it don't want it can't shut it off. How does it have access to my pictures and contacts and all the other things i don't want this app into. Can't remove icon from home screen.
More Samsung bloatware. I don't have any smart devices to control, can't unistall and the damn thing continues to run (and crash!) daily. My next phone will not be a Samsung.
Recent phone update added this bloatware to my device and it switched the auto updates back on that I had turned off. It also over rid my settings on permissions for many apps! Guess Samsung didn't learn their lesson in that last law suit? I will be filing a complaint to the DOJ and my State AGO. I suggest others do the same!
You can stop this crabby app from auto updating in the play store. Find the app and hit the drop down menu in the top right corner ad uncheck 'Auto Update' Sucks but a fix for now.
Never wanted it. Wont let me take it off my phone forcing itself to update seriously take the flipping hint
Bloatware. If I wanted an app to do this I'd install one myself. The quality of the app itself is irrelevant.
Insanely slow making it useless on my Google Pixel. Will be going back to the classic ap. Works fine on wife's iPhone.
Hate it and very well be the reason for me leaving Samsung. I have already posted on Facebook and will continue use social media to make it known what a POS IT IS TO FORCE GARBAGE ON PEOPLE
Connected my new washing machine but every time I try to choose any options for it via the app it say failed to authenticate with Samsung account!!!! My account is logged in and cant find any way of getting this done so at the moment I'm not a happy Easter bunny. Any ideas on how tonsort this problem out
I don't want this. Why can't I delete it? This is MY tablet, not Samsung's. IoT is for chumps. A response to another review, from Samsung, suggests that privileges may be removed. But NO! SmartThings and Samsung Connect are both absent from Settings/Apps so privileges CANNOT be removed, or disabled. Jerk bloatware.
Everything is great except the "Notify Me" action doesn't always work on automatons. I have a few automatons set up to notify me when certain things happen (i.e. multipurpose sensor = open), but on occasions I don't get the notification, however I do see the event logged under the Notifications history.
Samsung shows once more gross ineptitude and recklessness. Suddenly, all of the blue our office controls are all lost in the 'classic' app and nothing works anymore and THIS app not only steals data (contacts), requires the most exotic permissions, (I don't WANT to give you creepy people at Samsung location access and you should not need it), but also doesn't find any of our 112 'things', not even Samsung's own 'SmartThings' hub. Samsung is just completely inconsiderate of the impact its erratic and outright reckless decisions to 'just do what Samsung wants when Samsung wants it' is doing to its customers. That's it. Game over Samsung. You, your apps, and your hardware have been ejected from this company and we will in the future refrain from getting any Samsung products.
Poor connection between s7 edge and samsung 6 series (50). Old pre-installed remote control app was excellent compared to this one.
Not a fan of apps that I cannot uninstall or disable. Edit: Thanks, but you totally avoided my question. YOUR PERMISSIONS ASK FOR A CALL LOG TRANSFER, why? & A TON OF OTHER SKETCHY BLOATWARE. Nefarious.
Bloatware - I might've downloaded it if I had IoT appliances in my house but that's not going to happen anytime soon. Redeem yourselves and tell me how to disable it so that it doesn't show as needing updates
Cannot uninstall i don't want or need this it was installed without my permission!!! I will boycott samsung for everything TV's appliances ect.. I see a new apple product in my future If this stays on my phone.
HATE the way Samsung has FORCED this app upon me! My phone is slower, there are more ads constantly interrupting my activities, and more spying than ever. I WANT A CHOICE in installing apps! Samsung, you have taken that away from users. This is intrusive. SAMSUNG, PLEASE STOP FORCING APPS ON YOUR USERS! I want you to require my permission prior to installing any apps and an uninstall option for this! ENOUGH! Are you hearing me??? You are going to lose me as a customer!
I hate that i cant delete it. I accidentally installed it and now i cant delete it from my phone. Dont even bother....
I have no use for this app . It can't uninstall it and on the last update is asking permission for my contacts photos and other things that has nothing to do with being able to control other devices. Why is this app built in and not removeable . My phone works just fine without it . If I could i wouldn't even give it 1 star but the reveiw for this app won't let me. I really like samsung but being forced to have a bunch of samsung app that can't be removed that don't seem to affect the performance of the phone is starting to get ad bad as Apples I.phone . I should be able to choose what info the app has permission to use because my contacts and pictures have nothing to do with controling other devives.
Totally irrelevant app as I don't have anything smart connected. Won't let me delete it or stop updates. I am sure it would be fine if I downloaded it or had the need for it.
I dont want an app that controls things in my house or anywhere! KGB MUCH? HATE THIS APP & WANT IT OFF MY BLOODY PHONE! IT IS TAKING UP SPACE THAT SOMETHING I MIGHT WANT ON MY PHONE & CANT HAVE BECAUSE OF THIS RETARTED APP!!!!
Don't want it, don't need it, but every time I connect my bluetooth headset, smartthings wants to turn on. I've disabled this app numerous times, but like previous reviews, it keeps coming back. I want to totally uninstall this app but I cannot.
I hate this app together with the "new software update" I don't understand why I have to let the system update something that I've been perfectly fine with. Everytime Samsung updates the software to me make it worse instead of better. Here I'm dealing with something don't sometimes don't even let me used my password or some apps stopped working don't let me take videos or pics. I totally hate it. I don't have smart appliances in my home know if the software has a virus but since the stupid update that I didn't wanted my cellphone has been acting weird as you can't see try to understand this review as it jumped my course and it didn't let me go back to where I was I hate it I can not even delete or stop the software updates.
Installed itself. Cannot be disabled. Cannot be removed. Contacted Samsung when I couldn't remove it. SAMSUNG couldn't remove it. Samsung now claims it's part of the operating system. Which it never was before. Supposedly it came in via a new update. So I reverted my latest update and it was still here. So, lie. I remove all permissions and it turns them back on itself. I turn off and clear and deny everything and it re-enables itself upon each restart. Last Samsung Galaxy I will ever buy.
I want Bluetooth on NOT wifi . Kills my hotspot. How do get rid of this pita . Why not improve smart switch b4 stuffing up other systems working fine . How do i ROOT these things ?
Don't ****ing need it. Samsung forced it on me, and the updates are pissing me off. Amazing how so many other Samsung users found this app annoying, am Samaung just doesn't give a ****.
I want to uninstall this. Samsung, you suck. So, you want me to update the app, open the app, and contact you directly through the app? I want to be able to uninstall the app. You Suck.
Samsung added this to my cell phone without my permission. It sucks my data, especially background data. It also sucks my battery, and background battery. I hate that Samsung can add apps I do not want onto my phone, then give me no option to delete them. Samsung needs to change this!!! It should be my choice!!
How come I have an app just because I use Samsung phone. I do not have any smart stuff in my house and I don't need it. Any way to remove it???
Omg this new easy of leaving feedback sucks almost as bad as this bloatware that Samsung insists on putting on my phone year after year! How about letting those of us that pay for our phones actually be the ones that decide which apps end up on OUR phones? I've been a loyal Samsung user since the Original Galaxy S and have used nothing but Notes since the Note 3 first hit the shelf! I even stuck it out through the "let's be just like an iPhone stage via the S4's and the Note 5's! And I've paid for everyone of my phones! Maybe craf stone help from Verizon at times but for the most pist I've paid retail for my phones either by preordering through Verizon or through you ay Samsung Electronics! So befor you make me go and do the unthinkable and switch to ab Apple iPhone or some other junk leave our apps up for me! Please don't make me do it because I sm just about there!
Woke up this morning with this app running, asking for more permissions than it had already given itself. I had never heard of it before nor did I want it or install it. I don't have any reason for it.
Far to many permissions. To the point of being dangerous. Also there is no way to remove from phone which keeps your privacy and identity at risk of abuse.
Why can't I disable this stupid thing!? I have no use for it. Disabling it sends it to updates so if you've got auto update on it just updates and enables it.
Bloatware. Not wanted. Not required. Asking for permissions that clearly will be used commercially by Samsung and their partners. Cannot be removed. Opening for very serious external threaths. This is the finanal nail in the commercial coffin Samsung's management carefully has prepared for themselves. Have instructed that no Samsung phones from now on are allowed in our company. This is what happens when a greedy company is compleyely out of touch with their clients needs and expectations and violates the security and flexibility to make qualified choices. And, to Sandy, Lisa, Greg or whatever you wish call yourselves, - please do not bother sending back your standardized answers. You can rather just communicate to your "Management" that you have one option; as your clients (paying your salaries) give us immediately the choice to delete this app. Otherwise: goodbye Samsung.
Too many samsung apps showing up with notice of their value or reason for auto installing. Samsung is not looking good to me anymore Communticate the value Before pushing us all into your apps or waych us transition to alternate hardware.
What is this bloatware and why can't I uninstall it? And why on Earth does it need access to everything? Really. Stop this shady behavior please. Edit: Had to deny permissions for the 3rd time. Somehow they switched to allowed without my intervention twice in a week. "Change system settings" is disabled. This behavior is suspicious. Make this app uninstalable please.
this is supposed to be a replacement for the Smartthings app but it will not even run unless I give it access to information I don't want it to have for features I don't intend to use. It won't even give me the option of running without some features working and demands access to info that of course gets shared with who knows whom. At least the current ST app runs without requiring those permissions and Im quite happy with its functionality. Total fail Samsung. Its MY information and you can't just demand it after I already paid for the hub.... which did not warn me that Id have to give Samsung access to my GPS location, my contacts, and various other things for features don't want to use. I guess I'll just use the web portal from my browser if Im ever forced to switch to this app.
May you please make this an uninstallable app. It is wasting space as i don't have nor need smart lights and washing machines. I find the concept weird why would i need a phone to start my washing with my phone if i am already there to put clothes in or turn on lights while being able to go to the switch. I can see that it would be very helpful for disabled people but other than that it is laziness but maybe i am missing something. Tldr i do not use it (and can't) and i want it off my phone.
b"I have no Samsung smart devices. Why am I forced to have an app on my tablet (that already is limited in space) for something I don't use? If I get a device I could use it on, I might use it, but this is useless bloatware. ??"
Bloatware, doesn't work and wants too many permissions and says in privacy policy my details etc may be passed on to 3rd parties. Yeah not happening.
Why is this useless app so necessary that is can't be uninstalled and forcibly updates without my permission?? I have no use for this waste of memory.
I hate apps that I do not use , that constantly interrupt me and that I cannot uninstall.. I wish I hadn't bought this device and will replace Samsung ASAP .. Sick of these spying devices & SPYING CULTURE
Poor. No stars. 12 months on and still no uninstall option. Oh I forgot that Samsung want you to buy all their products. I have no reason to use this app yet Samsung still insist on invasion of privacy. Still no disable button and yet more privacy invasion from Samsung.
Never use this app but I constantly get notifications that's it's stopped working. How about it stop running on its own or stop being on my phone at all?
I never asked for this in my phone and when I tried to get rid of it my phone is now in freeze, overheat , overall pissed off mode! All I'm reading are apologies from samsung with no actual resolve. You may have finally lost a customer with this one!
Not even sure why this app is being pushed into our devices. Pathetic app
Totally stopped the blue tooth in my Honda Civic from working. The "new & imprroved" app just stops working. I don't need it nor do I want it as my Honda Hands free was flawless and smooth until late tonight and I was left without my hands free phone and I can't figure out how to get this junk off my Galaxy nor stop it. DO NOT UPDATE as I am not on my tablet. Please as an uninstall button as I've had it with competing apps messing things up. I've been in contact with Samsung, provided the info from the high rated Honda dealer that I've personally used over 17 years and what do you know, its happened again this afternoon. DO NOT download or in anyway upload this app as although I hadn't it's what is causing the issues as has been verifed by It and the Honda dealer.
Hate it. Don't want it. Can't uninstall it, auto pushed by Verizon/Samsung. Potential security risk. Just taking up storage space.
This spyware guarantees I will never buy another Samsung product in the future. It demands far too many permissions which it has no business doing. No choice to delete. No thanks.
Not sure if it came preinstalled with my Samsung S9+. These kind of apps can make one pretty lazy. After reading reviews, I think I'll wait awhile before updating since it can't be uninstalled.
I have no samsung or other compatible products so have no use for this app. Unfortunately i cannot remove it and can find no way to disable it. It is constantly pestering me to update yet does not appear in my apps list. Just another intrusive samsung app.
Pre loaded garbage. Do the world a favor and blow your brains out if you think preloading this or ANY trashy stupid apps is a good idea.
Updated itself, now constantly crashing. Can't uninstall. Don't want it, don't need it, won't use it. And no, I'm not going into the menu of the app to click the help button. That seems to be what Samsung tells everyone. The only help I need is the addition of an uninstall button.
To many permissions & you can't install it or at the very least disable it. Might be an okay app but I do not have any Samsung appliances so I have no need for it. Instead I'm stuck with this bloat ware taking up space on my phone.All the Samsung bloatware will really make me think twice when it's time to upgrade my phone.
this app is useless, i didn't ask for ot, it keeps popping up saying it's stopping. i don't have any smart appliances or tv's.wish I could get rid of it.....
I want to uninstall this app I have no use for it, it is only using data. So it needs to be were you can uninstall it, it would be one thing if I used it but I don't so you guys need to make it were people can uninstall it if they would like
This app came pre-installed on my Samsung phone. I cannot uninstall it, I cannot even disable it. I am getting sick and tired of this white box showing upn randomly saying Smartthings has stopped working. Close or submit feed back. I don't use this app, had to Google it to find out what it is. How do I get rid of it?????
Samsung does not need to know my bookmarks and browsing history. Now I have to see this useless app in my update list forever? Not even allowed to uninstall it. Should have bought a Pixel.
This program should not be on my phone with out an uninstall button. You guys forget its my phone a i deside on what gets to stay running on it not you. P.S. Your caned reply is junk can't you think of anything better!
Does this app that was forced upon us. Have anything to do with Samsung Gear VR? I want nothing to do with gear VR. I can't plug in my phone to charge anymore. If so I want both apps gone from my phone permanently... I want samsung gear vr and samsung connect removed.
It's a hacking device by Samsung. Didn't expect it from Samsung.Going to change my Samsung mobile set only for this app.
I want to get rid of bloatware on the phone and I am not able to. There is no reason to prevent people from deleting or disabling something that is not relevant to what they want the phone for
All of a sudden this thing is showing up on my update list. I don't want it. I never asked for it but it doesn't show up for me to uninstall. What the hell Samsung?
I really don't want an app on my phone that updates I have no use for but insists on harvesting my personal info. Samsung you're getting as bad as Facebook. Thank you for your reoly Sansung. But you standard reply is that you will pass on everyone's complaints to some other nameless dept shows how little you care about people not wanting this app, that it is a shameless data harvesting scheme for Samsung or that (for those who for some reason do use it) it gets worse each update to some other nameless dept. I guess commenting is really just a waste of time.
I just want to delete or disable. Not allowed. Why? Well since Samsung has dropped support of tablet rooting and running Lineage OS is the answer.
I have no use for this app. The fact it requires permissions to Contacts, Location and Storage is suspect considering none of those should be required to do what it says it does. I suspect it is spyware. Of coarse you don't have the option to remove or disable.
Smart things tried to activate when i answered a phone call, after being force closed, force stopped, and blocked from all actions. All it did was crash immediately. Thanks for making it impossible to remove from my phone, samsung.
Bloatware. Asks for too many permissions. I don't use it, don't want it, and can't uninstall it. IMO it is just a security and privacy vulnerability that I can't resolve. C'mon Samsung you can do better than this!
Required permissions are above what should be needed. Apparently Samsung learned nothing from the Facebook fiasco. Spying is never good.
Doesn't rate one star but can't go negative. Completely useless to me but takes up space and keeps crashing, locking my tablet. And it won't uninstall as it reports as an "Android system app", which is thankfully bull**** as it isn't in any of my other android devices.
It just keeps crashing for no apparent reason, even when just making a phone call. I have no use for it and I can't uninstall it. Why do you insist on installing bloatware that can't be uninstalled?
Didn't even know I had this until it wanted to update. I don't need it and not impressed that it's taking up space in my tablet and won't let me unistall
I have no use for this app, and am suspicious of why it suddenly needs access to my camera. Why is it not visible in my apps? How come it cannot be disabled? What are you trying to hide?
Just another useless app. If i could get rid of it then i would. I only have one Samsung and that's all. So it's no good to me at all. I hate it so much it's the most useless app ever. I can't even get into. I want to get rid of it altogether.
How the hell do I get rid of this app that I do not want? It is taking up memory that I need. Thanks for the standard reply but you have ignored my question. How do I get rid of this app you have forced upon me? Please reply and answer my question. Thank you
Now wants access to full phone app history, bookmarks, and browser history? None of those should be necessary unless you are trying to mine and sell all my private info...
I have absolutely no use for this app. Please stop making use keep apps like this on our devices when we have no use for them! It's a headache and takes up valuable space.
Why can I not delete this intrusive app off my phone I never asked for this app this is the worst app you have no right to any of my information I can't delete it I don't want it quit forcing your garbage on my phone
Unistalled the app but for some reason it still appears in my update list. Good one Samsung, stick to selling hardware and leave software to the professionals.
Bloatware with too many permissions. Doesn't show up in setting:apps to edit permissions or to disable
Stop forcing apps people don't need. I don't have anything else from Samsung that's internet ready and I won't so stop this.
Don't need this application. How do I disable it on Android 8? Can't DISABLE it via AAPP MANAGER, The DISABLE BUTTON is shaded off! Only can force stopnit till it is rebooted. Ridiculous!f
Useless forced app I am unable to uninstall. Crashes the phone when stopped or not updated. Probably the reason my battery is now constantly out of charge. Samsung, add UNINSTALL to this bloatware. (Ellen, Chelsea,, Luis, no need to reply. The reply is a canned, useless response.)
Stop making user's choices for them! I don't want this on my device, and can't remove it. Samsung: I will not be looking to buying hardware from you, because of your stupid decision to force unwanted software on me.
Why does this app need permissions to so much?? It must be spyware. This will be my LAST Samsung phone because I am sick of all the apps like this that are being forced on us.
I have zero use for this app yet it must waste space on my phone. Thanks Samsung! Good chance I will not buy another Samsung phone.
I'm unsure why this app needs access to my personal information? I would rather uninstall this app altogether, because to me I have no use for it at all. Why, does it come preinstalled on my phone? :-(
I don't want this app, I'll never use this app. We should all be able to remove bloatware, I own my phone and Samsung still thinks they own it... update your group policy so we all can remove this asinine app.
b"Funny how you only reply to certain reviews on this bloatware, and not those of us who do not need yet another useless app. I wish you would stop highjacking my phone! It's my phone not yours! If I want an app I WILL INSTALL MYSELF! Most people don't have Samsung TVs, so you should at least have an uninstall. Last Samsung I get EVER... AND THAT INCLUDES ANY SAMSUNG PRODUCT! Update 2018still cannot uninstall and using 29 MB!!????"
Not happy, don't need the service, yet can't delete. This will be my last Samsung phone, I guess. Files acess? I never knowingly granted it. I don't buy things that are trained to trick, expose or Rob me. Bye bye.
I do not have any smart devices, except this phone. I DO NOT WANT THIS APP ON MY PHONE. It is messing with other apps that I use all the time. Tell me how to delete this from my phone.
Waste of memory and space on my phone, this was put on my phone after a update months ago and makes it even worser on my memory bc of current uninstallable apps. I dont and never use it, another pointless app i cant uninstall.
Hi people from SmartThings. I'm so sorry for the negative feedback. SmartThings can not be uninstalled and requests more permissions than necessary. Please, do more than "investigate" this issue.
This is just way too creepy for me to have to be stuck with to have on my phone. It leaves me with way too many insecurities and will cause me to have more sleepless nights. I honestly believe that this should be entirely up to the individual who purchased their Samsung phone. One last thing to say is I'm proud to be an American and am very Thankful for my 2nd Amendment rights!
It just popped as as needing an update. I didn't even know it was on my tab. When I came to find out what it is, it says it's not compatible with my device, but there's no option to uninstall it. That's absolutely not cool
Don't want it. Can't get rid of the pestering request to update it. This is the sort of thing that makes one seriously consider giving up on you smart asses at Samsung.
b"Why appear this apps, I can't disable this apps, just waste my memory. Annoyed. ??"
Horrible experience with the application. Cannot even get logged into the application after resetting the password on the SmartThings login and the master Samsung account. I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone until they get the "simplest" problem like login resolved. Poor experience indeed!!
Sumsung please i don't want this app in my phone, you just can't force me to have it, am I able to uninstall the application ? I don't have any smart device in my house so i can't use it anyway, it takes a storage in my galaxy s8+ and i can't disable the app Please help
Always pops up and announces an undefined problem but doesn't fix it. If there's a problem, fix it in the background and don't interfere with what I'm doing. In competition for Worst Program Ever.
I've been a fan of Samsung TVs for a while. Last year I finally decided to leave the Apple iPhone crowd & got the s7. I've be happy for the most part but the one thing making me consider going back is all the unwanted unable to uninstall apps Samsung is forcing me to use. The recent SmartThings update is a good example. Another is the Gear S plugin update. Both have trashed my previous settings on phone and watch. I'm waiting to see if they will address these issues.......
I want to be able to delete this space wasting turd. I'm not buying your electronics to make it useful. Horrific marketing that can only anger.
Keeps crashing and I don't even want this app... Never used it, no need.. Can't uninstall it. Thanks Samsung for making the GOOD Android experience, worse.
Surprise with new bloatware app that cannot be removed...eats battery between crashes....I won't give full permission so I cannot get to "help/contact us " page other comments are suggesting. There is no reason to force bloatware. Please tell us all how to remove/disable this in these comments pages!!!!
Ended up not using this app. Uninstall failed, and now I get repeated error messages about this app. NOT a happy camper about this situation. Diabled all app permissions (way too many).
Sh*try developer making it so that this app can't be uninstalled. Samsung makes it so damn difficult to remove their horrible bloatware. I think I'm going to be going back to Google branded devices quite soon.
Not gonna buy SAMSUNG tech if you force me to keep your unwanted software on my device. Bad marketing here ...
Horrible stuff. Freezes S7edge, kills the gear plugin, drains the batteries of the watch and the phone, and no way to disable this drek once it crept into your phone
When are you guys going to provide an option to uninstall? I have no use for it and it ask for way to many permissions which irrelevant to the app.
I have no need for this app but I can't uninstall it. I don't want to control my other electronics with my phone! They have their own controls for when I need them! This seems to be a trend with this app - a lot of people just don't want it, myself included, but there's no way to disable it or get rid of it.
Should be able to uninstall or at least disable. Nothing this app does will help me just waste time and space on my very expensive device.
Why does this app keep trying to update? I've uninstalled it from Google Play and from my phone. It is not compatible with anything I own. I do not agree to all the things it wants access to.
More worthless bloatware from Samsung that they have to force on you because they know it's total garbage. Samsungs bloatware is why people think Android sucks and choose another phone
As a security professional I would never give any app this level of control. Please provide the ability to disable unused/unwanted apps. My only other alternative will be to speak with my money and stop purchasing Samsung products.
Samsung bloatware that you can't uninstall!!! Encourages me to buy my next device from a competitor - plenty of options out there.
Why do you keep giving me this bloatware? My 16gb of storage is eat up by all your bloat apps. Throwing this tablet in the trash. Enough is enough with this closed down system.
You install it on my phone without asking me, I'll review your app without testing it. Dont know if any good (though other reviews don't appear particularly good), but because you treat my phone as if you have permission to throw your bloat ware to, I'll thank you with a nice 1 star. This is not the way to build a brand. Starting to correlate Samsung with spamware
SPYWARE! BEWARE! SPYWARE!Opens with every single app you click on and will not allow you to disable or uninstall. Then Samsung will leave a cookie cutter response below this review to act like they care.
The app worked fine for couple of days but stopped working once I upgraded to Android 9.0. It would allow me to see all my devices but would prompt me to 'download the controller'. When I click download, it says it can't download controller and asks to contact the help center - which was so frustrating because they never did anything. So I ended up with a robot vacuum but can't control it with the app!
The fact that this app -and others- can NOT be uninstalled from phones is really annoying, i got like at least 10 apps preinstalled that keep annoying me with update notifications while i wouldn't even use. Please stop doing this, people hate this and you know it.
Still no option to uninstall and now it wants too many permissions. Bloatware being forced on me, taking up space on my phone. Sucks. I know what happens next, the PR drone pops up and says, "Hi this is Tina from Samsung, sorry you're having trouble but the truth is nothing is going to change, we are going to continue to ram this app down your throat." EDIT: screw you samsucks and your forced apps. I'm moving everything I can away from samsucks suck ass apps. I put Gboard on everything, I am switching away from samsucks Memos and using Google Keep and Tasks. My final step is to move away from all Samsung products. As soon as I can I'm ditching this phone and getting an LG, or Pixel, or anything other than samsucks sucky, suck ass bloatware loaded phones with suck ass smart things apps.
PLEASE Samsung, let me delete apps I don't use or want and for me just useless. Y'all assume I have the products to connect to but not everyone can buy new things so we can use your apps, besides more convenience means more lazy people. So please rethink customers options to remove apps we don't need. Not just this app but so many more preloaded. I also know how to reinstall apps. Thank you.
Bloatware I can't uninstall and even worse it says "this app may not be optimized for your device." So stuck keeping a vendor app that won't even work on their own device??? WTH...
b'Most useless app ever go Google "why disconnect Samsung connect" can be done if rooted!!! It\'s invasive and frigging HUGE! Why you make us root our stuff to delete your crapware??? ??'
I have no idea what this app is or what it does but it has been forced on me. I agree with everything Glenn Ognag says below. How are we getting on with the Uninstall option Ellen?
Need to be able to uninstall or disable this app. It asks for too many permissions and I have no use for it. It is constantly slowing down my phone trying to get me to use it. Seriously considering not getting a Samsung phone next upgrade because this app is so obnoxious. You also cannot submit feedback through the app as suggested below without enabling all the permissions
Can't stand the fact you pay £800 plus for a phone that gets clusters of apps you don't want, without anyway of uninstalling.
Unwanted infringement of my personal device. NO IT CANNOT BE DISABLED. I WANT IT OFF OF MY DEVICE. PLEASE ALLOW ME TO REMOVE!!!
When it was active my phone was bombarded with adverts. It was do bad that t wanted to throw my phone away and revert to my iPhone. It's extremely invasive
You can't uninstall the app and you're forced to take it. It keeps popping up at the most inopportune times. I disabled notifications but I still keep getting them
Its a forced app on samsung phones even if you do not own a Samsung tv. You can delete and stop it from being used but it always shows an update in the play store. This is the problem with phones. The manufacturer forces apps on you even if they add no value to you or can even be used by the consumer. Waste of time and space
Garbage bloat I don't want and can't get rid of. Sure fire way to convince me not to buy a samsung phone in the future
I wabt to delete this bloatware but cant..i hate it i hate it! My phones not rooted so it just sits there annoying me..
Too many permissions requesting access for too much. Making it bloatware are these fact; don't need it, can't uninstall it, don't want it, but stuck with it. Might as well be apple software
Seriously! Samsung stop forcing all this app into your phones. All of them cannot be disable and deleted. I like your phone and tablets. But because of all the build in apps. I decided this is my last samsung phone and tablet. Give customer a choice to delete apps or you start losing them.
It's taken over my phone and I can't uninstall it, never buying samsung again because every update includes junk and unwanted ads
I don't appreciate having apps come installed with the phone that I can't uninstall, ESPECIALLY one that has to do with Smart Anything and, ultimately, 5G! That's going to be very bad for everything on earth!
There is no reason to access my contacts or other private information inorder to connect to any devices. Very bad business decision while trying to support your customers.
I never wanted this app. I have tried to delete it off my phone multiple times. In tired of seeing it . Please just get rid of it. Stop forcing apps on us
Hate forced apps. Make it removable. Don't need or want!
This is an example of an unasked for, unwanted, and unneeded invasion of my life. I do not want this, now or at any time in the future. It is not useful to me.
Haven't usee it, but it seems nice. The only problem is, I don't need it. And since it can't disabled or uninstalled it becomes shovelware for me.
I dont want this app on my phone but cant delete it. It was included with an auto update. Plus it keeps telling me its stopped working when i didnt even attempt to use it. Junk!
I have no use for this app so why did it install itself there is nothing I can use this on it's wasting space on my device and it says it's not optimized for my device so why did it install let me uninstall it
When will Samsung learn that there are those who know enough about using their phone to give us the ability to disable a unneeded app especially when more than 16k dislike it.
Hate this app. Don't want it, don't need it. Samaung sure as hell better find a way to delete this, or I am finding another phone.
I don't now when Samsung going to listen to people buy all means Samsung bring out lots off apps but let us be able to delit them if we like stop with the blotwere I had lots Samsung phones.tablets .TV.s no more time change and leave Samsung and there blotwere moving onto Huawei pro and love the phone and not full blotwere so glad didn't bother with Samsung galaxy 9 this year
Ads on my lock screen, really?! Also why can't I uninstall. I dont even use my phone with multiple devices. Its an app I do not need nor do I want. Fix this or I'm jumping ship.
Bloatware. Would like to delete it entirely but Samsung, in all of their wisdom, will not allow owners of their products the choice to do so.
I only have samsung phones. This app is useless to me. If I could disable it, that would be great, but I can't.
I do not want this app. Samsung- stop trying to force your global domination on me. I have Alexa and Google thank you. Allow your users to delete - along with the infuriating Bixby. Last Samsung phone I'm every buying after constantly requests for my details and updates
Came preinstalled on my phone and I cannot get rid of it. And because I can't get rid of the app, I am going to dissuade everyone I know from using this service.
I love my Galaxy phone but I don't like having space used by apps I don't want or need. Makes me super frustrated.
Requires too many permissions. Most importantly there is no way to disable or uninstall. Dont force apps on us, it's a sure way to make people bitter and resentful(reflective in how we rate the app).
Useless bloatware that I don't use and can't remove. Crashes and restarts all the time. Drags down performance of my phone. Probably won't ever buy another Samsung because of this.
Why do I have this taking up space on my phone I dont want it I won't use it please let me use the storage i paid for not an app forced upon me
Contacted Samsung through the app, through email, still same appalling service. Get it through your heads, let us choose what to download and uninstall. Enough is enough, will be getting the Nokia 9 when it gets released.
I don't think that we should pay and arm and a leg for these devices, which let's face it, we're really just renting them until they want us to buy a new one but I digress. I should be able to decide what apps I do and don't want on my phone.
Too many permissions, the app was installed without my permission in the most recent update, and I can't even delete it! The amount of bloatware on my phone is ludicrous.
Get this off my phone. If I want an app to control my stuff I'm smart enough to download one. If I wanted to give up control I'd buy an Apple product.
Unwanted self installed app. Malware, bloatware, invasion of privacy. Please Samsung support DO NOT RESPOND but make me able to delete this app from my phone!
Got no samsung products in the house so dont like being forced to have the app on my phone, clogging up space with a pointless app.
I refuse to update it because it requests waaay too many permissions. But, you can not uninstall it (without tinkering with the phone's root directory and thus coding any warranty you may have with Samsung).
Why do you need access to all my app data, browsing history and bookmarks? No thanks! Disable this app, too bad you can't fully uninstall it.
always had this disabled. and now a forced update has it enabled again? really?! If samsung wanted a big win over apple let users uninstall the bloatware that comes with the phone. That's a huge gain over apple which also says, "f@$k you deal with this app we want more money from it"
Please do NOT force YOUR customers to use an app. Kindly show respect for YOUR customers by giving us the OPTION to either DELETE or DISABLE this spyware app!! Deal with this ASAP or prepare to lose customers!!
Keep getting a notification that this app as stopped working even though I haven't opened it every 2 minutes. I don't use it. So let there be away I can take it off.
Constantly has errors. Tried to disable and deny all access but I cannot delete. Have constantly sent error reports to Samsung, no response! Crashes within most applications, phone calls, messenger, etc. Error report pops up all the time.
I'm not sure when this bloatware was added to my phone, but unlike other pre-installed apps it says it was downloaded from the Google play store. I do not have any of the devices that it works with. Cannot disable app. I uninstall updates and it just downloads them back. Major fail by Samsung that I can't freeze or disable this app... Sadly I love my galaxy phones... But this is the stuff that makes me think about a different manufacturer when my plan is up. *Edit * reply to devs. Cannot use the contact or support in the app. Because it always crashes on me when I try. This app takes over my Bluetooth and prevents me from using a home monitoring device I made from an arduino unit. This app crashes my stock camera app. If I deny it permission I can use my camera. But not if it's active. And don't even get me started on how much memory it's hogging in its cache and settings... On an app I don't even use!!! I've since denied it all permissions, it needs way to much it snoops way to much, it still crashes constantly... But at least now it's not crashing my phone, my camera, apps I actually use.... It's junk I never wanted it, it is too deeply embedded into the os and its not needed for anything os wise. Oh and when I've emailed Samsung directly all I got was crickets. Frankly there are forums with many posts saying the same thing, there are posts on your own support forums that say the same thing! Remove it! Add an uninstall option! I don't care just start listening to your users!
I don't want this app. Let me delete it. EDIT: thank you Ellen. I do not own any appliances with SmartThings compatibility and I won't get one in the foreseeable future. It would be nice to be able to uninstall the app until I need it, to save on precious storage space.
Bloatware, dont use and can't uninstall. People have been complaining about bloatware for years, so 'hearing me and passing along my concern' will do nothing. First company that ditches the bloatware model will rip the competition apart.
I don't use this app, I don't want this app, there is no way to remove it or disable it, and there isn't even a way to restrict its permissions in order to prevent it from accessing features/information that I don't want it to access... terrible.
Preinstalled, cannot disable, cannot remove. Not the best idea Samsung.
Why has this useless app appeared on my phone, I can't even remove it from play store and it keeps telling me to update it. Pointless. No I am not opening the app to contact you as I am trying to remove the rubbish app from showing on my phone and I can't. Do not bother getting this
It's keeps making my phone freeze reptidly and when i try to send feedback it just keeps poping up that it has crashed over and over so bad i cant navigate my phone and I can't I'm install it I don't need it nor do I want it
Hey, I know what and why is this app doing so please save both your and my time and do not repeat existing answers. You say you hear us? Then, just let us uninstall something we didn't ask for and we REALLY DO NOT NEED!
After software update, this garbage is added to my apps. Can't disable or remove it. Instead of requesting someone contact you through the app, put in a fix so we can remove it. The app is also causing my phone serious battery drain.
Get it off my phone! Didn't ask for it. Don't want it. Not going to sync with any home devices. Can't even turn it off without the app popping up that it can't connect, force stop kind of message. This could make me get an iPhone.
Too many permissions required, and every update adds more & more. Can't uninstall updates. Can't disable permissions in Settings>Apps as it is hidden in this list. Latest update is 45MB, more than all other Google app updates in this round combined! Not updating again, and considering factory reset. Only use this phone for work, especially now. Personal phone is LG V20.
Can't shut it off. Can't get it to stop trying to connect to the neighbor's tv. So annoying.
I have zero use for this app. It came pre-installed with a new OS update. Seems I'll have to boot my phone to the previous OS if I want it gone. As usual Samsung does not know its customers. Won't be recommending anyone to use Samsung.
I DO NOT want this and I will never use it but I cannot uninstall it ... Stop trying to force me to use MY data allowance to update something that I do not want. ALLOW THIS APP TO BE UNINSTALLED. Thank you
Can't delete this bloatware off my phone. I only 16GB come on. This is my only Samsung device and I do not own SmartThings, I don't even know what that is.
Didn't want it, and have never used it. Have been an avid Samsung fan for quite a while now but starting to question that with all of the extra bloatware I'm getting on my tablet (and phone).
No, not giving you access to everything on my phone. And it's a lie that you can limit the access available on it, if you don't agree to let it OWN your phone basically the app won't update. It doesn't even do what it's supposed to, I tried using it to turn on my TV after my remote broke and it is never able to find the TV unless it's already on which is why I wanted the app to begin with.
Too many app permissions, needs to be able to be disabled. Worthless
Hate THIS app wish i could remove permanently no more updates HATE that Samsung spies on your devices listening in even if you do not know they listening to everything remove from phone stop spying on people
Just want to uninstall. Crashes phone and can't even answer incoming calls without trying 3 or 4x.
Farcical. First forced me to sign in to a Microsoft account (I never normally use and never needed before). Now it wants me to install a Samsung browser. Only then apparently I might be able to log into my Samsung account. Possibly, maybe, after that I might get back the actual app functionally? I know Samsung is merging all its IoT apps but this doesn't bode well for 'simplicity'. I will wait to they update this mess to a usable state .... UPDATE And the latest update breaks the app completely. The 'sign in' button on the splash screen is non functional effectively locking me out of the app.
Since Samsung connect has updated to smart things it will not let me use any other apps that require internet and I have to uninstall smart things just to use my other apps. This issue needs to be addressed and the issue needs to be fixed please.
Why can't I delete this app. I don't want, I don't use it and it just sits there talking up memory. If anything forces me to move away from Samsung, it is being forced to keep apps that I don't wasn't or use.
The worst thing is that you cannot uninstall this thing!!!! I would recommend change the phone, Samsung is to controlling...
This app is pointless and cannot be removed. Ellen and Matthew, save your breath. Stop saying to please contact you if we have questions or concerns. The question is, why can't we uninstall this app. Don't give any more inane answers, just fix it.
Garbage. Just slows down your phone and uses data. About as useful as Anne Frank's drum set.
Seems to be the concencus that this app is useless and everyone wants it removed. Do it or I will be switching devices! I absolutely hate not having a choice. Bad bad move Samsung. You've lost my support. I hate this app and want it gone!!!. Quit giving everyone the same answers and do something about the bad app!!
I do not own any smart device other than my phone, I have no need for this app, but I cannot remove it, I'm sure this app works great but sense I don't have any way to use said app, it is useless for me.
This appears to be spyware that I can't uninstall. It has a ridiculous list of permissions that I can't remove in App Settings because it doesn't appear in App Settings. Totally evil!
What a piece of garbage. What if I don't HAVE any other Samsung devices? Can I then disable or uninstall this? NO!!! So here's a useless app wasting space on MY phone, and I can't do anything about it. Thanks for dictating what I can and can't have on my phone!
Crashes my phone when I am using other apps even after I tried to uninstall it keep having to force stop it. Won't let me disable it. Worthless useless app. Still taking up space.
Wish I could turn it off, at least disable it, it keeps notifying me that it has stopped so I had to reinstall it! The kind of thing that will stop me from getting another Samsung phone.
Why force a download on a mobile phone owner for an app has no importance to them ?? It's the reason why i left apple and its the reason why ill be leaving Samsung too
Didn't want this app to begin with. No matter how many times I force stop it it comes back to life. Just because some people like it doesn't mean it should be forced on everyone. How about an uninstall option Samsung?
Dumb Things is more like it, amiright? Seriously though, I don't want this, but I can't uninstall. That's a one star app right there.
How about uninstall or deactivate this useless app I NEVER wanted, but installed itself with the last system update. Can't uninstall, can't deactivate, don't want it! I clear the data, clear the cache, removed ALL its permissions, yet it keeps giving itself all of it back!
Another built in app I have no use for. I cannot find it in my apps to disable it so that it removes it trying to update. This is not an app i asked for or will ever use. The only thing I want to know is how to disable it if I can't remove it.
Samsung: WHY do you persist at forcing apps on your phones which the owner who has paid top dollar (S8) cannot uninstall? I am sick of your disrespect
It may be the most amazing app on the planet, but developers who refuse to allow you to shut down an app you don't need, or who decide they are too important to be religated to an SD card get an automatic fail as I try to navigate the stupidly and utter fail that is the A5
UPDATE: Two months later no response, ans still no way to turn off or uninstall this battery draining app. ----- I didn't load this app, and have ZERO use for it... the fact that I can't remove it from my phone rates it 1 star. Shame on you Samsung!
The touchpad to control the mouse when connected to the smart tv is not user friendly. Hovering around the page itself is impossible. Might as well just use the tv remote control
Far too many permissions. Useless for most people. Should be able to completely uninstall and remove from device.
I hate that you absolutely need this on your phone. I have no use for it yet, you cannot deactivate it or stop it from consuming memory or battery. Another garbage droid app
Too much messing about. Takes far too much time to do do the simpledt of tasks and i get really fed up with all these apps wanting access to all your personal data .... go get your own!!!
Bloatware Not a fan of apps you cant uninstall. I bought my S8 with great hopes, being a samsung proponent. We hase SS washers, dryers, stove, fridge tvs... but the S8.... I am going to trade in and go with something else because of apps like this, NOT TO MENTION THAT POS BIXBY you cant get rid of. Sasmsung hear your customers we want to control our phones, not you. You are losing a huge market because of this. If you want to sell phones for $800 to $1000 then do us right If I wanted a mindless phone to control me I would have gone with an IPhone. Technology is fickle, one day your on top, the next month, the stock crashes and you might as well be the jitterbug.. Again hear what your customers are saying...
I'm sure this app can be improved upon in terms of fluidity, ideas, interface. It feels like it's potential is still being realized.
A lot to do if you're into voice-auto mating ur whole life! At the way the beeg corps...THINK, they "know how u " need to hv ur life "easily controlled 4U!" HEY, THANX, AFTER all yrs how did I never of having a Permanent Brain Vacation!!!Thanks: apple, google, et. al!
App is forcibly included on my phone, is drawing system resources, and interfering with connectivity to devices through other apps. I do not own any other Samsung devices that will connect with this and do not appreciate that I cannot removed it from my phone. Bad move #Samsung.
This is a sleazy, undisguised attempt to lock you into Samsung's own devices and those of their cronies. Can't send screen to a Chromecast, doesn't show my Vizio Smartcast tvs or any cast devices. How can you call this Android?
No Mathew you are not sorry. Neither will you pass along the feedback. You know exactly what you are doing when you force apps on a phone without letting the user uninstall. How do I know? Because I work at SAMSUNG.
I have no Samsung Smart devices or Samsung TV etc etc I don't like the idea that this app is forced on us then it's made uninstallable annoying unnecessary updates and waste of space
Terrible example of app over reach - requires total access to your device with no attempt to justify its broad ranging data gathering - won't run at all without access - and when reluctantly given, won't let me login to their useless website as Firefox won't work with their 'advanced functionality' - they recommend the Samsung browser - which makes them the only people on the planet who do.
This app is less than worthless to me as I have a S6 Active. Uninstalled the app and yet it still tries to get me to update it. Annoying.
It appears one day for no reason and intrudes on my life. Now I am getting spam so I'm suspicious of spyware with this apl
I have no use for this app and can't disable or uninstall it. It continues to want to update no matter what I do. C'mon Samsung, quit forcing apps on us and let us determine if we want them or not.
Unwanted forced on to phone by Samsung - why force people to use your useless apps. Oh forgot so they can take your data.
I don't want this app. It just showed up. I didn't load or accept this app. It won't let me uninstall or disable it. Not happy to be stuck with this app!
Useless app that I can't uninstall. I didn't even install it to begin with. All it does is pop up on my phone that its crashed AGAIN. Can someone tell me how to get rid of this app FOREVER??
Hate this app and can't even uninstall. Locks my phone all the time; wants permission to access for everything... horrible app abs wish it would go away!!!!
This app is unwanted, asks for too many permissions, and cant be deleted. Why? I did not download it
Can you please stop annoying me? I don't have other Samsung devices and don't want to monitor my imaginary tv or washer. I'm a girl and I want heels & dresses, not your app!
It's nice when it works. Unfortunately, most of the time it can't connect to my hubs or errors out. Or my devices and automation just magically disappears.
New version of old, I am not using this app. I can't delete it, shut it down, tell it to stop searching for devices, etc. I can't even find the app o.on the list. I don't want to update it...please don't ask me to email you. I just want the ability to shut it down.
Keeps crashing and I don't even use it. Can't uninstall, can't disable. Didn't even know it had been installed until it asked to update. I did not consent to this.
I was able to connect to my TV just fine before the update, now I can not connect to my TV at all. Hate it.
b"????BLOATWARE!!! MORE ANNOYING APPS THAT I DON'T USE AND IS TAKING UP MORE SPACE. SERIOUSLY GOING TO DO AWAY WITH CERTAIN BRANDS OF PHONES BECAUSE OF THIS"
Useless bloatware that cannot be uninstalled from my Galaxy Tab S2, even though it says "may not be optimized for your device."
I did not install this. It is bloatware as far as I am concerned. I do not have any smart devices that I want it connected to. And there is no way to disable it or remove it.
I have no need for this app and don't want it. Can't uninstall it . Don't want to do any updates of this app. I'm not using this app on a phone. It showed up on my tablet. How can I remove it?
I don't use it so why can't I remove it from the phone? It's not what I use my phone for. Have you come up with a way for me to disable or better still remove it from the phone remove it from my phone. I DON'T WANT IT
Another crapware/bloatware app that Samsung forces upon you without an option of disabling or uninstalling it, with excessive permissions.
I need to stop I do not want this app I don't know why cause he wants me to update I don't have any other Samsung products I don't care to ever use it and I want the option to not have it on my phone draining my resources are just hanging out the fact that you're forcing me to cost me look at it every single day means that I will not get a Samsung ever again I'm done I'll go to Apple or go to different Android but I'm not going to take on this bloatware
Request to many permissions and keeps crashing, stopping. If I can't delete from phone then I will delete using Samsung and find another phone provider.
Could be better. I would like to re-order my rooms how I want, but it has no option to do so right now. I hope they update the app and add this option.
Please allow users to disable or delete this app. I don't want it. I have no use for it. I'm not ever planning on using it in the future. Please stop insisting users have this app.
Sorry for the one star. Just wondering why it says update here but I can't find it in my apps to unistall because I'm certain I never installed it in the first place...?
There are a lot of things that i don't need that are Samsung that just take up room on my phone. You need to make it an option to uninstall things. I'm a cash only person. Samsung pay is one
it does not support my 32" samsung smart tv. make an app that supports the products you sell
Bloatware forced upon me for simply owning a Samsung tablet. Can't disable, simply garbage spyware
Wish I could delete this, I dont use it, don't want to use it and your taking up space on my phone. Crappy "mandatory" apps are garbage.
Never used it. It is crashing many times per day while opening other applications. Can't uninstall it. Even after stopping it in app manager, it is somehow restarted and crashes again.
How do I uninstall this app? I don't have any Samsung appliances so don't need it. It is taking up space on my phone.
Don't want it, don't need it, can't remove it. Repeatedly crashes in the background, restarts itself, then crashes again, then restarts ... Absolute garbage, makes me want to fire this Samsung S7 through the wall.
Constantly prompted to update this app I never installed in the first place. Find it already had permission to my camera, contacts, location, etc. Update now requires access to my browsing history, w/no explanation. So I select uninstall, and I find I can only uninstall the "updates". No way to get this crapware off my phone. Hopefully I'll switch to Pixel 3 this fall and be done with Bixby, and all this other duplicate Samsung software. If Samsung actually has something better than Google, then I'm pretty sure people will choose it w/o it needing to be shoved down their throats.
Completely useless and can't get rid of this... I just want thus app to go away!
Unwanted app & cannot uninstall. Asking for permissions I will not grant unless I know what it is for and I don't see any way to disable & remove. Does not show in app list & I KNOW this isn't system app.
Bloatware from Samsung that I can't remove from my phone. I have no devices for this, and hate that it cannot be uninstalled.
Garbage. I don't have samsumg smart devices to use, and am forced to keep 40mb of my phone used for an app I don't want need or use.
Useless app keeps annoying me even though I never use it. Can't disable or uninstall
This app only met my expectations of Samsung's policy of forcing unwanted bloatware onto users. I don't need it. I didn't ask for it. I didn't download it and worst of all it's impossible to disable it or more preferable, to uninstall it. Arrogance and hubris on behalf of Samsung. One day the mighty will fall of they continue to ignore their customers. 19th July Samsung replied to my comment to say they'd report my request (and many others here) for an uninstall operation to the dev team. Here we are nearly 2 months later. Still unable to uninstall or disable this unwanted garbage. There's an uninstall button, but it only uninstalls updates and leaves the app install, requesting updates.
Crapware that can't be uninstalled and wants access to all your info. Buy Apple instead of Samsung next time, they don't pull pathetic tricks like this. Nice paid-for 5 star reviews.
Pure unsolicited bloatware garbage. This is why, as of tomorrow, I will no longer be a Samsung customer. And I'll never use another Samsung product. Ever.
Don't need this on my PHONE. Can't uninstall the app because Samsung decided we MUST HAVE it. Thanks for nothing BIG BROTHER SAMSUNG
It's sad that my LG tablet can connect to my Samsung TV (TV remote function) but this Samsung app can't even find the Samsung TV I have from my Samsung Galaxy S8+ phone.
All that ever happens is it opens and then tells me it has stopped working, and I didn't open. I don't want but yet I can't remove it from my Samsung. Disappointed!
how do i delete or disable this? i see a pop up window asking me if i want to add a tv to my list? i see this at stores that have a tv and this app sees it. let me chose if i want to use the app.
Unable to remove, just keeps popping back up. If this is how Samsung treats users I guess I will remove Samsung pay and use Google pay instead.
I can only wholeheartedly agree with all those who said, basically, "don't need it, don't want it, let us uninstall the nuisance-y thing!"
My phone is literally the only Samsung object I own so this apps ability to interact with all my Samsung appliances is totally meaningless and irrelevant to my life. I don't need this app. I don't want this app. I would very much like to get rid of this and Samsung pay. Might just switch to Apple.
Dont need it but forced to download update each time. I want an option where we can disable it from auto update all so I don't have to click no each time.
Procede with caution. Avoid this app. there is no control of features and I am unable to uninstall. seems this app is a huge mistake.
I don't need it, don't want it and cannot uninstall it. It's annoying bloatware like this that makes me want to risk rooting my phone.
I did not want this app. I only have one Samsung device anyway so it's pointless. It just takes up memory on my phone and I can't disable it or anything. Hate it.
Please give us an option to disable (or better yet delete) this app. What technical reason could there possibly be that you can't allow it to be disabled? Don't want it. Will never use it. Wish I could get rid of it...
forced app on samsung users. annoying as hell when they load apps i dont want on my phone and now its lingering in my updates section. make stuff like this optional.
This app is interfering with other apps, and I can't delete or disable it. I hope when I'm done with this phone, I never have to use another Samsung product again. This is worse than Apple.
This app doesn't work with the Note 5 or any of my devices. Why are you taking up space and imposing updates on me? Allow me to uninstall this app!
I don't even think that I need this app. But I can't uninstall this app. Samsung, just stop give us applications that we not need it please.
This is straight up garbbage. Why are you forcing this on your users? Do you want to lose our support? My home is 70% Automated and I would never use this app as there are others that have been in the game longer and do it better by a hot country mile...!
This app is really trash I cant disable it I have no use of this app and still samsung won't let me disable it it i don't know why they put it in first place
This app is completely useless and extremely annoying. It is one of those apps that you can't uninstall or disable on Samsung phones because they are classified as "system apps". It keeps asking for permissions that you don't want to grant but you don't have a choice to refuse, you can either accept or skip (postpone) untill it annoys you again. Totally user-unfriendly. Hey Samsung, that's a very bad user experience.
I only have my mobile, this app is pointless for me. Won't let me uninstall it. I'm pee d off as I don't want it either.
Cannot uninstall...interrupts phone/gaming activity regularly. Slows systen down
Do NOT want nor NEED this app but I CANNOT uninstall it. With the next system upgrade, PLEASE include an uninstall option for this worthless app! Thank you!
Linking multiple Bluetooth devices very useful. Easy switch of what is on and off... very useful... knowing what is connected to my phone, very useful. Listening to same music from one device while 2 pairs of wireless headphones are available... extremely useful. Love it! Thanks! @samsung
Stop this bloatware garbage I can't delete without rooting. If I wanted this terrible app, I would have downloaded it.
l am trying to delete this app so l do not get updates and l still get updates. Messing up my phone. Can you help ASAP!!!!
I never installed this app. It was forced on me and now I can't delete it. Now it has access to permissions I never agreed to. Spyware much Samsung?
I one star apps that i don't want and can not be uninstalled. Useless bloatware for people who are not interested at all. Does nothing but make me less interested in your product, and sometimes even start to avoid due to bad company behaviour.
This app is not listed in the apps section of system settings. I want this privacy risk GARBAGE OFF of my phone or at least to be able to deny it permissions!
Absolutely dislike this app more frustrating can't uninstall unwanted app! When are Samsung going to give option to completely uninstall?
I DO NOT want this app. It is unsafe, stupid, data collecting and I want it off my phone. As has been said, I resent unwanted apps being forced on me.
This needs to jump off a cliff and die. It is one thing if you choose to have the app, but I'd you didn't, you should be able to remove it.
TO many permissions- Can't uninstall !!! Intrusive, useless, potentially can place customers privacy and security at high risk due to inability to uninstall or disable.
Why does this app require access to phone calls, calendar, microphone etc. I neither have the option to disable this app nor uninstall it.
b"I WANT OUT!!!!!! WHY CANT THIS APP BE DISABLED. SMFH???????? I DIDNT EVEN OPEN THE APP, DONT KNOW IF I'm being stalked"
Worthless, I dont need it but it wont let me uninstall or disable it. And it sends update requests weekly.
Works with Samsung phones only. I am throwing out the smartthings and going different route. Bad decisions on making the app work better on Samsung phones only.
Drains my battery although I don't use it. It's not possible to disable it either. Absolutely HATED it. Unless Samsung stop this JUNKWARE, I will switch to a different phone.
I can't think of a single reason why this app needs access to my contacts. Edit: Ellen reached out stating I can deny permissions. Denying contacts stops the app from starting.
This app installed as part of a system update on my phone in other words I cannot choose if I want it or not, kindly remove it from my device completely as I do not have Samsung smart devices, so it's useless to me and taking up storage on my phone, you shouldn't be bringing things like this on to people's devices hidden in system updates, kindly get it off my phone.
We should have a choice to uninstall. I bought this phone and I am the one who should be able to choose the apps on my phone. Stop forcing us to keep this kind of apps on our phones!!!!
uses battery in the background all the time and i have 0 use for it, just like all other samsung preloaded apps. the simple option to disable useless samsung apps would be a perfect fix, otherwise, what are you guys hiding? why not just let us disable these?
This is a terrible app, it slows everything down & interrupts everything I'm doing multiple times a day. It is a complete waste for me!!!
Yet more worthless crapware from Samsung. MOST people probably don't have compatible devices. Let us disable this worthless 5h1t!
Do not need and cannot uninstall. Keep getting a notification of problems with this app I don't want, don't need, don't use, and can't uninstall. Can't even disable to make it less annoying.
Useless. Autoinstalled on my device and doesn't even work properly.
No reason for Samsung to access my contacts or files, uninstalled apps and returned the smart thing hub. Sorry Samsung, wink got my money.
This is useless to me. Give an option to uninstall.
Basically serves no purpose. Is this app GDPR compliant?
I spend more time in this app. Trying to get it off my phone!! Does not allow to be uninstalled!!! I do not have any other Samsung products to be used with this app!! I DO NOT NEED THIS APP AND WANT IT OFF MY PHONE!!
Unless I can dl updates directly to my phone, including & specifically those from their website, without WiFi & only with a data signal, I don't want your pathetic service, I don't even want this damned phone... I had a discussion about this with some Samsung idiot on FB and I was treated like a piece of used toilet paper! Samsung is a scum company and I hope that they get bought out and end up being tossed into a dumpster where the last remnants of them will rot! Samsung. Is. Scum.
Don't force apps you can't uninstall on people. Either it bothers me to update forever, either it clutters my phone.
Bloatware, I don't use it, don't even HAVE a use for it and don't want it. Why is it on my tablet and why can't I delete it? Useless junk cluttering up your customers' devices is not good PR.
Samsung have made me have this app that can't be uninstalled but yet isn't company's me with any of my home devices. Hive, kasa, vimtag all not compatible
I don't want to give this app permission to have all my contacts and access to my microphone and camera because I never use the app and have no Samsung appliances. I want to uninstall this!!
I can't stand this app and agree it was forced on us. It causes problems to my cell and there's no way to uninstall or remove it!
Unwanted app need an uninstall button. Don't own anything for this app to control. All its going is taking up room on my phone.
I have received over 100 notifications that this app (which I do not want) needs to be updated. Thank you for the constant harassment, Samsung!!
Garbage, Samsung has hear of Google right just even more bloatware beginning to see that's the Samsung phone way max bloatware.
How can you get rid of it, no smartthings compatible device, no smart tv but yes smartthings it is creazy SOLVED : root device and put another ROM
You don't need all those permissions. Thanks for forcing me to root my device to get rid of Samsung spam.
I don't use it. So it just takes up space. I don't want it. I really don't want it to have all that access when I don't use it. But if I try uninstalling my phone doesn't want to work.
Didn't ask for the app, I don't trust the app and cannot remove the app. WTH!!! Losing faith in my phone security I may change phone manufacturers
It's a forced install. I don't use it. It keeps crashing and freezing up my phone. PLEASE, we need an uninstall option.
Mandatory bloatware from Samsung. Denied all its permissions and now I get a popup every minute of so telling me smartthings has closed.
I hate this my photos keep stopping and smart things app keeps stopping how the hell do i uninstall this thing bought ready to get an LG phone
Won't be buying Samsung again with uninstallable useless apps such as this. Stalls my phone and wastes my time.
I have no use for this app. Please give the option to delete it. And all of the other Samsung apps that I don't use. They just take up memory that could be used for something I want.
Why are you clogging up my phone with this piece of junk ? I don't want it and don't need it. Are the people at Samsung stupid ? If ever I need this I'll download it.
Why is this on my phone? I didn't request the app, I didn't download the app (nor any updates to the app). I do not use the app. I don't currently have, nor do I want any so called smart appliances that this app would possibly control
Invasive bloatware i have no need for. samsung forces you to update & even if you un install it continues to sit in the app update list.
Why cant i disable or uninstall this app while i dont have any samsung devices except my ss phone? Its useless app for me.
Since I can't uninstall or disable it, I disabled the many permissions it wants. Now I constantly get a pop-up saying "SmartThings has stopped."
WOW Samsung... you REALLY expect us to believe that this app is just a remote control for other devices.... that can't be removed.... or disabled?!?!?! ..... and who are you kidding wigh all these computer generated automatic responses.... they are all literally the same. Simply pitiful, Samsung.... shame on you.
Useless to me. I want to delete it. I dont want it showing up at all in my apps pull down list, but it does.
Why does this need my location? It's suppose to control my TV ect at home.. no need to have these permissions.
Just just more bloatware after 2 bad Samsung Galaxy 7E phones I think this Samsung family is going to be switching to LG or something else
Nothing is ever connected and half the time it doesn't work at all. I went back to the other smart things app this version is junk
Nothing in my home is controlled by any wifi, smart anything, but this is still on my phone and I can't get rid of it.
How do I delete this crappy app off of my phone. I highly doubt that it has to be on here for my phone to run correctly.
It won't let me delete it. It's sucking up my battery and using data without permission. Bad design.
This deserves 1 star for being forced on Samsung phone users even if they don't have a smart things device
I have no use for this app! Why cant I delete it! It's useless and needs way too many permissions!
Crashes all the time, meaning I get annoying messages again and again for an app I'm not even using. No uninstall option; why not?
I have nothing for it to be used with so it's just taking up space. I want it off my phone let me uninstall it like I've seems so many others ask.
Yet more Samsung bloatware. I don't need this, don't use it, but can't fully remove it. That makes me less likely to want to buy Samsung in the future.
How do i disable this thing? I'm tired of accdently updating this and spending 30 minutes getting my phone back to the way i want it
Useless bloatware that can't be removed, wanting access to all my data even though I'd never use it
b'Very poor customer service And Samsung customer service is very poor. Its put me off buying any samsung product.????'
I don't want this app I don't have a Smart anything except the phone and don't plan on having devices listen to my every conversation I want to delete this app and Members making it so hard to explain a problem.. Don't want to get a Samsung again, and I can't disable it nor remove the permissions from the original app....
I don't want this app on my tablet and there's no way to remove it or disable it. Stop with the bloatware!
With the latest update, this app now requests the "Device App & History" permission. Since this is new, I was notified when it didn't auto-update. I checked the other permissions it requests and decided I no longer want this app. Unfortunately, I have a Samsung phone, so I can't uninstall the whole app :( I can only uninstall all the updates. I settled for this, but now I get a "SmartThings has stopped/crashed" notification every 15 minutes or so. This has been driving me crazy and my only options seem to be a) living with this constant notification, b) reinstalling the whole app with all the crazy permissions, including this new one, or c) buying a Pixel 2. I'm leaning toward c), but I hope there's also a d) where Samsung realizes the permissions required by this app are insane and something gets reverted. I will certainly not be buying a Samsung phone in the future. Bloatware is just too much of a hassle.
Don't want it, can't uninstall. Anything that's forced on my phone gets a one star. (Like every other garbage Samsung app).
Can not disable/uninstall the app! Way to many permissions. Thank for making a skynet app.
Tell us what you think you say, well i say give me the option to remove this app from my tablet i don't want it trying to want to update when ever i go on to my tablet every other app i have has this option why don't this app have a delete option, sort it out.
More bloatware. Samsung, stop doing this.
b'You have too many apps you are installing that I do not want..another one is WiFi CALLING...Too much memory being used..I loved my Samsung Galaxy 8+ until you started to add applications not necessary for everyone....I need to delete this one and Wi-Fi CALLING... This is my 3rd Samsung and until now I loved them...Now I have Verizon controlling my phone which I have selected as my carrier, then there is Android with new updates and then there is Google, and then there is Samsung...I need simple... very poor sales by forcing Apps on people who pay for a working phone...I would prefer you Email to me new Apps Opportunitiesand explain what they will do for me and I can choose to download...\xe2\x98\xb9??'
Why is samsung forcing this app on my phone?! Cannot uninstall and it want to constantly update! Uhg I hate this
EXTREMELY frustrated that you cannot force stop this app- it keeps coming back moments later.
Fed up with these continuing unsubtle attempts by samsung to become the Apple of android and corrall people into a Samsung-only environment. Next phone will not be a Samsung unless you start to allow OWNERS of phones - yes I own this phone and I paid for it - to choose whether or not they wish to have crap/unwanted apps like this take up space.
I didn't want it. It just appeared with a stupid update. Just when I get my phone like I want it, they ---k it up.
I don't have any smart devices so this is pointless to me and I can't even get it off my tablet.
I didnt install this app on my phone and there is no obvious way to uninstall it. Help!
Works just fine for turning my speaker on and off, connecting and disconnecting etc. But please change to log in page to my devices instead of that rubbish dashboard, will review rating when dashboard is optional.
It always stops my phone from getting any service and crashes often! Pisses me off it downloaded by itself and i cant uninstall it!
I was horrible and took up all my space. It also started to delete things on its own.
Bloatware. Didn't ask for it don't want it and can't get rid of it. It drains and already defectively short battery life as well.
Personal information is way too accessible to third parties. Can't even delete the app. Shame on you Samsung.
I don't need or want this app and can't get rid of it. It takes up space and can only cause problems.
Repeated crashing. It's a default system app too so it keeps reopening itself... and promptly crashing.
A bloat app which you cannot uninstall or disable. I don't have any other Samsung appliance and Smart Things is useless for me. But I cannot un-install or disable it, Thanks to Samsung. And If I try to uninstall from Playstore to Samsung Apps ir Simply uninstalls updates, and then it gets even worse and keeps Crashing, draining more battery.
Can't get rid of it. Asks for too many permissions and cause UI crashes
I cannot connect a single device. Classic shows all my devices. Connect shows fewer devices and all of them are disconnected. Useless app for me
I will not be using smart anything and want this removed. That is apparently not possible since you can only update it or rate it.
Why isnt the sound very loud. It says it goes up to 15. At 15 I can barely hear it.
I have no smart devices and no use for the app, but still can't remove it from my phone.
b"Stupid app, did not work, no way to uninstall or disable. Bad decision on Samsung's part. Sucks battery and storage system. ??????????"
Updates keep erasing all my lighting and smarplugs and door sensors. Im so tired of setting everything up again!!
this garbage spyware app was forced on us via 8.0 oreo update by samsung with no option to uninstall or disable it.
Samsung if you keep forcing BS spyware apps on your phones and tabs like apple and google you will lose your loyal customer base.
Waste of my time have no appliances to conect no interest in getting any. But i czn not disable it
I don't use it. Can't remove it and now it frequently crashes in the background and notifies me that it stopped working. Samsung should allow me to at least remove this junkware. May be time for an iphone.
I do NOT want this waste of space on my phone, but there is no way to remove it. And don't bother replying with some scripted nonsense, I don't want to hear it.
Bloatware, cannot get rid of it. Hidden and yet gave itself permission over some things
Don't want it, don't want to allow it access to everything. Tired of being spied on and monotized by every single company
Useless...are you sure everybody use samsung brand for other things ( tv, home appliances, etc ) ?
Well... Its work for me... The mirror connect to tv workin awesome... Bloody yeargh... Now my tv function like smart tv.. Great apps
Give us the OPTION to delete bloatware. I know the reason for this is higher on the chain but it is a major inconvenience.
Horrible. Never connects. Such a pain to use. Looking for a better option.
I can't delete it. I can't only disable it but message constantly pops up "SmartThings stopped working" ... Very frustrating!
I have nothing to use this with and bc I can't delete it from my stupid phone it keeps interrupting saying "smart things has stopped working" well duh NBC I don't need it updated or even downloaded I hate predownloaded apps!!!
I don't want or need this stupid app, but I can't get rid of it. Can't uninstall, can't disable - it's completely useless. I don't want it!!!
Constantly receiving "SmartThings has stopped" notifications from the app when I have never used it. Frustrating to say the least. Seems to be a problem for Galaxy s7/s7 active.
I have no use for this app as I don't have any Samsung appliances in my home. It might be a perfectly good app but I don't need it and it's factory installed so I can't get rid of it, also it won't let me disable it. It's taking up memory space but I can't do anything about that because when I go to clear it, it turns on the apps permissions; the fact that it wants my location makes me very paranoid.
Samsung please let us customize and choose our own need. Don't force us to use apps that didn't serve an important purpose in daily life. I have my own remote to control whatever electronics devices at home. Please please please give us option to uninstall any ready installed apps in our phone. Its rltaking a lot if space!
It serves no purpose, requires too many permissions for something that does nothing useful. I wish to remove it but cannot.
When an already installed app changes its permissions for no bloody good reason, i uninstall and disable, nosey invasive rubbish
b"I don't have any samsung appliances so this app is more bloat than all the other apps you don't let me uninstall. Thanks for taking up more of the already limited space on my tablet ??"
How do I get rid of this crappy app? I bloody hate Samsung for their bloatware!
WHY IS THIS INTRUSIVE APP ON MY PHONE AND HOW DO I GET RID OF IT?
I don't need this app because I have no other smart device or whatever but still can't disable this. You shouldn't make app crucial to the system if it's NOT crucial to using the phone.
Unwanted, no use for it. No idea why it's trying to install or update. THIS IS AN UNAUTHORISE MODIFICATION OF MY DEVICE. STOP.
Any app that is not absolutely essential that I cannot uninstall is a 0 stars out of 5. Hate bloat ware!
Utterly useless app and the most annoying thing is that I cannot uninstall the damn thing off my S7Edge
This app is not GDPR compliant, e. g. "requires" device usage history without a real need.
This app and Smart things have screwed up my Bluetooth devices, defaulting to phone audio.
Lots of complaints about permissions and laco of uninstall. Get a clue and add full uninstall of app. Do not force your app on people who do not want it.
Required too many permissions. The app won't run unless you accept all of them. Why do they need my contacts? Uninstalled it without using it.
Absolute trash. The inability to uninstall this useless app that keeps bothering me with announcements that it can work drains my battery and will have me not buy Samsung products in the future.
PS Now this app will no longer allow me to uninstall and remove it from my phone. I am not allowed that option. FIND THE FLAWS IN THIS APP AND FIX THEM. So I can get this rotten app removed. I wonder. Especially if there are apps you lot have put on phones that do exactly the same as this app. Because I am the one paying on my phone bills every month for something that I never needed in the first place. If this is some sort of sneaky easy moneymaking way that's been hit on by your people. Congratulations Samsung. You've been really sneaky. Very dishonest. To the company Samsung. You people need to sit to have one very serious troubleshoot talk and discussion with all your people in all areas of Research+Development and Tech and Programming and whatever other areas this covers. FIX THIS ONGOING FLAW/PROBLEM. In this app and other apps. OR deal very harshly with the people in your employ who have caused all this. Eventually. It is your company that is going to suffer in all the business and Loss/Profit sections, because of all this dishonesty within your company's personnel. JUST FIX ALL THIS MESS.
One more app Force download thanks Samsung for taking up space on my phone
How to remove this app is bugging me. Thinking of changing phone if this keep up like this.
I hate stock apps that I can't uninstall. I don't use it, I don't want it. Don't force me to have and update it!
I don't want it, don't use it, it keeps sending notifications I don't need, I didn't ask for it but I can't uninstall it. Please make it go away.
It would be easier if i just sent you a federal back ground check, the permissions are un f ing believable for something google home asks only storage for.
Wish I could uninstall for more space. I don't need this app. I wish all phones had disable or uninstall option for apps the user doesn't use. It jsut takes up space we could use for other apps that we actually use.
Not only the app is forced on Samsung users, but now it wants more permissions? I don't think so. Really wish I could uninstall.
I NEVER ALLOWED IT TO BE INSTALLED.!!!!! ITS INCOMPATABLE AND SNEAKY.!!! WRONG HATEFULNESS TO INNOCENT PEOPLE... ANT RADIO AND ANT + PKUGINS SERVICE ALSO BAD BAD BAD BAD.!!!!!!!!!!!!
b'Hate it! Continue to get error that it stopped working I just want it removed. ??'
It is bloatware I do not want and I cannot uninstall and it keeps crashing my phone.
Named as the previous app, no uninstall option, prevents notifications from the original app. Samsung is confused and confused all others
In my opinion, this app requires too many permissions for the functions it performs. Since I can't remove it, I have to bypass it every time I update apps which reminds me of the issue.
How can i get rid of it. Didn't ask for it!!! Don't want it!!! Keeps notifying me it wants to connect with an app, every few minutes and it driving me crazy!!!
I don't use this app and I can't uninstall. It's just taking up space I want for apps I actually use.
Every time the app updates, I have to go through the pain to unpair and pair ALL of my bluetooth devices again and again as my phone simply refuses to pair because of this app. It is seriously getting annoying. Not something I expect from Samsung. This app doesn't deserve to be called SmartThings as it's just plain stupid. Please, for the sake of sanity, let us at least disable it. Thank you!
I dont want it. Cant use it. Its taking up valuable memory. And its being forced on me.
Asks for far too many permissions, I never use it and it won't let me delete it
More random nonsense that you cant delete and asks for too many permissions
I don't need, use or want this app but can't uninstall it and can't disable it. At best that means it is bloatware, at worst malware.
An other app I Don't want and can't get rid of clogging up my phone.
Requested too many permissions and had a crazy long list of the data it would collect. Sell me on it's features before asking for all if that.
Forced onto my phone well after purchase. Unable to uninstall.
The permissions are unacceptable, Samsung please get your act together. Update1: Samsung, you know that the app is rendered useless (won't install) if you don't accept each one of the 3 conditions, don't play it down the way you just did.
I've never asked for this app. Why won't you let me uninstall it?
Not optimised for this device or required ...not able to remove it or it's intrusive permissions. Waste of space and data.
I'm sure this is a great app but I have absolutely no use for it. I would love to be able to uninstall. No need to force apps on people that will never use them.
It keeps crashing and notifying me that it has crashed. I don't use it and do not need it. Unfortunately I can't uninstall it.
My 2016 curved smart TV is not compatible. Shame.
How do you uninstall this app? I dont even need this. I cannot even disable it. Just a bloatware tsk
Don't want it. Can't disable or uninstall it. Taking up room I could use for things I do need.
Make this optional, sadly I will be switching back to iPhone if this doesn't change!
Why is this app forcing itself on to my phone? I have no need or interest in this app whatsoever.
I literally just want to delete it. Asks too many permissions, can't disable or delete it, and like others have said, it's essentially a Samsung inflicted virus.
This app is redundant as the settings do everything this app does without all the spyware block this app as it will automatically sell your information to a third party !!!!!
Some people have no use for this kind of application. The only thing I own that is smart is my smart phone. Not everyone can afford luxury items. They should at least let you disable the app on the on phone if we can't delete it.
An app that cannot be fully uninstalled isn't a great app. Allow users to fully uninstall it.
Yay for package disabler pro. Killed this spyware looking app that I didn't install. Just more samsung bloat.
Too many permissions. Why does it need to know my browser history and bookmarks? This is Facebook creepy.
cannot uninstall on samsung phones. bloatware if you have no smart devices. please allow us to uninstall if we do not want this app
Did not want this app. It gives itself permissions I would never allow. Cannot remove app.
Let me delete these stupid apps I will never use. Screw you Samsung.
I dont use the features of this app and dont intend to despite this samsung has decided to make it impossible to unistall completely effectively making it bloatware.
I want to be able to uninstall an app from my phone if it doesn't work for me but this App does not give an option for uninstall .... Why force it down my throat if I clearly don't want it????
An UNINSTALL OPTION WOULD BE GREAT SAMSUNG, Do you hear me and many others? It's called BloatWare This app is not appreciated by many many people. This Samsung smart things app is a Forced app. I don't use it, I don't want it, I did not ask for it, yet I can't disable or uninstall it. This is my device I paid for I don't want their app. This is not the only forced app Samsung puts on our devices without our permission. For example gear VR service is an app I will never use yet I can't uninstall it can't even disable it and it makes my phone hot and absolutely hammers my battery. I absolutely loved this phone it's an S8 until Samsung started adding krapp I did not ask for and I don't need and my phone does not need to operate. Now I absolutely hate it. To be fair the phone is great, Samsung sucks!!!!! I could go on but my battery is getting low so lights out. UPDATE: 08/19/18 The wife needs to update her phone so we are shopping phones now for her and me. The new phones will NOT be Samsung. Samsung should stop forcing app's on its customers. Allow us to accept or reject these apps. Delete or uninstall options should accompany every app. From the looks of past feedback a lot of people agree with me. UPDATE 10/10/18 I AM INFURIATED WITH SAMSUNG Ever since Samsung installed this worthless BLOATWARE on my phone somehow it affects my other apps so many of them no longer work correctly. My phone still gets hot but at least my battery is not dying as fast as when they 1st introduced this crapp app into my phone. Fix this issue Samsung give us a delete or uninstall option for this app that has messed up my phone. I am currently researching brands other than Samsung for my company as well as my personal phone. The Engineer that came up with this smart things app should be fired. I will never again buy another Samsung product simply because of this app. AN UNINSTALL OPTION WOULD BE GREAT!!
I'm not using this app and I don't plan on using it anytime soon so why exactly is this app installed on my phone? Even if you disable it and uninstall all of its updates, it's constantly shown in the 'my apps' category in Google Play. I would like to uninstall it completely. That would be nice.
Dont need the garbage, cant uninstall it, dont want to give it all permissions it asks for.
Crappy app I uninstalled only to have it constantly want to update on my phone anyway.
All I get now is porno sites it's awful every few minutes someone else selling "date sites" for goodness sake I have children using my tablet! You can't even delete it argh
Piece of junk that crashes all tje time with no way to eradicate it from my handset!
Useless app that either require total overhaul or totally replace with a more useful app.. or give us a choice to uninstall this caveman tool..
Right now I can't disable permissions, find how to deinstall it and it does not show in settings/apps.
No reason whatsoever to need all the permissions! Cannot uninstall it either. Terrible.
Hate this - will not use it and can't uninstall it - PLEASE ALLOW ME TO GET RID OF IT!!!
Please delete this unwanted unasked for spyware ...never buying samsung again if not in full control of it!!!
Garbage app that can't be removed and demands all sorts of permission to everything on your device.
This is a forced app on a device that it is not optimised for, doesn't work with any of my smart devices, and chews system resources doing nothing for me, and prevents you from uninstalling and hides itself to make it difficult to remove permissions or disable the app. Customer service keeps saying that they are reporting this feedback, yet update after update comes out without a disable feature. Has this app got to make phones explode before Samsung allows you to uninstall it?
This app and like 6 other apps are competly useless to me and stupid samsung wont even let me disable them so they are just sitting there using up unnecessary space.
Why does this nearly useless app need so many permissions?
Why can't i get rid of this application. Neither can i disable it. Seems to be very intrusive indeed.
Why can't I remove this. Sorry Samsung, you are not Apple and I have no other Samsung products. I don't need or want this spying on me and I have no use for it, like most of your apps to be honest
I want disable this app. I would consider investigating if I didnt feel like this app was forced on me. Permissions are too broad.
It just needs to be removable or have some sort of setting instead of being bloatware. It sits in the taskbar which is just bloody annoying.
POS, can't get rid of it. Useless, doesn't work with any of my home devices. Should have stuck with Apple.
b"I hate when apps are forced on you! Don't want it but can't delete it. ??"
I dont want this app but can't remove it. Its asks for extreme permissions.
This has helped me a great deal as i no longer waste time pairing devices or adding on number codes jus 2 pair devices they now automatically Pair as soon as I walk into a roomie get into a vehicle thay was already paired
Useless bloatware that I never use and can't uninstall. I can't even disable updates for it...
Let us delete it if we have no use for it! Ridiculous that we can't.
Total adware. Always listening and monitoring app, unable to remove. This will be my last Samsung device.
It seems this app draining my battery. After uninstall, my battery last longer again. Surprising!
Samsung, I am very disappointed. This app is not ready looks like a pre-alpha.
I'm tired of ads popping up on my phone! How do I uninstall this app?
Why am I forced to have this app on my tablet? I don't want it, don't need it, and i didn't download it. I sometimes wish that I hadn't bought a Samsung tablet because of all the Samsung apps that are forced on me even though I don't want them!
This piece of junk force installed with update and now can't fast charge my phone. Screw you Samsung!!!!
Can't use the app to automatically change your home status. Stick with the classic app. This is a backwards step unfortunately.
Let me delete it! Will never use it and it takes up too much space.
I don't want this app, don't need this app, never asked for this app. Why Samsung have forced this on me and given me no way to remove it I'll never know. Unless I can remove this, and the other Galaxy Apps that have been forced on me, I will not buy another Samsung product ever again. Please change your policy.
Hey samsung got nothing to do with this app but my phone lately has been saying moisture detected and ive done everything i can is this some how a technical difficulty
I tried using this app but my Google maps navigation had no sound when this was app was set up. When I uninstalled all the updates and put this app back to the unused state, my navigation had sound again. I won't touch this app again as navigation sound is more important than anything this app can do.
Cannot use without providing access to my contacts. This is not acceptable for the functionality of any app that doesn't specifically need it.
Ever since this app appeared on my phone after the last system upgrade my bluetooth connection has been messed up. I no longer receive text message notifications on my car screen like I used to when my phone and car are paired.
Trashy Samsung garbage, as expected. Doesn't work and demands access to everything. Samsung is the Korean equivalent of weaponized autism.
Constantly force closing, makes my phone hang and has a negative impact on battery life. This app should never be forced on to someone's phone like it was with the recent update.
Waste of space and uses data all day and kills battery no way to turn off or disable.
I don't want the app, never have, yet I can't uninstall it. POS bloatware. Shame!!
How do I uninstall this bloatware that's forced upon me. I want to free up space on *my* phone.
I don't want or need this app. Tired of having crapware forced on me with every device and update. Has a million permissions and constantly annoying me with update reminders and there's no way to delete it. Also says it is not optimized for my device even though it was included on the device and created by the device manufacturer.
Preloaded and unnecessary. Can't uninstall. Can't even control dishwasher, oven, microwave like watch dogs.
Hi I want to delete this up, but cannot do it. I leave in 3rd world country and have a one of the cheapest samsung phones, why in the hell do I need garage door opener on my phone if i don't have garage. It just occupies my phone storage and asks for update
I'm tired of getting apps forced on me I will buy an iphone and sell this rubbish phone. friends can't believe how many apps I have compared to their iphone. I've deleted all my apps to make way for the forced apps and my phone is sluggish and slow so sick of Samsung no phone they make will ever make me want another Samsung.
Why this got installed, i dont even own samung thv or all the other stuff. I want it of my phone. Taking space with all the updates it gets,even if i disable it still updates,there should be n uninstall option
I want to uninstall smartthings app. It popped up when I updated my Samsung Galaxy 7
I don't connect my phone to other devices, I didn't load this app and it won't let me uninstall...waste of space.
The app is unable to connect to any Samsung machine in my home. Keeps on saying error and telling me to reset my wifi network which I did several times and it still wouldnt connect
This app is a pain. Did not ask for it and hard to ger off my phone
I did not want this installed, have never used it and never will, want to have it uninstalled ASAP
This app keeps faulting and closing. I dont want it but I can not delete or disable it. It is extremely annoying when it pops up that "smartthings" has stopped working. Horrible app makes me want to change phone brands. Not happy with it at all
I have a Galaxy S8 and a Samsung TV and it doesn't connect. What is the point of paying all this money for Samsung products if they don't even work together. Time to move on to something else
Junk software - yes, give me an option to delete this unwanted app.
Uninstall. You may have made it, but you don't own my phone.
Another Samsung update that does nothing for most people, except together more permissions be more invasive in what it watches and how it watches. The most recent update ask for history permissions to see what the device runs when it's running and correlated with where
You don't need access to my browser history and bookmarks to control my TV. Total privacy invasion and data grab.
Useless app that is forced on us! Samsung needs to stop forcing their proprietary garbage on our phones or maybe we should buy a non-samsung device. Google is even worse though!
Really annoyed with this app. Never asked for it and dont want it on my phone. I dont have smart gadgets in my house to connect this too. And now because i dont want the update using space on my phone i now cannot rid myself of The Playstore telling me I have 1 pending update constantly. Really annoying, really frustrating.
Can this app be disable or uninstalled? I don't have a smart home so this is utterly useless
Awful force install app that should not be forced onto the people buying your products.
As soon as the app is activated it disconnects from the bluetooth in my car that's the whole reason I use bluetooth so what's the use. And why will you not let me sign into the app without giving access to my location. There is no reason that this app needs it other then to follow where am I and that's not going to happen EVER.
I don't want or need this app on my phone. It keeps crashing how do I uninstall or disable it?
Bloatware. I have neither the money nor the interest to spend on turning my home into a giant security loophole, so let me get rid of this deadweight app!
Don't want it, don't need it and now the update will pester and bother me until I do it. Very impolite having it forced on me with no other option. Preinstalled is a thin excuse. But who are we, the consumers who give you our money, the ones to complain?
No use for me, but that isn't why this is a 1 star review. Not only is this app uninstallable, this app also doesn't allow me to disable it after uninstalling the updates, so this app continues to pester me to update it in Google Play and take up resources that I need...
Want this to go away. I don't want it. I will not give it the permissions it keeps requesting.
If you change permission on an app I don't want and you forcibly installed on my phone, you HAVE to give the option to uninstall it or disable the update. I DO NOT agree to the new permission request. Period.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE let me disable and/or delete this deeply unwanted, waste of space app.
Don't own any Samsung devices other than my phone. No need for this app but I can't delete it. It is a waste of space on my phone. Inability to delete an app is STUPID and a poor business practice. Doesn't make me want to purchase more Samsung devices!
I don't have any smart devices so I don't want or need this app, but there's no option to uninstall or even disable it. All it'll let me do is reset it to factory settings but then I have it nagging me to update it!
Never asked to have thus app on our phone. Went to buy a new car and the person who was showing the car put our phone on the car Bluetooth headset and it showed up. Now can't get it off my phone
Loved it while it worked on my S8. Now it just starts to work and forces reboot. Already cleared cache, data, reinstalled and updated. Forced now to use another app. Unbelievable, wouldn't have expected this from the manufacturers system app.
This app is overly cumbersome when used with Samsung products. I have used both samsung hub and alexia.
Brand new phone includes this garbage, smart view android doesn't work, i'm done with Samsung virus ware
I hate it, installed itself on my phone & no way to uninstall it! SAMSUNG: Provide a way to uninstall it or next time I'll buy an iphone!!!!!!!
I don't use this. I don't trust it. I NEVER use anything like alexa, cortana, siri, etc. Why won't it just disable and go away. I can turn on my own devices with my own hands, I'm not lazy
Cannot uninstall. Too many permissions. Leaves phone unprotected. Cannot use Contact Us as it requireds spam mail.
I don't understand the point of this app. Why is it replacing the normal old smartthings app (that actually works)? Why does it need all those permissions like microphone or text messaging access?
Keeps asking me to update this app, with a lot of suspicious permissions, even though I can't find the app on my device! I have checked in 'apps' under settings and it's not there either! I just press 'skip' each time it asks to update it. Do not allow this app to install - you are giving Samsung access to everything!
I tried to install this app 4 times and can't get past the Eula warning for permissions. I check the box and even read the terms but it always stalls out there and goes no further. I want to buy a new 50 in TV from Costco but maybe not now...
Forced bloatware on Samsung devices which generates crash notifications several times per day, cannot be uninstalled or disabled, and serves no purpose for me.
This broken app was included with my brand new samsung 9+ phone was hoping it would work for my existing smartthings hub it can see 5 of my 27 lightbulbs all the same brand by the way and 1 dimmer that it hangs any time you click on it guess I'm stuck having both this and the smartthings clasic app on my phone since this can't be uninstalled
Upgraded rating, but execution of this update was very poor. I have spent days trying to reconnect to 2 audio devices. What worked in the end was to inactivate the app, shut off my Samsung 6, restart the phone, reload the app and then re-pair each device. It may have also helped that I also went into the phone system and cleared the phone system cache. Either way there should have been a notice sent out that this is a major update and you will need to sit down and re-pair your devices. Interestingly the update automatically paired with a tv but it then shows photographs from my camera files. I exclusively use the app for audio so I'm not sure what the tv connection should actually do. It will be interesting to see if this app still pairs with my car and connects to the audio.
Permissions way too broad for my taste and seemingly no way to uninstall :-( @Samsung: if you reply, please be sure to do so with uninstall instructions.
Umm, don't have anything Samsung except the phone, so this app is taking up bytes. Where's the uninstall for useless apps? Maybe I'll get a wall clock and see if I can make use of this useless app. So where do I get a WiFi Samsung wall clock anyways?
This app is useless because you can just get off your ass and control your devices yourself. Also I find it suspicious I cant find it on my list of apps in the settings yet it wants to update? Nah mate. I cant uninstall or disable it because Samsung wont let me. 10 out of 10 wouldnt recommend.
Well, it WAS alright, a little buggy as devices that were already added would suddenly show up to be added again. However since the last update when I select a device it says the controller must be downloaded. But then it repeatedly fails to download. Until this is fixed it is basically worthless to me. It is deleted until fixed.
I have no use for this app and I can't get rid of it. The only thing I use is the Bluetooth for long trips, and it doesn't work. Period. Otherwise, I can turn on my washer and dryer manually and haven't the least wish for Samsung to control my appliances. Don't like you, Chelsea. Your replies are inadequate and arrogant.
Totally useless for me as I don't have a smart TV & would never use this app. How can I get rid of it? I'm fed up with all the useless (to me) apps Samsung have loaded on my new tablet.
don't need this yet I can't make it go away either. waste of space and I get when applications require you to give access to every aspect of your phone. not needed for sure.
The only thing SAMSUNG needs to do it allow me to Erase It From My Device FOREVER, not uninstalling updates. Uninstalling the app forever
Don't need this app, don't want this app, don't care for this app, but I can't remove it. Why must I be stuck with apps I don't use?
I never installed this app and I can not uninstall it and it has too many permissions. Google, please delete this app from my device.
How can I uninstall or at least disable thus useless intrusive piece of unwanted software?
I have no use for this app. I don't want it to have permission to everything on my phone, and I can't find a way to uninstall it. I removed all the updates, and now it is just sitting there saying it needs to update...
I absolutely hate it. How i can't uninstall or stop it? Don't bother to reply. Delete it. Now i understand why everyone prefers iphones
How do i uninstall this app so that i never have to see wasting space on my phone ever again?
Please allow uninstall or disable. This app is ruining my Samsung phone experience.
Forced into my phone and DO NOT want it. Fortunately I use an app called BK Disabler that let's me at least disable the Samsung spyware/bloatware!
This wiped all of my Bluetooth devices. When ask to hook up to a carnival singing machine again, it would not find it, and I could not manually install it either. Frustrating.
To many ads coming up, hate this. How can I uninstall it
Just like i said in my last review: i still can't add a bluetooth device. I have a (bluetooth)watch and some earbuds, when i connect my watch while my earbuds are plugged in i can't select which audio type i want to use. Oh and by the way the app cannot find my bluetooth stuff. So can't you just add a permission to bluetooth so it can read my bluetooth devices and just permanently add the connect panel?
It goes off EVERY single time I use any app on my phone.
This is draining my phone's battery, and there is no way to uninstall it.
I didn't install this, I can't uninstall it, and it has virtually every permission possible. I'm quite upset.
Tried to uninstall this app it would not allow it to occur I'm now going to seek legal advice. what right do you have to send us apps that we cannot uninstall when they don't do their job
Hi, I don't want this app on my phone as I don't use it and don't trust the permissions. I've removed all permissions and notifications but can't actually remove it. Now every time I turn on my phone on I get a pop up telling me it's crashed. What do I do? Am I forced to allow this access to my contacts and location despite the fact that I'll never use it?
Of course it has hundreds of millions of downloads. To not have it is not an option. To delete it is not an option. You either gotta get "Smart" or get left behind, apparently.
I want to delete or disable this and there is no option. I don't have a need for this, but can't delete it. Frustrating!!!!
I absolutely hate any app that is forced on my device and that does not have an uninstall option!!!!!
Useless. Samsung needs to fire their entire software department from the director to the janitor.
Let me uninstall or disable this app! I can't walk through a store without it trying to connect to fridges and other Samsung products. Really annoying
please let me remove this...and all the other rubbish Samsung apps forced upon me. I have no use for it and it likes to block the Bluetooth connection to my car...why doesn't Samsung listen to it's customers?
Why can't I just uninstall this app. I'm not using it. This app just came with an update to my S7 edge and continues to crash when im using my bluetooth. Hating it so much. The F Samsung
Why is this on my phone? And why can't I uninstall or disable it? I don't have other devices that I want to controle from my phone, this is simply taking up space. Apps like this should be optional.
Hey Samsung take this app away it is doing stuff I dont want. I am supposed to be in control of my phone not a bloody app.
Making apps non removable is disgusting. Typical Samsung practice that should be banned
Since the latest update Bluetooth audio stutters every 30 seconds. Have tried multiple devices (car, Bluetooth speakers) and streaming & local audio. This needs to be resolved ASAP.
Before the recent update of the software I used to connect my phone to tv in a single click (mirror view).But after the update it's not connecting to the tv.Please fix the bug for heaven's sake.
So far I find this app terrible I tried to use you with my TV and keeps telling me that my TV is off when it's on and will not be used as a remote control
I don't need this app but it's forced to be downloaded. And it isn't even that useful.
No need it at all. Why keep asking for install or upgrades? Useless app...
After configuring Samsung wifi mesh hubs whenever I try to get the status of wifi from the app, the app crashes my phone. It restarts my Samsung note 8, please fix it.
Draining battery is what this app does very well, you guys have increased dumb System Processes to quickly drain battery and slow down the device so that people buy new devices. There's really no need to make new phones every year.
I have a samsung tablet A6 why does this not have quick connect on it ????? And by the look of it theres 1000s of people asking how they can connect there samsung tablet A6 to a tv i changed all my tec over from apple to samsung why dont samsung standersise all there tech the same ?????? This is more hideous then apple
Pointless even though i have lots of Samsung devices, this app doesnt help!
Do not need or want....should have an option to remove....makes you feel bullied into having something that you don't want on your phone and allowing access that it should not have.....taking away right to privacy.
Forced install on Samsung phones. Cannot disable, permissions automatically granted. Bad!
Unnecessary app for those who do not have Smart Samsung TV's. Want to uninstall, but cannot. Preloaded app that cannot be removed. Also, the S5 had the IR controller for TV's, but the S8+ does NOT. Why?
More pre-installed clutter on MY phone that they won't let me uninstall..
I went to delete it and couldn't. The app wants way too much privacy information that is not needed. Add: Still can't delete app on 7/08/2018. I will not update it and won't use it.
Please add throwing of photos, videos & music. Because Smart View App is no longer working in all 2018 model TV.
I used this app to stream videos and cast photos from my Note 8 to my 2017 LG Smart TV. After several updates, it no longer works. It will only Mirror my phone screen, streaming no longer works. Uninstalled and switched to Bubble UPnP.
Another USELESS app i don't want or need nor can you uninstall
Don't like apps that I do not use/do not need, and cannot uninstall. I would give a minus stars rating if I could.
Dont want this. It keeps hanging my phone and I cant remove it.
The app tells me it is not optimized for my device but I cannot uninstall it. It just takes up space and of cause wastes the battery.
All of the "explanations" on here & just saying that you can Deny the app's permissions DOES NOT tell us Why they "need" them in the first place! We're all SICK of creeps & the half answered, dodge-form style BS!
As I have no smart things, nor any intention to get any for the foreseeable future, it's nothing more than bloatware I can't uninstall.
Don't need this app, never will, don't want it but can't uninstall. Really resent this bloatware on my phone, will almost certainly mean I never buy another Samsung product.
I don't need it and I didn't install it, but somehow it is on my "personal device". Wouldn't it be great if corporations stopped shoving down unwanted applications down peoples' throats.
Who the hell do you think you are, adding things to MY tablet without my permission. I have no need for this app, and I can't even delete it.
Have no use for this app, no uninstall opt. I block notifications, deny permissions, and turn off apps that can change sys settings, but these continually get changed somehow even though I have forced stop and disabled. SAMSUNG, how do I permanently uninstall. I don't have your Smart TV's or appliances. I don't need this app using phone resources.
Can't completely uninstall, which makes it no better than a virus.
Bloatware. End of the sentence. This is the reason I'm dropping Samsung as soon as I can
I want this POS OFF MY PHONE SINCE IT MAKES IT AN OVERPRICED PAPERWEIGHT!!! I didn't want it. I do not want it. I CANNOT GET IT OFF MY PHONE!!!! Samsung wants to do this then it will be not be a Samsung I buy next. Like this Monday!!! Too much going wrong with my phone since this stupidity showed up on my phone!! Nothing works now!!!
I want to remove it but can't see how. I have no smart things from Samsung
A Royal pain in the A##! Don't use it, don't want it. Sucks up all my battery! How can I get rid of this intrusive app? Makes me sorry I purchased a Samsung!
I'm really tired of unwanted and intrusive bloatware. Allow me to delete it.
This app is a nuisance. I don't need to control any smart devices and cannot disable the app. Keeps shutting down and interfering with other functions. Please allow disable function.
Forced spyware & bloateware. With no uninstall option. Stop wasting time and resources on wasteful apps.
If you don't agree to location access, access to contacts, file management or microphone the app will just kick you out.. Maybe I'll just stick to peel
This app may have been useful to me if I ownen other Samsung devices, but since I don't the fact that it can't be disabled or removed from update list makes it a pain
The idea of getting an Android seems to be a bit of a miss these days, with the amount of pre installed and forced bloatware Samsung install is a joke.
Samsung please stop pushing bloatware that can't be removed from my S8. I'll be considering a different brand off phone next upgrade.
I have never used the app, but it says I used it remotely 3 weeks ago to automatically update! True things were updated, but NOT BY ME!
why has this auto installed onto my phone?....and how can i kill it. what right do you have installing apps on peoples phones without their permission
It was installed without my consent, and can't uninstall it. Hate it.
I shouldn't be forced to keep an app i dont want or use. They force you to keep it be not allowung you to uninstall it. Time for a different phone.
This many complaints and you still won't less us remove it from our devices? How about you stop apologizing and finally make a way to get rid of it?
App has suddenly appeared since phone updates. I do not use any devices to want this application however the app wants an update, doesn't allow me to disable and keeps crashing my phone 'smartthings has stopped working'. I keep logging crash reports with you but nothing is done . This app SHOULD BE OPTIONAL! . I do not want you on my phone
Update: Appreciate Samsung reply, however the problems are now more severe and this app has rendered 2 Galaxy phones in household nearly useless. In addition to interfering with call response/dialing, apps are crashing or are now unusuable, no longer able to connect to bt stereo adapter or bt speaker, and text/calls are only occasionally being sent or received. Wifi is no longer connecting. My new homescreen is the smart things closed or not working popup. Wish I could return both samsung devices. We will be shopping for 1 new non-samsung device and a sim card for an old ms os device this evening. Permissions questionable too. Why is access to contacts necessary? This app closes numerous times daily and always when I am receiving a call. The smartthings pop up prevents me from answering call. Users should be able to delete or disable this app. Not everyone uses (or can afford) the devices and appliances it controls, others have no interest in using them.
My house is 72 years old. There's nothing Smart in it. Stop forcing apps on people, using up the data on their phone and intruding in their lives.
Soo you gone into the business of snooping now i see so since when does a app like this need access to apps and history NEVER i really starting to dislike Samsung device's now won't be buying anything more.
b'Before this app installed itself without my consent I could use my Bluetooth earbuds. Now this stupid app wont find them. Also keeps popping up with security code in front of anything im looking at and for a device which isnt even mine. Bad show Samsung, this is as bad as an Apple product. ??'
I dont want it installed but yet i have no choice.
Completely shut down my phone because it crashes and wont respond or shut down. Gets stuck in a loop.
No, you do not need permissions to my contacts, and microphone. I know that location is needed for Bluetooth, but the rest of these are unacceptable.
Dont know why it showed up on my phone i didn't down load it.
Can't disable. Can't remove. Don't want it. Asking for way too many permissions
I hate apps that come pre-installed and won't ever go away.
I did not want it, it just showed up. I have no use for it. I want to delete it.
another unwanted app I thought this was my phone I want to be able uninstall all app's I don't want
We should have the ability to disable this. Not everyone needs this but it constantly forces itself in the background because it can't be disabled.
I can't connect my washer to the app. spoke to Samsung several times who insist it is an app problem. 3 months and it's still an app problem. so this app doesn't work.
Bloatware i dont need and cant uninstall cause it came with the phone S8+
It installed itself without my permiton, now it wants an UPDATE. Unwanted app.
I don't have samsung smart tv or appliances. Why can't I remove this app?
Forced to install update.....again....on phone. Then noticed this app was installed without my permission. I have no use for it and want the option to disable it FFS. Frickin ridiculous
Requires too many permissions for the update. I don't have a need for this app. I won't give permissions for the update.
Giving it a 1 star because Samsung installs it on any Samsung devices without your permission. Keeps trying to update. That's also why this is my last Samsung device.
Please stop forcing totally pointless apps on users who have absolutely no use for them or at least allow the app to be disabled
I do not want this app do not need it make it so it can be disabled don't force this app on us make it an option it is always having to close and causing issues
I don't need it because only my phone is Samsung. No option to uninstall and each update eats around 40MB of storage memory. I hate that.
I'm sure it's works well. Please allow me to disable/uninstall an app I will never use. Thank you.
I hate this. I dont use it cant disable or remove it and it just constantly crashes on the background causing popups. get this trash off my phone
Can't delete. Don't want to make a decision where I want voice heard every time I use maps. If I choose car audio it does not work. Make it so I can delete it.
this app is forced to me crashes all the time for no reason, and there is no way for me to uninstall on my Samsung Phone. Hate it I Haaateee it
Why do you people force apps onto consumers!!?? I hate it it is my handset but get controlled by Samsung yet i paid it in full
Why do I need this? Why can I not disable it? Why does it need permissions for EVERYTHING on my phone, and say that other things may not work if I deny any permissions?
I can't remove it. With all those unnecessary permissions it is definitely spyware.
Useless app don t have anything this app supports can't disabled it
Please give us a way to remove software we do not need or will ever use.
Ever since last update this app, that I never use, keeps slowing down my phone. I didnt pay for this. Please remove. If i need it I'll install it.
I hate the new set up. It is NOT user friendly!
I did ask for this app. Samsung forced it on me. I don't want this app. There's no uninstall option. Takes up memory and space on my S7 phone. Shame Samsung!
Smart things made me stupid and not smart. Samsung bad.... liar liar liars
I don't want it and and don't need, yet it's here using up space
I'm another "I don't want this app on my phone" I have NO need for it. And PLEASE don't refer me back to a reply from2017 because if you can't be bothered to reply to me directly............
Waste of space in my phone and I cannot delete it when I don't have anything that uses this
Hate all this randomly installed bloatware that I cannot uninstall or disable. I have no use for & no interest in this app & wish I could make it go away!!!
Annoying always force closing and causing my phone to freeze didn't want/need this app put Samsung downloaded it...need an uninstall option
Useful if it worked properly. But it still is not able to be removed, or even disabled. Samsung, you are losing customers.
Bloatware I don't want and can't uninstall. Solution: Enough is enough. My next phone will be an iPhone. Thanks Samsung for driving me back to Apple.
Was using Google maps for a trip and it continued to minimize it and throw in pop up ads. Don't want it on my phone. No uninstall option.
Can't uninstall, update notifications annoying, don't have "smart things" find getting up off my bottom makes things work.
How do we UNINSTALL THIS UNWANTED SOFTWARE. More samsung bloatware why do samsung impose software like this on us..... They should alow us to uninstall unwanted bloatware.
App which I never use, chews up my battery, has notifications that I can't get rid of, and I don't have the option to uninstall. Thanks Samsung...
It complains to be updated nonstop. I try to open it, it immediately crashes. Shameful.
I don't want this app on my phone and can't delete it. Such bloat wear puts me off buying a Samsung phone in the future
My neighbour has a Samsung TV and my phone and it keep trying to connect. I've disabled it, clicked no, sooooo many times. It is really annoying that it keeps trying to do that. I would watch a vid, and it would always force down the TV-option if my neighbours tv was also on. Just... no. Let me remove this app please.
I do not want it and I do not need it, yet I can not remove it from MY tablet. Always keeps coming back, updating and running without my permission...virus much, dear Samsung?
Can't get rid of it. Don't want it. Keeps prompting for updates, but if updated will keep prompting for set-up, asking for tons of permissions, using up battery. Can't disable. Awful.
Intrusive app that request a lot of permissions and you cannot remove.
Hate that apps are sneeked onto phone and then collects info.
Suspicious! Way too many permissions and it can't be uninstalled or disabled??????? I have no use for this app!
More uninstallable bloatware for devices and services I will never use
Just another garbage bloatware app from Samsung taking up resources.
I don't use it or did I install it, keeps popping up saying its stopped. Needs to be deleted.
b"I HATE THIS APP SO MUCH. I DON'T EVEN USE IT AND ALL IT DOES IS FREEZE AND STOP. LET ME UNINSTALL IT FFS!!!! ????"
I don't have and, thanks to this app, will not purchase Samsung smart devices. I will not updated this app, it needs too many permissions. This is Facebook creepy, can't disable or uninstall.
How do you remove this stupid app ? So annoying I do not want it
Preloaded app on Samsung devices. Unable to remove, disable or prevent it from running. It requires many updates. I will not be buying a Samsung device again.
Why does it need permission to access my microphone?! What is it recording? Please explain. This is why get a 3rd party app to disable these apps, especially those we cannot delete.
I don't need this app, why cant i disable or delete it? I'll be patient, looks like you have alotta bad reviews to respond to!
No idea what the app is like to use as i have no use for it however its apparently a system app for some reason so i am unable to remove it
I dont use this app which is why I give it a 3 star, because I can't afford to update all my home with compatible devices. So I give it the benefit of doubt. With that said, if I were able to afford products in order to use it I would definitely verify the products I bought would be compatible. I see a lot of complaining on this review site and have read the developers responses and it appears to me that a lot of the people complaining have not educated themselves in the dos & Don'ts & the whys & what fors of permissions & compatibility of the new digital age. We all know developers are continually attempting to tweek the bugs, improve, & keep up with consumers wants and likes. As for the permissions some of you dislike then don't agree to those permissions but they do have a purpose if you'll educate yourself on what this app does. If you have an issue, there is always links in the apps to contact the developers before you start pi...ng and whining contact them. They will educate you in the ways of smart wares and any issues you're having. So if you want to use something like this always investigate before you subjugate. Hope this helps new users.
I didn't install it nor want it, and can't disable or uninstall it. Apps like this should be optional, not forced onto you!
More uninstallable garbage bloatware. I want my storage back.
I don't use nor need this app. Yet it keeps trying to force me to update. Why?? Please make it so I can disable it!!!
How do I delete this. It's taking up space on my phone
I don't need/use it but I can't even disable it. It only takes space. I can force-stop it but it keeps on restarting itself. Please make it "disableable"!!!
Dont want this app on my phone and cannot uninstall it fully. I can disable it however it still shows as needing an update on the Playstore.
I DO NOT WANT IT ON MY PHONE. I WANT TO BE ABLE TO DISABLE IT OR UNINSTALL IT. IT IS OF NO USE TO ME.
Terrible, and impossible to delete, keeps crashing. I have no use for it
Complete garbage as it doesn't allow me to use any of my apps
I just find this app annoying! U dont have any legitimate used for it and it just gives me notifications that dont matter at all.
I never use it, but it keeps running in the background. Pop ups saying that it stopped working interrupt me. Can't uninstall
It does not let me connect ring doorbell or roomba. It does not see them. I cannot add them manually. This so called app is useless.
I uninstall this app and it's still operating my TV and I don't want that!! I wanted to completely disengage it from my telephone which is a moto G5 Plus. possibly reinstall it later but for now I don't want it on my phone or operable
Too many permissions asked. What a ridiculous thing.
Don't need it and can't uninstall it. Updated want permissions that I don't want to give.
I have no smart devices. Why is this app not smart enough to be uninstalled?
I dont use it and updates may be for any security risks. So I selected uninstall but it didn't uninstall. Now it shows "update" and "open" buttons. Can't get rid of it.
Garbage. Stop force-feeding me apps I don't want.
It wont mack my phone more smooth and its and its adding adds on my phone
I'd like to get rid of it but haven't found a way.
I want this off of my phone, it is causing my phone it lag and crash.
I want is disabled and can't do it!! I didn't ask for it don't want it on my phone!!! I politely ask you to get it off my phone PLEASE AND THANK YOU
I am outraged! Why can't I uninstall the app? They want access to everything on my phone, I deny so no use for the app at all. Why can I only update it but not get rid of it?! This has to be illegal. I DO NOT want this app on my phone! Says it used 6GB of memory in 3 weeks, why? How? This is a violation of my rights to my phone's privacy. Administration of this app I need an answer - how do I UNINSTALL YOUR APP?
My father bought our samsung tv November of 2017 yet for some reason i cant find the model number for my tv and i cant connect through wifi. Good thing this app was free.
I have no other Samsung devices and cannot delete the app. I hate phone makers who pre instal undeletable apps.
I stopped using Samsung because of this type of bloatware that can't be uninstalled.... Congrats Samsung, you scared away another customer because of greed.
I don't use this app I never will so why can't you give me the option to uninstall it instead of ramming down my throat....?
Appears to have been forced onto my tablet, don't see the point as I don't have any other Samsung equipment to control.
JUST ANOTHER STEP TOWARDS TOWARDS THE END OF THE FREE SPEECH ALL IT DOES IS SPY ON YOU.
This app is annoying. It makes a notification appear everytime I am even in the vicinity of a blue tooth device. It's distracting and a pain.
This app installed itself without my permission with the last update and I am not able to uninstall or disable it. I do not want nor need this app.
You guys keep asking for more and more access to stuff you don't need. You don't need to record my voice while I'm just taking a pic.
How do I get rid of this. I don't like it when apps automatically install.
I hate this app all it does is use my in call volume when I want to use my media volume when I'm trying to listen to Bluetooth music it's ridiculous
Another useless app I don't use, and can't uninstall
Can't remove this app ,it's forced on you total tossers . Make a remove update . When you force thing on people they hate it you jerk offs....??.
Way too many permissions. App is forced on users.
Please make these apps with the option to disable. Thank you. Was able to uninstall update but I can't disable.
I don't know what to think about the app because I don't have a Samsung account and I can't make one so can there be a way to use the app without signing in
Ever since the app upgraded to smart things i can not conect to my tv. If I unistall the update, it works perfect
Samsung System App, which seems to be used for some Samsung Smarthome Thingies. Since I don't use this, hating to not be able to uninstall it.
Can't uninstall, can't disable. Samsung apps are more pernicious than Facebook.
I want to delete it. Keep getting pop ups saying it's stopped. Disabled it. Help
I want to delete this. It is not beneficial to me at all
Trouble, don't want it to control anything or continue installing and insisting. Want to keep it uninstalled or even exit off phone. Thanks
Don't need nor want but, ya can't get rid of. And it takes up space. These are the kind of app's I hate.
This app lists all of my devices but cannot connect to any of them. Went back to the Classic/WORKING app.
I don't want the app but it keeps telling me to update it. I don't have smart appliances so want this app off my phone
So now I have another app that takes up space that I can't remove. The Pixel is looking better and better
Garbage in my phone that I don't need, didn't ask for, and can't get rid of.
Why would I possibly want this pile of poop app. I can see what's in the fridge by opening the door not opening my phone. Can't remove it either.
Why do you need each of those permissons to be a tv remote? Please explain why you need contacts list, etc.
I don't want or use this app! I want to uninstall it is a nuisance.
Please add remove app option! I don't want this app forced upon me! I have it blocked and deleted current update!
I don't want to use it, yet it keeps running in the background and will not uninstall. Want to know how to disable it.
Keeps crashing since installed. I didn't even want this app but it was installed anyway. Everytime I'm on my phone I get the message "SmartThings has stopped"- several times a day. I can close the app or leave feedback, which I have several times with no response. No way to uninstall this app. Tried Force Stop but it won't let me do that either. So annoying. Samsung let me uninstall this-worst app ever!
Excessive permissions needed for a one NOT very smart app ..forced on users without ability to delete . Poor Samsung
Just bloatware that takes space. Why be forced to have installed?
Waste of battery and won't let you uninstall it. Runs in background wasting battery life. BLOATWARE!
Doesn't work at all, I am trying to use it with my powerbot and I get alerts but can't control it from the app.
Drop permission to access my Contacts! As Mr Shafer's review pointed out, it's not necessary to control my home
Have no idea what this is but it wants way to many permissions.
Possible reason of the crash of Galaxy Tab s2 .Since I updated this app, my Galaxy Tab S2 is crashing and won't turn on.
Crashes every few minutes even though I've never run it. I have no use for it and can't disable or remove it.
This app is asking for permissions for *everything* and I do not want to allow it. But since I have a Samsung phone I cannot uninstall this app. This is criminal.
I don't need this. Samsung stop forcing bloatware on us!!
I dont have any use fir this app. Useless
My AC does not appear on the accepted devices eve if it is detected but the installation fails at 65%. I tried everything. Does the app work only with the listed products??? Thank you!
I don't want this app! Please give the option to uninstall and delete. All apps should come with that option.
Terrible app, that screwed up my audio output. It's clunky and not useful. Worst of all, I don't want it and it was forced.
Since my phone updated to Android 8.0 this app (which is useless to me anyway) keeps crashing. Fix it please!
This APP stops working and is causing havoc on my phone. HOW DO I GET RID OF IT. I NEVER NEVER DOWNLOADED IT.
I don't want or need this app, what I do need is to be able to uninstall or disable this app
More garbage taking up space on our phone. Thanks Samsung.
Please let me remove this app from my s8. I did not realise that when using to test which proved not what i need that it was permanant and not uninstallable please advise
I don't need this app. I have never used it and will never use it. It should not be forced on users without option to delete it. Please give us option to delete the app.
Why do you put these crappy apps on that nobody wants or needs
Why is this on my tablet? I didn't ask for it. I didn't want it. I can't remove it. Samsung is trying hard to make sure I don't buy another product from them. They're succeeding.
You don't need these permissions. Unremovable bloatware
New required permissions to read logs and or browser history is unacceptable.
More junk I don't want and can't remove from my tablet
This app may not optimised to my device. So, why you show me this? Wheres the uninstall or open butt?
Pain in the ass complicated password , have to have phone and tv perfecrly synced . Would rather have remote , which are hard to fund to buy
I don't know what this app is supposed to do. There was no description of it anywhere on the phone or on the app update. Just another crappy app force on us .
Useless! Came pre-loaded in my Tablet yet top of page says "may not be optimized for your device". And the kicker is........ I CAN'T UNINSTALL IT!!!!! What a bunch of bull!
Draining my battery..do not want this app..cannot uninstall it..after years of having Samsung phones will be changing it this week..had enough.
I don't want my phone to control anything but use it as a phone. Would like to uninstall app but can't.
Can't uninstall. I don't appreciate Samsung forcing this app in my phone.
Cant get rid of the "1" by the icon, annoying that I have notifications turned off but it still does this.
I don't need it and I really hate the fact that it's taking up space on my phone. Samsung please permit your customers to uninstall this app.
What is this? Why is this garbage being forced on me? Why can't I get rid of it? I don't have Samsung Connect, I don't want this thing either!
I hate it, why does the new update all of a sudden need more permissions like CAM and MIC, it worked perfectly fine without them Thanks for spying even more on us Sammy
It will not work on my device, i did not install it and i can't delete it!
I dont want this app. Stop forcing apps I dont want on "my" phone. Keep this up Samsung and my next phone will not be a Samsung!
I don't need it, but I can't disable or uninstall it. It requires creepy permissions, and won't install or go away without granting them.
How do I uninstall? I don't want this, I didn't download it and yet here it is, demanding to be updated so it can dictate commands to other devices that I don't want to control! Just how do I uninstall it?
No way to uninstall. Just force to install this app. F*** Samsung
This was installed after my last system update, galaxy s7, and now it won't shut off. It constantly drains on my battery.
Hate it. Never download it as it will stay in your phone forever
Tell me how to uninstall this, keeps crashing when i dont even use it
Don't want don't need stop putting apps in my phone I didn't ask for and didn't give you permission to put on my phone
Can't uninstall and it drains my battery in a few hours. Don't download it, you can get rid of it.
I have no use of this app but can not remove it. Also it requires way too many permissions.
I can't remove this app from my phone. Software like this is one of the reasons that I don't plan on buying another Samsung phone.
JULY 9, 2018: LOOKS LIKE WE ARE STILL WAITING FOR THOSE **UNINSTALL** INSTRUCTIONS, DESPITE TJE RECENT "UPDATE". SOMEBODY THERE IS STILL IGNORING THE MANY, MANY NEGATIVE REVIEWS WHICH BEG **UNINSTALL** OPTIONS FOR THIS UNWANTED, UNNEEDED, AND FORCED-ON-SAMSUNG-DEVICE-OWNERS BLOATWARE..... AMENDED REVIEW OF REVIEW ORIGINALLY POSTED PRIOR TO JULY 5, 2018: [spacing & typos-- why bother? Yeah, I know - are pleas are atill being ignored]***STILL*** awaiting those "uninstall" options or instructions we have been repeatedly promised! MAKE THIS UNWANTED BLOATWARE SPYWARE GO AWAY!!! 5/24/2018 update, in response to Samsung comment to my orig review: I DON'T HAVE, DON'T WANT, & AM *UM*LIKELY TO EVER POSSESS ANY "SMART HOME" TYPE DEVICES! Did you *not* SEE my mention of this fact in the orig review to which you replied? THIS "APP" CANNOT CONTOL OR INTEGRATE HOUSEHOLD OR OTHER "SMART" DEVICES -->>>WHICH I DO NOT POSSESS OR USE!<<<--- Hell, I don't even HAVE OR WANT A "SMART" PHONE, much less a "smart" tv, washing machine, home security system, "Smart" vaccuum cleaner, toothbrush, electric broom, milk supply monitor, central lights or AC controler, "Smart" junk mail monitor, toenail clipper, hair brush, etc. PLEASE TAKE ALL THESE NEGATIVE REVIEWS TO HEART & PROVIDE AN *UNINSTALLATION* METHOD! It would serve your corporation & its customers BETTER to -->actually RESPOND to the information given in these reviews <-- instead of boiler-plate 'oh, but this App can do blah blah blah.' THE "APP" CANNOT "DO" A DAMN THING FOR OR WITH "SMART" DEVICES THAT ARE NEITHER POSSESSED NOR DESIRED BY THE OWNER OF THE SAMSUNG DEVICE ON TO WHICH THIS UN-INSTALLABLE, UN-UNDIS-ABLABLE, UNWANTED, PRIVACY-INVADING "APP" THAT WAS OEM INSTALLED OR FORCED THROUGH INVOLUNTARY "UPDATE"! PREVIOUS REVIEW: I have no idea why google claims this is both installed on my Tab A, and has an awaiting "update" - because it has no listing in settings/"apps", no icon appearing anywhere on the Tablet, and even better: HELLOOOO: "This App may not be optimized for your device". !!! WTAF, Samsung/Googoo??? Having had NO idea what purpose it is supposed to serve, I discover now that it's to 'control Smart devices, appliances, t.v., etc in my home. ARE YOU PEOPLE FREAKIN' NUTS? Not only do I neither have nor want any such 'Smart' appliances or devices in my home, IF YOU THINK SAMSUNG'S SNEAKY INSTALLATION ACTIONS WOULD ENCOURAGE ME TO 'TRUST' SAMSUNG TO HAVE ANY ACCESS TO SUCH THINGS OR INFORMATION ABOUT THEM, YOU ARE OUT OF YOUR MINDS. Just wait until Samsung starts to "update" you 'Smart' refrigerator, television, air conditioning controller -- Yeah.... good luck with that.
Don't want it ,never used it have no need of it and yet it keeps updating and have no way to disable or remove without opening it which causes automatic updates.
Does not show in app manager, was a lot of permissions. Cant remove it or disable. Considering going away from Galaxy S7
Can't uninstall. App requests too many permissions. May as well just rename it to Samsung data miner.
I hate it. I don't want it and I can't uninstall. Super angry about this. No thank you
Do not want it on my phone. Total pain in the butt
Please let me uninstall this! Or at least disable it. I have no Samsung things to control!
This program sucks. Nothing but bloatware. Can't uninstall. Try to disable/remove and it gets automatically enabled and runs without my permission.
Do not want and cannot delete. 1 star for forcing me to deal with this.
If you have no supported devices, what good is this app. Useless waste of space. Need the option to uninstall it.
Why is there no stop option? I dont want to know if there are things to use If i want to use it, I will find it, install it and use it. Uninstall option needed. SMH
I didn't ask for this. I have one samsung device so this is completely unnecessary. I would rate it 0 if i could
Unstable connection when using only a data stream and when it does cast to my TV, the picture is grainy and fuzzy.
I can't use it for my 2018 Samsung smart TV: virtual controller doesn't work, TV pairing doesn't work and then I can't share my media to the TV..
Why in hell can't I delete this app off of my phone ? I want to uninstall it ASAP. This app did not come pre-installed on my phone . I downloaded it because I brought a smart tv but I have never used the app. I don't want or need it .
This is just a complete waste of memory on my phone. Can't uninstall even though I've never used it.
Always freezes. Can't select language on first screen for fridge. Kinda useless.
Remove this worthless, glitch filled, memory absorbing virus from my phone!
Why can I not remove this app? I dont want it!
I pray every day that the people of Samsung get aggressive cancer.
A waste of space and no way to delete it or remove it.
Would not connect, wanted me to register product but would not continue untill there was internet. When the internet and Smart hub we're synced the app would not connect to hub, this not allowing me to register. No Google products, nest thermostat or hello nest.
More unnecessary Samsung bloatware. This ridiculous app is the reason I am currently considering a switch from Samsung! When it was initially released as part of the Peel Remote, users could semi-uninstall it; that option is now unavailable. The last update also over-wrote users' changes to add on automatic updates. I've since opted out of auto-updates and locked it down as much as possible, but am left wondering how long it will be until that is no longer a possibility as well. This is a valid concern as it seems this app has an update released every 10 days or so. I have zero use for it and even if I did, I would find and utilize a different app by a competitor. This one seems not only rife with bugs, but completely insecure. I know this because it is constantly locating a neighbor of mine's smart TV and attempting to log onto it or prompting me to do so. (This is after I have already chosen to remove notifications about nearby devices!) Whenever it does this, it slows my phone to a crawl and usually requires closing everything, then a re-start. Utter rubbish and an extreme waste of my time!!
App conflicts with bluetooth devices (Powerbeats 3). When app is disabled and updates removed the bluetooth problems are resolved.
Why there isnt an option to uninstall or even disable this bloatware. I love samsung but not these forced apps.
Pre installed crapware. Dont need it, dont want it.
Hate it..wont connect to cell phone any more..wish I never downloaded this....
I want to delete this. Please stop forcing apps onto us
This app is annoying and asks to much permissions. Can't even disable it.
I'm not able to connect to MyLink in my car anymore and sometimes it takes forever to connect to my bluetooth headphones.
I have no use for this app. Whenever I use phone popos up and says app has stopped. Why can't I disable app ?
Dont know what its for but its uses a lot of memory and constantly keeps popping up, cant delete it!
Don't want it. Didn't ask for it. Won't use it. Stop wasting space and let me delete it.
Don't use it. Don't want it. Can't even find it in the app list. You know an app is bad if they have to hide it from you..
I have kept this app un-updated for a while since I loved the pull-down menu feature with the normal android device which makes connecting, and changing audio outputs very easy.
Stupid program that does not work but yet it keeps trying to update. I want it gone
It's a useless waste of space that has no use and crashes and constantly updates. Stop updating it and Get. Rid. Of. It. Now.
Effectively forced spyware. Not desired. Cannot uninstall, requires crazy perms
This is a classic example of Samsung Bloatware that cannot be uninstalled from Samsung phone.
Since the unauthorized upload of this app, my phone keeps crashing and it stinks not being able to remove it
Impossible to uninstall. Making my life miserable
Requests too many needless permissions and can't uninstall.
I don't want this app. There is no option to uninstall or disable it. It is thrush and we have to have it even we don't need it.
Bloatware garbage, can't uninstall app from device. I have no smart devices, this app is pure trash
terrible, overall detrimental to the performance of the handset. unwanted, unrequested, unreliable
WHY IN THE HELL I'M OBLIGATED IN HAVIMG THIS APP IN MY DEVICE? I DON'T WANT IT ! I DON'T CARE FOR IT!
Installed app by Samsung not needed wish they stop putting unwanted apps on phones
I didn't install this App, I don't like it my Facebook is closed because this App is spyware or Phishing site.
I dont know how to disable this app i hate it when it randomly connects with a tv how do i turn jt off?
Please let us disable this app not everyone who uses samsung smart phones uses samsung home appliances.
I don't need this app and I don't want it. I'm tired of SAMSUNG slamming me with apps I don't want. Time to stop buying samsung products
I don't want this app. Let me delete it. It's a pointless waste of space on my device
I never asked for this app. Why can't I uninstall it?
More unwanted Samsung bloatware that cannot be deleted.
I don't want this, I never use it and probably never will. Why the hell can't I uninstall this bloatware?!!!
Why? I don't want this app and can't delete it. Garbage.
Continually crashing on S7 that has just been upgraded to Oreo (8.0.0)
Why the hell can't I delete this stupid app. I don't need it, I'll never need it, I should be able to decide if i want it on my phone or not
I don't use this app, then why should I be subjected to it using memory. Where is the uninstall link.
Forced in stall. MY tablet is MY property not Samsung's. It's not even compatible.
This app seems to drain my battery and i have never used it please tell me how to uninstall it
Totally unwanted app why cant I uninstall or delete this forced app from samsung?
Need to uninstall this irrelevant app from my device immediately
How do I get this annoying garbage off my phone?
It's annoying constantly popping up into my notification.
No easy way to uninstall or even disable. Another good reason to buy apple next time!
Doesn't connect media ie music to incar entertainment, looks all very nice, but lousy
How do I disable this app??? Does not show up in my installed apps list and I have no need for this
Bloatware. This is the last Samsung phone I buy. Too intrusive.
Always crashes. No idea why I can't uninstall
Cannot remove or disable this unnecessary app. Very annoying.
Forced app, cannot stop or clear data
The app might as well ask for my SS# credit card and mother's maiden name... and why can't I uninstall?!?!
I have uninstalled this but still getting updates. This is verging on harassment now as it daily notification.
More bloatware that can't be removed. Don't want it, can't get rid of it. Stop treating your customers like dirt Samsung.
Hackers us it for inappropriate content on tour tv ,I have small children, can't get it to uninstall keeps coming back????
My mbl fingerprint scanner works slow.. How I can better it..? Tell me
Hey Samsung. You installed this on my phone without asking me. That is an invasion of my privacy and totally unacceptable.
Don't have smart appliances so it's no use to me
Filled the phone full of pop up ads, and now i can't uninstall. AVOID!!!!!!
Why do you need access to my call information, camera, etc.? I don't even use the app and I can't disable it.
The permissions are invasive. I have no option to uninstall. There is no link the "Privacy Policy" in the app description.
Don't want, cant uninstall on phone. Keeps telling its stop.Uses data installed on a phone update,how can I get it off my phone????
I do not want or need this app. Would appreciate being able to remove it from my phone.
Garbage. Don't want. Can't delete. Keeps slowing my phone with notifications. Unacceptable Samsung. I'm losing faith in the brand
It is not easy to connect. Have to approve even access to my private contact. Not working with Huawei phones/tablets.
Need to let me disabled it on the S7. Garbage if you have no other connected devices.
How can I remove Smart things from my tablet? I do not need it or want it and I don't want the update notifications. Thanks
It's Bad! IT ALWAYS GET ME WARNING MESSAGES
I want to create account and not able to create account because the next button is not working please help me
Beware! 20K users scream "GET this OFF MY (device). Samsung's EGOS make them BULLY'S. I can't uninstall or even Disable; revoking all permissions and leave at ver 1.00.00.84. We're nuts for thinking OUR MONEY got us hardware ownership (WiFi-only S2 TABLET, not a leased phone).
Don't want it. Don't need it. Didn't ask for it. A complete waste of space on my phone.
It sucks! Give me the option to delete it! I have not, nor will I ever use it!
I don't need or want this app but cannot remove it from the list of pending updates
I don't want it on my device causing problems
Bloatware I don't want and is forced on me. Will switch phones, never again a Samsung.
Can't uninstall nor disable it. Draining battery
Screw this app nothing but problems since update. Looks like I'm going to SmartSwitch to iPhone!!!
Can't stop it, always crashes. Is sucking up my battery and I don't need it. Waste of my memory.
Hate it i just want it gone all it does is update everytime I get rid of it
I don't need this app, and there is no way to remove it. Wasted space for those who do not need or want this app.
It does not work on my samsung s6 and i can not uninstall it
Bloatware. Don't need it, don't want it, can't disable or uninstall it.
I shouldn't need an online Samsung account to cast to a TV that is 5 feet from my phone. Not only is that obnoxious on its own but it also means I can't cast to a friend's TV or to a hotel TV.
This app and Samsung's S7. Absolute GARBAGE!
Cannot disable this app and the permissions are highly invasive. I would be interested to know if this app meets GDPR.
Installed with at&t update, can't uninstall it and don't want it on my phone. Crazy permissions to collect your data and probably it sell it to "partners".
Keeps popping up on my screen...don't want it and can't uninstall it
This is a waist of memory space I absolutely no use for it ! How do I delete this garbage from my phone?
Hate that it was put on my phone and I cant uninstall it.
Samsung load the phone with a lot of unuseful things, like this app
It looses connection far too often and now changing name or app it now mpre confusing
I DID NOT ASK FOR THIS STOP PUTTING SHT ON MY PHONE JERK THAT I HAVE TO TAKE TIME TO TELL YOU...LEAVE MY PHONE THE HEL. ALONE!!!
No one use it ,please enable disable button
Don't want app would like to uninstall it.
I don't need and I don't want this app yet I can't uninstall it. All it does it asks for more permissions with new updates. So - no thanks. Not interested in "new experience".
Never asked for this app. Cannot unstall it, don want it. Samsung sort this out please
How in the hell do you delete this app. Useless
Something I don't need forced onto my phone. Need a disable/delete option
An intrusive add that I did not ask for or want.
It never works. It rakes up space and I can't uninstall it when I never installed it in the first place.
I can't use it so it's simply wasting my data space. How can I get rid of it.
OMG! SLOWS DOWN MY PHONE AND I CAN NOT UNINSTALL COMPLETELY. INFURIATING!
I would love to get rid of this app. Not using it at all and cannot be deleted or disabled...
Keeps generating error messages that it has stopped. I cannot disable or uninstall it. Very annoying.
Comprehensive invasion of privacy. Much better to set up locally without their cloud.
This app was installed by force and cannot be uninstalled or disabled. I neither want nor need this app and am forced to accept it and let it take up valuable memory with no benefit.
This app ain't hurting nothing but I just want to know what the heck this is and why I cannot uninstall it from my phone, along with other things and if it's possible to uninstall things like this at all. EDIT: thank you
Samsung Link-&gt;Connect-&gt;SmartThings... Name keeps changing, but my use for it remains 0. Wish I could remove this from my phone.
Does not actually work with Smartthings. Can't call app Smartthings if it doesn't connect to the app. Ridiculous move by Samsung.
I want this off my phone I should have a choice if I want it or not. Waste of space
When i started to update the app the button n my phone stoped lighting up.
Wants access to way to much on my device. So im not going to even install.
Very bad experience on my Huawei mate 10 Release an ios version, too
Useless app it does not allow me to uninstall
Useless bloatware that cannot be unistalled Or shutdown
Pain in the butt. Pops up when not wanted and can't be uninstalled or turned off
The app keeps freezing. Samsung decided to load it on my phone for me. I never approved it.
This app was preinstalled on my phone and I have no use for it yet it won't let me delete it off. =(
I will never use this app and I want the ability to uninstall it completely or at the very least disable it.
Serves no useful purpose, why can't I uninstall it?
Why cant i uninstall? Hate these sucky forced apps
How do I uninstall this app I never use or wanted.
I DONT HAVE ANY DEVICES. Why should i be forced to have this app on my phone. DELETE IT !
Not giving the user the option to remove this piece of spyware (which it is essentially) is not right.
I don't have any Smart Things to Operate. No Bluetooth, Old TV's. I rent, appliances aren't Smart.
Bloatware that I can't remove from my phone. It is constantly crashing even when I'm not using it.
I just don't update this at all . That's the best thing to do . Dont use it, dont update it, cant even remember why i hated it but it was an issue that made me remember to update everything except this!
Everytime I unlock my phone this thing rapes my screen and I've never used or wanted it
I dont want this app. How do i get rid of it? Its so annoying
Another Samsung useless app that can't be disabled.
Giant piece of uninstallable garbage. Crashes every five minutes or so. Can't disable or fix. Seriously garbage.
More bloat don't want it give us a choice samsung don't just force it on us
I honeslty think it's great it helps me sort my thing and help me maintain most of my bluetooth connections all at once its honeslty a life saver
Don't want it and should be able to get rid of it.
The worst app ever created my phone is unsecure and anyone can access it
Keeps stopping requires user intervention. Wants me to update...unable to remove without rooting. PITA.
I cannot remove this app from my phone nor can I turn off the permissions.
Not useful for nonsamsung products. It seems to be useless and still can't uninstall
This was added to my phone during the last update and I don't want it and it will not allow me to delete it
Unable to remove this app which I don't use.
Made the mistake of opening it. Can't even disable it.
I hate built in apps that I do not use and use my data to update when I can't uninstall it.
I don't understand why I can't uninstall or disable an app that I've never used and will never use.
Screen mirroring worked until I had to get this app. now it's broke
Not a fan. Integrations with third party services such as Arlo don't work correctly with this app build, but work fine with the classic app. Needs some additional dev and bug fix work.
When I don't want something I don't "F"in want it. I don't want it to update, I don't want it installed on my device. I don't want it to be accessible by some remote service. I don't want it on my phone, I don't want it at all. I don't want it, I don't like ignorance and lames.
STOP FORCING THIS ONTO MY PHONE OR START PAYING FOR MY STORAGE
I dont want to use this feature and would like to disable it.
I don't want or need this app And it won't let me uninstall it from my phone.. There is no uninstall options
Bloatware . Samsung you can do better than this . Give users an option to remove what they don't need. Thanks
Requires too many permissions, failed to set up my TV, is mostly useless.
Unable to uninstall this resource hungry app and i have no use for it
More worthless junk I can't get rid of.
Do not want this, did not ask for this, and can not remove it. I shouldn't have to "hide" it from my tool bar when it's something I don't even want running.
Not useful so i have one question to developer - How can i remove this ?
Never asked for this. It was shoved down my throat.
stop trying to update. I don't use this app and will not grant it permissions
Worst app. Not allowing you to uninstall it
I don't need or use this app. I didn't even download it, it just appeared. Why can't I remove it?
Asking for permissions that I cannot see the app needing for any reason.
This is why I hate Samsung devices. Forced bloatware that you cannot remove.
I want it to go away and stop messing up my phone. It's spyware .
Shouldnt have location or other permissions. Intrusive apps should be blocked
Not liking the way it has full control of my device and wouldn't let me see certain things on my device
Terrible app. From crashing to freezing up to not being able to install wifi. Do not install!!!
GARBAGE that's taking up memory space on MY phone!!!
Cant uninstall. Asks for permissions and constantly asks me to update it. ill never buy another samsung product.
I hate this app and I would like it off my phone it is annoying!!!!!
Don't want it but it can't be uninstalled. Very fed up.
Throw it away and take it off my phone now
I hate it it will not let me uninstall it
Not impressed. But it's built into the beast, so suck it up, or get an iPhone.
I bought a connect home 3 pack, Samsung say it's easier to setup a WiFi network, but it has been a nightmare, basically impossible.
I dont use this app and cant turn it off, i turn it off it turns itself back on.
Why would you need permissions to view my contacts? No way! Disabling!
Can't get rid of this app. I don't need or want "smart" devices so should be able to remove this App. (I live fairly remotely and have limited internet connectivity so such things are not really feasible even if I did want them/didn't mind every aspect of my life being tracked/monitored etc. etc.)
Dont need it, why am I forced to have it?
The only thing I want the app to connect to is my Samsung smart tv but it seems that it just won't. I'm really curious as to why samsung doesn't have just a tv remote control app.
I dont need this on my phone. Wish I could take it off. It is useless to me.
Peace of junk tries to take over phone and things linked to it.
Preinstalled bloatware. Didn't ask for it, don't want it, can't uninstall it.
Didnt ask for this app. Don't want this app. Tell me how to kill it.
Another forced junked by Samsung unable to uninstall or disable!
i wish i could uninstall this app. takes up to much space and i dont need or use it.
Doesn't always work with my tv... unable to pair with my Alexa with the app for Alexa...switch will not stay on
Forcibly installing an app and then making it impossible to delete or disable is a great way to get me to NOT use an app, out of sheer annoyance.
Any chance samsung can let me know how to remove this app which is absolutely useless for me and take storage space in my phone for nothing ? I didn't ask for it and it's been forced installed with the last update of my phone I really start to be tired of having unwanted apps using the memory of my phone that i could use for something else
Battery drainer v1.0. Didn't touch this thing ever in my life and yet it always eats around 10% of my battery every charge. But hey it's paramount that it's always running.
Unwanted bloatware. Cannot be removed or disabled.
I dont want this app. I want to get rid of it but havent been able to uninstall.
Poor application for samsung J series no connection or control able with TV
How do I delete this app? This is stupid.
I HATE IT HAS NO USE JUST TAKES UP SPACE
This is spyware and keylogging software to steal your data.
Hundreds of dollars for a phone that comes with unremovable bloatware!
"Smart things app unresponsive" close app. 30+ times a day. Wish I could remove it permanently.
I want to uninstall and can't. I will not use any app that is forced on me. If I could give no stars I would!!!
Downloaded its self while I was working on another app. Can't deleat!!! Seriously pissed off. I don't want this!!!
I neither need nor want this app. Would love a delete option rather being forced to keep it
Don't need this app at all, but unable to delete from my device.terrible job, samsung
More unnecessary bloatware which I didn't want and have therefore uninstalled.
I have no use for this. I cannot disable. I cannot uninstall. Useless junk taking up space.
Another Samsung useless app you cannot remove from your device
I don't use it and don't want to update it. It wont allow you to disable the App.
Bloatware. Get this nonsense off my phone, or at least let me disable it.
Why does this app need so many permissions? Get it off my phone
Don't want app. Do not have devices to use with. And do not think you need access to all I do
Virus like garbage that you cannot uninstall.
Independientemente si el app es util o no. Simplemente no la quiero en mi dispositivo. La ultima actualización me pide nuevos permisos que no quiero dar y son obligatorios para proceder. No veo forma de desintalarla
Doesn't support J series Smart TV.. nothing more can be expected
It takes up so much space I don't use it at all but I can't delete it because Samsung is a pos that makes you have certain apps.
This is a work phone I have no use for it I would like it gone
Failed to transfer hub setup from ST Classic. Have to reconfigure everything now.
Privacy invasive app that cannot be uninstalled.
Bundleware that cannot be uninstalled or even disabled. Keeps crashing on my phone.
Didn't ask for it  don't want it  looking forward to the time when Samsung let's me uninstall it as it's of no use to me
I wouldn't have known or cared about this app if it didn't crash every time I answered a call.
This app is a virus. It doesn't allow user to disable or uninstall. Stay away.
Waste of space and why do we keep on getting this waste of space.
Keeps trying to install itself. Give your users an option not to have this app.
It is an app that I don't want but can't uninstall. Fine, but if you are going to force the app on me at least keep it from crashing and slowing down the phone.
No option to uninstall or even hide app on apps page. Useless bloatware.
I dont need or want this app. I want to remove it but apparently this is not possible.
I hate this app. Keeps closing and I can't remove it.
Can you please uninstall this thing....I hate it
When I choose the option to view the TV on my phone like a mirror feature, after I exit that feature, the control features are all greyed out and cannot be used anymore until I restart the app.
It won't even turn my Samsung TV on. But it does turn it off.
How do I get rid of this bloatware rubbish?
I don't want it. I didn't install it. I consider it too intrusive. I want it removed.
How do I disable/delete this junk
Didn't ask for it. Now it wants camera and mike permissions. Bad Samsung!
Bloatware. I didn't ask for this to be installed and I can't remove it.
Don't have a Samsung tv so useless bloatware
Why dont we have the choice to uninstall this app if you dont need it?
I don't have any smart technology
This was installed without my knowledge. Let me take it off my phone.
We don't need your bloatware on our android phones even if we buy a samsung phone
Horrible transition to new app. Nothing works. Absolutely terrible.
Pointless bloatware, should be allowed to uninstall or at the very least disable the app...
I didn't install this app, but I am unable to remove it.
Just more forced & unwanted content on my phone.
Completely pointless, but imposed by Samsung. It seems impossible to uninstall.
i dont need it. i dont want it. i will NEVER use it. but it takes up precious space on my device!! want to remove it !!!!
I don't want to use this app but I can not uninstall it from my Samsung galaxy tab a at all
b"It's keep asking me to update even if I don't want this app!??"
I don't want to accept all you permissions. Uninstall option or at least disable
I think I should be able to uninstall it if I don't want it... I have Samsung and I don't want the app right now and I would like to choose to uninstall it.
no known need but sends notices sevetal times a day
POS app that I can't uninstall or disable or use and constantly gives notifications, let me uninstall!
Don't know how this got on my phone can't get it off, total waste.
I can't uninstall. I don't want it. Very annoying.
Useless as have nothing it works with. Can't uninstall either. Why not Samsung?
App appeared on my device, unable to install, reporting as illegal malware.
bloatware I can't remove from my phone.
Why do we have to update this? Its not necessary for me
Let's not add apps to my phone I have no use for thank you very much...
Stop spying on us! We don't want it
Do not need it & takes up valuable space.
Would like to uninstall this garbage....how do I do it.
Garbage app that won't let me uninstall.
Bloatware that I don't want on my phone and can't get rid of.
Allow us to REMOVE this junk. This is MY device!!!!
How do I remove this unrequired bloat ware from my device? It can't be disabled.
I didn't ask for this, why is it automatically downloaded! Hate bloatware.
What is the point of an app that is pre installed yet isn't optimised for the device installed on?
Unwanted, obnoxious, can't disable or remove.
Bloatware, get it off of my phone!
Sorprendente su aplicación y como es que aplica al diario gracias por tan productivo mejoramiento a los usuarios fe la misma un abrazo
Don't want it. Didn't ask for it. Can't even uninstall it. This is invasive and should go away.
I own nothing to connect to. Just want this app to go away but can not disable
Why can't I remove this buggy security-hole filled junk?
Cannot remove from my Samsung S7. Bloatware.
Why is this built in to my device? I didn't ask for it, nor can I use it in any way.
Totally unneeded bloatware that's effectively impossible to remove.
It's mediocre.... their is better
Why Not Ask For My Bank Detail's As Well.Blatant Spyware.
Draining battery on my phone when i don't even want it on my phone. Can't even uninstall it.
I don't own Samsung appliances So I don't need this app How do I remove this
I miss my old screen and I forgot how to change it back :(
Didn't want it and don't want it. It was forced on my phone by Samsung. I can't not remove it. Been using Samsung for years. Will not use them again for anything.
K. I do not care what the app is for. I have no use for it, nor will i ever. How do i remove it from my phone.
Can't uninstall. Why must Samsung determine what apps I should use?
Dont want this, cant remove this. Spyware.
I don't need this app, yet cannot remove it. This is not fair.
Bloatware bullcrap that I don't want but can't get rid of
You would think it would connect a Samsung Note 8 to a Samsung QLED Q9F
Bloatware, did not want, do not want, cannot get rid of, all thats bad
Total waste of time didn't ask for it, won't use it, can't get rid of it.
Waste of time u can use only if the tv is on
Keeps coming on I hate it can't get rid of it it sucks
Don't have any smart things. Let me disable it
Nothing but more garbage bloatware from Samsung. Wish I could delete it
More bloatware being forced onto my device by Samsung.
I do not want this app and would like that option.
Just get it of my phone. Never asked for it.
There is nothing in my house that will require me to use this app. Furthermore, I do not like the invasiveness of the permissions it asks for. I want this off of my phone now!
I'd like to delete it... intrusive forced app.
Bloatware that cannot be uninstalled or disabled.
Need browsing history, contacts, bookmarks and more permissions. Why does it need all that? Uninstalled
Useless for me. Don't need it wasting space on my device.
Just want to uninstall. Does not seem possible. How do I uninstall?
I hate it. Please allow me to uninstall it.
DR. SAM I AM I couldn't believe it this program is so AWESOME I recommend it to try it out with your phone you will love it
This app is garbage and I can't remove it from my phone
This app doesn't match its name. It's stupid
It was the one thing that was missing. Now I'm speechless. Samsung #1.
Upgrade the app to make samsung devices connectivity with MI Tvs and phones more smooth please, it irrating as it the connection pulsates.
Hacks your device, transmits to unsecured devices
It doesn't connect to anything I have and then leaves a battery sucking service running even though I'm not using it. It's also on forced download and can't be disabled - it can be uninstalled.
Keeps popping up and can't uninstall it
Unwanted bloatware and I am unable to uninstall it.
It's invasive and can not be uninstalled. It's forced on me and that's just wrong
another crappy samsung program that can't be removed
wish i could uninstall it ,blatant spyware
Pls. remove this useless app. Samsung, don't force spamware on users.
Useless app, crashes constantly, unable to remove it. Poor PR, Samsung!
Let me delete this bloatware garbage.
It takes forever to download the apps it's been downloading Samsung health for more than 45 minutes now
Another app i dont want and can't delete
Didn't ask for it don't want it. More bloatware
I don't want to use space for this. I have none of the things with which it connects and no plans to get them.
waste of space. I don't use or need it and can't disable... annoying
Dont want it. Can not uninstall it
Is the an uninstall option yet? Would have thought the designers would be more on the ball with this.
To intrusive, don't want it.
Hate I can't get rid of it.
Unwanted rubbish I can't delete
Bloatware, impossible to uninstall :-[
Ask too many permissions. Not interested
This is BS bloatware. I don't need it, want it, nor like it.
More BLOATWARE Why can't we uninstall
I do not want this on my phone, and I am unable to disable it. If you're going to force something onto my phone that is not a critical system, allow the option to disable.
b"DON'T need it,l can do my stuff manually and save space on my phone! ??"
How do I uninstall? This app is useless to me.
I like it, super convenient, is so nice not having to go to Bluetooth and see that old screen I've been seeing for yeara. I only wish I could present so it opens directly on Devices since is the only tab I actually use.
How do i get rid of this D## thing
Useless item that cannot be disabled and asks for excessive permissions.
I just want to have a working volume control for my Samsung Dex. Why is this locked down until I hand over my list of contacts?
Still don't see an "Uninstall" option, only that it wants more permissions than it needs.
Do not like. Tries to take over.
Too many permissions asked, can't delete or disable and I don't even want it.
Asks for too many permissions. Comes pre installed and can't be removed.
Constantly crashing and I have no use for it. Uninstalled!
Tired of bloatware make an app to remove that youve done something
HATE IT GET RID OF IT ON MY PHONE!
Too intrusive. Don't need it. Don't want it. Can't uninstall it.
Why is it not allowed to uninstall or even disable this potential security risk, if you don't need it??!!
This is rubbish want it installed. App doesn't uninstall
Won't allow me to delete it. It's my phone, I paid for it. I don't want this app.
b"I dont even use this app or any SmartThings devices, but the app keeps constantly crashing and I can't uninstall because Samsung disabled that option ??"
needs work. If you use the old app, this new one may show half your devices as Unknown in the app....like motion and water sensors.
I'm not able to update the app it's showing an error
App comes with the phone. Can't uninstall or remove permissions. Samsung crapware at its best.
I have no use for this app and I hate that it's being forced into my phone.
Don't need it. Don't want it. Can't uninstall it. Not good Samsung. iPhone looking better and better.
hate it . remove it from my phone. i dont know why you intrude
I dont have Samsung tv etc hence u don't want the app. I love my Samsung galaxy s6 but i don't want this app, constantly wanting updated.
I did not install I want to be able to remove thanks
Don't need it. How do I delete especially as it keeps telling me it's continually updating?
Don't want it, can't delete it. Bloatware.
Irrelevant to me, and can't be uninstalled
I just want u to add just one more option, of giving 'negative stars'. Seriously.
Causes so many problems...please delete it from Samung phones.
So tired of all this preloaded *rap that comes with Samsung.
Can't uninstall and it constantly gives me notifications. What a shady move to force this on customers.
Bloatware that I don't want or need on my phone.
Issues with internet connection when this app activates with bluetooth headphones.
How do I remove from phone. Never installed it. Waste of space.
Not sure how to link the notifier so I can get my texts an my music an to use the camra I need the app but not sure how I downloaded a scanner but that did not work
The latest release is not user-friendly at all.
Dont need it and can't uninstall it.
Useless and can't be removed by normal users
I don't have anything other then my phone. I don't need this, and I can't disable it!
Download by mistake!@! Won't let you uninstall!@@
Absolutely HATE it. Not useful. Can't delete it. Invasion of privacy!
Please stop making pointless bloatware a compulsory install.
Cannot remove the app from my phone. Waste of space.
I don't want this App, but there are no options to cancel installation.
Can't delete this app. I thought Android was meant to be flexible. Obviously not when it's Samsung.
too much access to our data. no logical reason for it.
I don't need it I don't want it I should be able to delete it off my device
How do I delete this waste of space?
Bloatware. Cant delete from galaxy s7
It was forced on me. Corporate fascists
Useless for me, can't uninstall or disable. Annoying bloatware.
... shame on you for forcing this on my phone - can't disable - can't remove - BOO HISS !!!
Quick connect on my s5 was great, the Samsung connect on my new s7 needs an 'email address and password' or nothing happens, if this is progress count me out
WILL NOT WORK WITH SAMSUNG BOT VACUUM!
Not working in my country but i have to keep it updated... not good Samsung absolutely NOT
I also would like to have the option to disable or uninstall this app because I don't use it.
Unneeded and cannot be uninstalled. Harrassed by updates.
Don't want it. No way to disable it. Do not like apps I don't want forced on me!
Hate Samsung bloated Touchwiz UI.
Samsung downloaded this automatically to my phone. I don't need it and don't want it.
b"Could you please explain me why this application automatically installed to my mobile when i update my software ??? It's strange !!! Even i cannot uninstall this app ??"
Keeps crashing and does not allow you to remove it.
Not possible to uninstall. It's bloatware that comes with the phone.
In Samsung Music ....The update version 16.2.14.14 not good ...you should create "View" and "sort by" method in Album
Will not for the love of God let me delete it.
Sucks doesn't work with my Samsung UN40H5203 TV
Am i crazy? Or do you have to start all over making automation and other settings.. it doesnt carry over from old app? Boooo
Pointless app that isn't needed and i cannot delete it.
i dont need this bloatware. drains battery.
Doesn't work all the time locks up phone
b"Such a bad app, just wasted my time, can't find my tv, waste of time ??"
How do I get rid of this app? It doesn't show in my app list, but insists on updating when I am in the Play Store.
Bloatware. Not wanted can't uninstall
More garbage bloatware. I don't want it and I can't delete it.
Ridiculous permissions demands. Do not want.
Uninstall option needed. I do not have any Samsung products to control, but if I do ever get one I will reinstall prompty
I'm not even sure why this is on my phone. I'm sure I didn't install it in the first place. Now I can't get it off. I don't want to deny permission I would like it off... how might one do this??
Bloatware you can't remove.
This is a bloatware. I don't need this and i can't remove it
I have,and will always have,1 device.my phone.NEVER will I have any other devices.Would be nice if I could take this b.s. app off MY fricken phone!
Don't need app. Shouldn't be bolt wear. Waste of memory
Bloatware, I wish I could uninstall this.
How do I get rid of this app??? I have absolutely no use for it and I'm fed up with it jamming my phone every time I try to use it.
There's nothing I need this app to do. It's useless.
I don't have the electronic to support this app. Useless app.
This should be an optional app. I want to uninstall it. I do not want it having permissions. This needs to change.
S9+ killed Bixby which is what i wanted it for. No more annoying Bixby. Bixby button is now dead thank geebus.
I don't want this app on my phone, I didn't ask for it, I don't need it, so please don't force it on me Samsung.
Don't want this on my phone and I can't remove it. I didn't install this app, and I think the whole concept of controlling stuff from your phone a extremely bad idea.
Keeps crashing, don't use it, don't want it, can't uninstall it, can't disable it. Bloat ware.
Don't use it, can't get rid of it. Give me the option to disable it. I don't want it!
I dont want this app on my tablet
Why can't I uninstall or even disable this terrible app?
Worst app not working in galaxy tab A
I want to uninstall it because the only Samsung device I have is my phone and I don't use this app.
Should be an option to uninstall for those who does not like it
Waste of space an app I do not need
Its awful like a virus that i cant remove
Total rubbish and can't uninstall it.
I want to disable it. Dont want the app
Intrusive, invasive...can not uninstall... watchers!
I dont like havin a compulsory app
Stops me playing music in my car
Cant delete this bloatware....I want control over my devices, and the programs that are not needed
For something that isn't necessary, we should be able to uninstall it.
I don't need this, I don't have smart things.
dont like it want it off my phone annoying
WHY dose this app need access to everything that is on my phone ? App's like this really have me worried !!!!!!!!!!
Has given my phone bugs and caused it to crash
Completely useless. Please remove from store and allow us to remove it from our phones!!!!!
Bloatware. Can't remove, don't want don't need.
i don't want this app on my phone so let me uninstall it and don't try to force me to update it...
Bloatware that you can't uninstall.
bloat ware. Runs in background waisting battery. Burn it with fire.
I dont want you tracking everything i do
Bloatware...DO NOT USE as it wants access to everything.
Bought a Samsung 5 series 5200 and the smart tv app told me to get smart things and this app doesn't connect to it either
I would prefer to uninstall any app that automates and monitors anything I do. I choose free choice.
100% spyware. Samsung is a monster!
Can't remove this app. Make it go away!
Not Connecting to 32k4300.. previous quickconnect is so good and easy to use. Smartthings should be used only for HA
Dont know what it is. There is no description. Will remove
Large app that I don't need. Just appeared.
Pre-installed waste of space.
You cannot disable this app I don't want it on my phone Samsung telling me I have to have it
Too many app permissions are needed to use. And can't uninstall on Samsung S8.
Don't want it, can't uninstall. Zero stars is more fitting.
Stop apologizing for it and let us disable it or remove it!
I used to be able to mirror my phone to my sony tv before this smart update! Also found i cannot connect calls to my car anymore!
Won't let me uninstall.... takes up to Much space
Can't uninstall, can't disable. Doesn't do anything useful...
When we don't have this need also we are unable to uninstall this
I have no use for it. I did not see an UNINSTALL button. How do I uninstall?
Cant uninstall or disable this app and it constantly crashes in the background total bloatwear.
Just more bloatware eating up precious storage space...
Ridiculous that I cant uninstall this garbage app
Don't know what is does ,can't get rid of it , don't want it
Bloatware, cannot remove.
Dont want tos on my phpne!
one of the worst app i hv seen from samsumg.
Can't uninstall it bull poop dont need or want it f Samsung
I have been trying to uninstall this all afternoon it will not let me uninstall it.
I hate not being able to uninstall it!
This app made me to think about that my next mobile would be iPhone instead of Samsung.
Don't want it but keeps popping up with updates. Like a virus.
Let me disable or deny premissions.
It can't connect with my Samsung smart TV...
The forced new account things is garbage.
Can't connect to my smart tv now
I do not want this app but there is no way to remove ir
It won't stay connected to my tv
Why don't you listen to your critics & make this an app? Not integral part of the phone...
I don't want this application and it keeps coming. Please help me to remove this application from my phone.
Why I can not uninstall or disable this app? I want this off my device
I don't want, need, or use this app but the Google Play Store constantly hounds me to update it. Needs a delete option.
I just want to know how I can delete this app from my phone.
Keeps asking for the same permissions over and over all night long. Can't uninstall
I cannot uninstall this app and it serves no purpose to me. It asks for permission for a lot of personal information for an app that I dont even want.
Another app that I will never use! We should have the option to disable it.
Spams the **** out of your phone wen it is not working
Unwanted app. Can't remove.
I don't want or need this app, but Samsung will not let me remove it.
Cant uninstall. Hate this thing
Useless. Requires constant updates
How to uninstall this app which is a potential privacy issue app?
useless on my phone and can't be uninstall!
I don't need this and could use the space on my phone for other things. Wish I could disable and uninstall but it keeps wanting updates.
I love this app it Abel's me to do things that you used to have to use a lot of cables for.
Get this bloatware off my phone
Forced app that I dont need
Keeps making my phone glitch!!! Wish I could disable it!!
And again forcing stuff i dont want on my phone!!!!
Keeps crashing even when not in use
Stops running several times throughout the day..
I dont want it in my phone
Can't even be disabled... thinking of rooting my phone just to remove this
Dont want it but forced to have it
Stop forcing trash bloatware on us
stop with the forced install. i have no use for this app. at least allow the option to disable or uninstall
Nag nag nag I do not use this ap, I disable is ap, yet it insists on updating. I would like it OFFER my phone thank you.
Won't be granting access to an app that requires access to all my contact list. This is suppose to control my Smartthings devices and appliances. Not more.
Just read others feedback on this app. Go back to Quick Connect.
Useless app, can't delete it, crashes constantly.
I don't want to install it, but this keeps showing up in updates.
It's a SPY. Why does it need access to all my details, contact details and photos??
I own ONLY samsung phone so this has no purpose
I wish to be able to decide what is on my device, this prevents me from making that decision.
Ridiculous amount of permissions. No option to uninstall.
Audio dropout when I connect to level u
Please add the option to uninstall this. I have no use for it. It's like owning a lawn mower on the international space station...
never asked for it, don't want it
Another useless application that can not be uninstalled
Useless app to me. Please advice how to uninstall it.
I don't want this app but it got on my phone with an update and I cant remove it.
Cant uninstall I have no need for it. So it takes up space
O novo app parece ter potencial, mas ainda não comporta todas as funcionalidades da versão classic.
I have no use for this app and it will not let me uninstall.
Needs to many permissions for a simple remote app. Its a remote, it doesn't need my messenger and photo files among many other things.
b"I should be able to disable an app I'm not gonna use ??"
Waste . Want to know how to delete it
Bloatware that I cant remove from my phone
Gives instructions that don't even work.
Cant get rid of this app from my phone
Keeps crashing and cant make stop doint it
Poor connection. Drops frequently. Too many bugs.
Always updating..messing up my phone
Useless bloatware that can't be removed
Useless app and unable to be removed.
SPYthing, not SmartThings... access to browsing history including bookmarks... and all other Infosys in your phone with no option to uninstall.
Another app I will NEVER use, seriously sick of apps that can't be removed and have zero value to me.
I don't use IOT devices. I should be able to uninstall this since I don't ever use it. :&lt;
Why can I not uninstall this, I do not want or need it, get this sorted out Samsung
Bloatware, needs history and bookmarks. Why???
I am uninstalling this app because it keeps telling me I have a notification but gives me no way of getting rid of it
How can i delete this, i do not want it on my phone.
Keeps crashing and cant delete.
Uninstalled it because I don't use it. Now all you have to do is make a hide feature so we don't see it in the updates.
Intrusive and impossible to block, disable, or uninstall.
It sucks. Please let us u install the app. I don't like change. Bluetooth I my car working before update.
screen mirrar not work connect not fast
I didn't have a choice to install or, now uninstall this app. I've no use for it.
Worst app. Not abled to uninstall.
Why does it require all permissions just to open it up. Removed immediately and won't be buying any more Samsung gear.
Bloatware cannot uninstall. Cancer.
I have zero use for this app but I can't delete or disable it
How long until you implement the option to delete this app!!!!
Cant remove this bloatware. When will samsung stop this anticonsumer behavior?
UK tracking for censors no thank you tried to remove. Can't!
You really do a good job of messing things up. It was working OK until 3/12/18
Can't use it. Can't uninstall it. The definition of "Bloatware".
Useless for me shouldn't be a compulsory app
Don't need it. Don't want it. Junk.
Didn't work with my tv
I want to control my apps not some crappy app that lumps them all together.
One thing missing from this - an uninstall button
Another bloatware that can't be removed or disabled...
Unwanted bloatware I can't uninstall
Needs too many permissions, cannot be uninstalled!
Don't like you can't remove, disable, stop background data, etc etc..... don't use, don't want
Stopped working the whole time!! Blocked other apps..... pure rubbish!!!
We should have a right to uninstall this app it doesn't show a place to uninstall it do not need it
Wish I could disable this junk
Bloat ware. Don't want it. Don't need it. Waste of space.
Let me Uninstall this useless App
Doesn't work with custom Device Handlers that work in the Smartthings Classic app.
Another junk app not wanted
Dont want it didnt ask for it.
It makes my phone upset
I want the option to disable or remove this app. I do not want this app on my device.
Spam app cannot be uninstalled
Bloatware that I cannot uninstall.
Works well enough for running my Samsung vacuum but doesn't provide the right feedback from notifications or the mapping feature.
The app will not let me use my hue lights or Ring doorbell, which the classic app would.
HATE BEING FORCED. GET LOST
I do not need this app. I have absolutely NO appliances, TV's or any gadget. So quit automatically installing.
Can't get rid of this trash off my phone.
Needs too many permissions. Can't be disabled.
if I can't uninstall it then I'm not in control and it is not welcome to exist on MY phone!
Never knew had this till asked to update??
This app has completely messed up my Bluetooth capability and cannot be uninstalled.
I have no use for this app but unable to uninstall. Pls fix this. It is NOT right to force and mislead customers in this manner.
Useless bloatware. Can't uninstall.
Support for economy line devices is not available, if I buy brand shouldn't be restricted in any manner.
Over reach with many permissions. Uninstalled as a result.
Rubbish. How do I uninstall?
Bloatware demanding too many sensitive permissions
I don't want this app. I want to delete or uninstall but can't do that. I want this app gone!
This is okay, but I don't like Samsung pay and this is tied into it for some reason. Also, can't delete it.
There sould be an option to remove this from sight. Not just forced on use like sheep im not a sheep im a pickle. When i fill like it. You asked.
Can't delete the app. Bloatware.
Want this off my phone & there is not an option to do so please inform me on how to get rid of this!
Bloatware, nothing more.
I have no use for it and can't uninstall....too may permissions.
I don't need this app and yet it won't let me unistall it.
Want to uninstall this waste of time.
More bloat. This update says ig makes the app better. The only way it could be better is if I could remove it completely.
doesn't work, now can't uninstall...fu!
Let me delete this bloatware.
I want to remove it off my phone, but I can't!
Nothing yet, because i need to see how this application runs. I will be sure in about 90 days, to return with a review.
Bloatware that I can't uninstall.
Unnecessary unwanted invasive junk
It's a great app so far. I have only used it to transfer movies from my phone to my tablet & it's pretty fast.
Nothing other than great job!!
I hate apps forced on my phone so please enjoy this one star review.
Don't want as don't need or use. Can't uninstall. How do I uninstall?
One of the apps which I didn't have a choice in the matter. I was content with my setup before today's update.
A backdoor app, poor reviews, hard to disable, questionable security and privacy at best
Can't remove it. Notifications are annoying...
Bloatware - no way to uninstall.
Horible , wont leave you alone
How do I uninstall this app for good?
It slowed down my device
Too many permissions. You do not need my contacts, Samsung.
I have no need for ths app, yet, I can't delete it off my phone, I don't want to disable it, but delete it!
Too complicated for non-computer-geek
I have no use for this app and can't remove it.
This should not be installed by default. Needs a lot of permissions. Don't trust it.
Bloat I can't remove with too many permissions.
Stop putting spam on my phone
I dont want this stupid app
I have samsung j700 but I can't connect my samsung tv 48
I do not want this app, and I can't even delete it! You're aware of this already, so what are you doing about it?
Has wreaked havoc on my phone
Je make problems in my phone
Forced app unable to uninstall or disable
Can't uninstall the damn thing
This app allows you to do everything from your phone and hooks right up to the Samsung refrigerator. Luv it!
Privacy breach...access to camera ETC?
It bugs my phone horribly
Wish I could uninstall but when I do, the previous app used to connect no longer works
dont use these so called "smart" datamining devices so let me remove it from my phone please!! :@
BS app.. hard to work with, not easy to connect as stated.. poor instructions specially with Samsung connect
I have no interest in this app and it cannot be uninstalled.
This app requests too many permissions at install time.
I do not want this. I will keep refusing to update until i can uninstall. I do not want to use any of these features.
I have no plans to use this, but I can't remove it
it's an ad virus. see if you can uninstall it
Don't need this app how can I remove it from my phone
What is this? And why does it want access to everything? And why it can't be disabled?
Don't need it. Don't want it. Cannot uninstall. Cannot disable. Get it off MY phone The Brexit of apps.
Damedung you can't even find hue bridge how u can change the future useless any other samsung apk
I do not want it make it so I can uninstall PLEASE!!!!
Where is the "do not want" button? Edit: I don't have and now for sure don't want any smart devices in my house.
b'I wish to execute my GDPR rights and unistall this app, but there is no unistall button? ??'
I have no use for this app. I can't disable or uninstall it SMH
Default on phone, can't even be disabled, have no use for it
Requests too many permission and cannot be deleted.
I have never used app. No use for all the sharing apps.
Completely rendered my entire home automation system useless.
Don't fill my tablet with unwanted rubbish!!!!!
I paid for a phone, not bundled crapware I can't remove or turn off
Worked with my roku TV on my old phone, got the galaxy 9s and it no longer works with it.
I don't have bluetooth stuff, automated anything.
You don't need to access my mic, contacts, media, and camera to control my lights turning on and off.
I wish I could delete this spyware
Honestly, this is great. We got a new tv and I can play games on it! It's so Cool!
It REQUIRES access to a lot of stuff it shouldn't have access to and it can't be disabled.
Stupid waste of storage and completely unneeded.
Quit forcing things on me!!!
Camt delete this. Always want to install updates, tales a lot of space, i will try to force delete this app.
Waste of time and space..period.
doesnt show in apps.con job eh?.up yours too
Only portrait mode is working, missing quick connect panel, doesn't start without contacts and location access
Why does this now need access to the app history and bookmarks. Sounds like they're just data mining. Uninstalled.
Theres no point of this app and I cant delete it off my phone!!!
Dosnt work and my phone get slower. Can't remove
Please give us the option to uninstall this app.
Don't use it and you Samsung folks won't let me remove it. Motorola is looking better every day...
Won't let me get rid of it I don't want it but I can't remove it from my updates list
Stop forcing apps on people.
I don't want to use it but CAN'T disable or delete.
Does not work. Once set up, it won't load. So easy solution was to uninstall and not use it.
Don't need it... don't want it... won't let me get rid of it.
Get off my phone
Get off my phone
It would not connect with any of the Samsung tvs or Blu ray players that we have
Why can't I remove it and why am I forced to update an app that has no benefit for me
A piece of useless bloatware.
It is sneaky and allows people to Gaslight others who share the same areas or spend time in the home
I don't have any devices.. So why is this on my phone and it won't let me disable it!
Didn't install this app, it just appeared amd now i cannot uninstall I didnt authorize this, nor want it.
I want to unistal this app, I never installed it in the first place!
Didn't ask for it and don't want but no way to remove it
Invasive bloat ware.
Can't use it and now with Android update today can't delete. How do I remove it?
Can't get this junk off my phone
I just to uninstall and it won't let me
I can't uninstall it and its asking for too many permissions.
It stinks can't uninstall
What is this? Why do I want it, where are the instructions or guide or table of contents or tips or faqs or basic information on this app??? And what does it do for me?
Didn't ask for it. Don't want it Absolute invasion of my privacy
Why does it keep wanting to update when I've un-installes it
Never downloaded the app but it's magically on my phone
I don't need this but won't let me uninstall it
There's no point of me having this app if I don't use it. I should be able to remove it if I want.
App keeps shutting down.
How can i completely remove it from MY device?
It asks for permission to everything but doesn't need it
I want to delete it, but it won't die.
I don't want this app but it keeps trying to make me download and update it.
HATE, HATE, HATE this app. Can't delete, don't want, can't stop the torment!!!!!!!!!!!!! HATE THIS APP!
Won't let you uninstall and requires too many permissions.
This app sucks. Can't connect my galaxy note 8 with my samsung tv UN55KU6300.
Doesn't work with anything good or useful.
Too many permissions & cannot be disabled... Smh
Did NOT want the app.
I don't use and want to disable it, but I cant
How do I get this off my phone?
I want to uninstall or disable but can't.
Asks for access to way too much on my device. Do. Not. Want.
Why does an app that I didn't install and don't need require so many permissions?
I have absolutely no use for this app!!!!!!!! Have nothing that this app is for!!!!! I want this app off my phone now!!!! Uninstalled it and still there!!!!! Hire someone who knows what they are doing to get it off my phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's my first day having a new samsung 8 series, and the app is ok
I want this app uninstalled on my phone. But it won't let me uninstall it
Told application my Enclave built in Bluetooth headset was my car headset. After that could not use it.
b"Samsung installed on my phone. Can't uninstall. \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f"
Do NOT want. WANT TO UNINSTALL THIS APP.
I don't want it and you can not uninstall it.
It doesn't work
Junk....how do I get rid of it on
I have no use for this app, yet cannot uninstall nor disable.
Bloatware. Need to uninstall
Don't need it. Don't want it. Let us uninstall it please
Bloatware unable to uninstall.
Stop forcing software on people..
Pls update all samsung devices lets proved
No need for this and can not remove the app
Don't require this, won't use it so not going to download it's 60mb of bloatware. Need option to disable urgently.
Why do I need this 28M app? I don't want to monitor or control any device.
Why is there no option to delete? *******Update****** Yes, Chelsea I would like to know how to delete this app?????
Don't want app put on my phone unless I ask about them first ?
Dont use it, dont want to.
How do i delete the app? Can't seem to delete it
Too many permission s and no way to remove it
Don't want it, can't uninstall it. GFY Samsung
This is literally spyware.
Useless and chews battery.
I don't have any use for this and want the option to remove it from my updates!
How do I uninstall this app from my phone?
Can't uninstall or even disable, why is this on my phone? Knobheads......
Can't delete it and asks for way too many permissions.
Very very sneaky app. Cannot uninstall it ever!!
Completely stuffed up my bluetooth connectivity!!
1 star because it can't be removed from samsung.
Garbage, Samsung bloatware.
Garbage. Steals personal information.
Why is this being forced on us?!!!!
Don't use and can't uninstall... no uninstall option automatic failure
No use to me and can't uninstall.
Once I uninstalled this after the update, my bluetooth stuff works again.
It doesn't not connect to my 138cm 7 series NU7100 TV.... At 99% it shows cannot connect!!!
I have no need or use for this. I have no other devices to connect or manage. I can't get rid of it.
Useless waste of internal memory
Please provide an option to disable or remove this bloat app i have no need for.
I used it for so many purpises it is very nice and great thanks for samsung smart electronic co.
All time verification error
Wants to acces my contact list?for what posible reason?#instantuninstall
This is so annoying. Delete this.
mandatory access to location, contacts and storage. why? uninstalled. thank you.
Wants to much of my personal info. No need, as I don't have smart devices, yet.
I'm not updating it because I don't need it. It's something forced on me to have.
I don't want it - but no option to remove it.
I don't want this app. Please let me uninstall it.
It's purely bloatware.
Forced on phone. Can't uninstall. I don't want or need it.
I can't uninstall this. I don't use it. I never will. Sort it out.
Please take this off my phone, I don't need it and did not ask for it
Let me uninstall this app. I don't need it, and don't want it.
Force you to have this in your phone. Cant even disable it.
I want to uninstall this app but can't
This is a virus. Unable to uninstall Beware!!!!!!!!
I don't want this on my phone
I don't use this app and why can't I uninstall it?
Horrible irritating app!
Want it gone, this is my phone not yours
I want to remove and it won't let mr
I don't want this app. Why does Samsung force me to have it?
Horrible app. Not helpful.
Just want to remove it from my device but can't
I have no use for this but can't uninstall.
I want to delete this app to eliminate permission requests.
Forced spy program. Needs delete option.
It doesn't let you uninstall it.
Preinstalled, undeleteable, and useless.
What is this for? I don't need this app. Why can't i delete this app?
Not sure Why it is forcing me to install this app?
There should be an option to disable the app if you don't use it.
why do i have tv remote on my phone? i didnt ask for it nor do i want it!!!
Useless and can't uninstall
Why is the hell this app needs my location and contacts to work? I just need it to control my TV
I like it so far, but I can't figure out how to change the channels?
Too many permitions! Can't try without it! Can't uninstall either!
I like Samsung, but I don't like pre installed software that can't be uninstalled
It sucks please remove from my phone
Please uninstall this app for me it takes up all my storage!
I want it removed from my phone.
I want it uninstalled from my mobile..
All phones should be free if you won't to control them!
It would seem there is no way to uninstall or disable this app.
Doesnt work well
Useless does not work
I don't use it. I don't want it. Why is it in my updates? Why can't I uninstall or disable it? #ihatebloatware
Pointless app that dose nothing
Useless app forced on me
Just does not work
bloatware, not removable
Never wanted it. Bloatware
Not compatible s2 tablet
It keep being a pain
I don't want this on my phone
Never use, can't uninstall.
I want to uninstall this app, can you help ?
It kept shuting down
Required apps are shite.
Get off my phone
Can't disable this intrusive app.
It is distrubing when i working with adds
How do I get rid of yet another app I didn't ask for?
Bloatware with invasive permissions access
I don't like this app because there is no uninstall option.
It sucks and too nosy
Waste of memory space and time
Not an app I would use cant disable nor remove it
b"Something I don't use but can't uninstall, takes up space ??"
Most of my devices don't even show up in this app but they do in SmartThings Classic.
It's not working on my s8+ and won't connect to any device.
I don't want this app and am unable to find where it is on my phone so I can delete it.
Upload this apps to samsung device now complete task setup
I don't need it and never asked to install.
A very useful app but I hope they add something more like keyboard
I love bloatware that requires lieterly every damn android permission
Just more bloatware.
Quit installing apps on people's phones.
No me gusta salen más cosas aplicaciones
Don't want or need this app and can't uninstall it
I didn't want this on my phone and I don't even have the option to remove it
I never downloaded this app but it showed up in my phone and I can't uninstall it and I don't like it.
It can't be uninstalled nor disabled.
b'I hate it because ITS annoying!!!!!!????????????'
This app randomly tried to mirror my screen to a display at the doctor's office. Immediately uninstalled.
I do not want or use this app yet I can't uninstall it from my phone taking up valuable space!!!!
How do I get rid of this app from my phone?! I don't want it.
Didn't ask for it don't want it can't get rid of it. Meets all definitions of a virus.
How to uninstall this garbage?
Too many permissions, uninstalling...
How do I uninstall this app
I want it off my phone
It is very nice . I loved it and I am amazed of Samsung idea . Keep surprising me samsumg
I don't want it on my phone and I can't disable.it.. great..
Have no use for this and can't uninstall
Let me delete this permanently.
How do I get this app of my phone?
How can I uninstall it?!
No option to uninstall whatsoever.
Why can't I disable this app?? I don't use it.
Don't use it don't want it on my phone
I don't need it and can't uninstall.
Any app I can't delete is an app that stinks.
Installed without my permission and not able to uninstall nothing in the app is of any use to me.
Still waiting for this app to have uninstall option.
Yet another bloat, which can never be disabled. Thanks, but NO THANKS...
Please let me disable or uninstall.
b"I don't want this app but can't delete it ??"
Keeps stopping, can't uninstall and won't let me connect to bluetooth
It won't work
Should be an option, not compulsory!
Bloatware that can't be uninstalled
It's piss weak
Bloatware and is useless to me.
I don't want this, I didn't ask and I want it to go away it's taking up valuable space
Asks for unnecessary permissions.
Need to remove app as I do not have use for it
Wish I could disable this from my Samsung Galaxy phone
Why does this need access to the microphone and camera? I don't need it.
Not sure as do not spend a los of time on the app
Not likely to ever use and can't uninstall
Apps that cannot be disabled or uninstalled are not acceptable!
Bloatware and can't uninstall
Too many permissions and I can't uninstall
sucks don't want it can't uninstall
I rejeect and never use apps that cannot be removed.
Never asked to instsll this.
More bloatware from samesung.
bloatware. cant uninstall
Doesnt let me remove it.
How do you remove this app which I never use.
I don't want it, don't need and can't uninstall it
I don't want this app please delete
I've never used it. I don't need it. And I can't delete it.
Give Uninstall option NOW!!
Garbage with more garbage.
Never stays connected.
If I don't need this/ want this let me uninstall.
Tell me how to uninstall please!!!
Don't want this... Needs disable option!
Automatically installed, cant uninstall
I don't want this on my phone. Please let me remove it.
I want to delete this app!
I don't want this app on my phone but I can't uninstall it
Why cant i uninstall? Never ever ever giving permission for contacts
I use this app to add automation to my SmartThings devices and I find it very useful and simple to use.
Don't need it. Don't want it. Can't disable it. It always wants updates.
HOW DO YOU UNINSTALL IT
Came with my phone. Can't uninstall /disable it.
Keeps opening a d closing . I HAVE NEVER USED IT.
How can I disable this app
Can't uninstall this, constantly demanding more permissions. Do not want.
What does this app do any why does it have to be on my tablet?
I want to delete the app. How do I delete it?
Too many permissions...
Not sure why this worthless app is on my phone. It keeps updating and i have never used it.
Thanks for at least making this app deleteable. Didn't need or want it.
There has a Doctrine nudity and you don't want it
Just don't want to give any additional permissions to the app I absolutely do not use.
Why cant this be uninstalled Samsung?
Can't get rid of it, don't want it.
Do not wont this app how do I uninstall it
No way to uninstall. Don't want it.
I can't delete it!!! I don't want it !!!
It never works.
Samsung stop installing products against my will
Can't uninstall it and requires way too much access
Don't have it keeps wanting to update something i dont have
Why should I be forced to update an app I don't use? Why can't I delete an app I don't use?
Won't ever use it and can't get rid of it.
It'll only work if you give access to camera, contacts and microphone.
I Have a Samsung Phone but idont have a Samsung TV but its Smart TV can i connect to it?
I cannot uninstall it
Don't need this app and can't remove
this installed without me knowing
Can't disable or uninstall. No more Samsung for me
I don't those applications that has no use
I have no need of this Samsung bloatware
Don't want it!!! Remove it!!!!
Let me uninstall this!
Why is this app on my tablet? And why does it require so many permissions??
Can't uninstall and requires access to personal data!!!!
I want my storage space back
I can't use it and it won't let me uninstall it!!!!
Want to unistall... is my cellphone it's my option to unistalled NOT SAMSUNG
b"Updated now I can't mirror connect anything ??"
Everyone stop hating its good
Bundled program with access to everything? Seriously?
Samsung is the choice for me
Can't uninstall and it reads my contacts
Don't use. Can't disable. Can't remove. Just takes up space.
No use for this. Need option to uninstall
can't disable it I'm not use it
Why is it on my device? How can I remove it? Thank you.
Still no uninstall button.
can't remove from update list
Please provide uninstallation instructions
requires too many permission
Why does this app need app and web browsing history?
Cannot uninstall or disable.
I don't want this on my phone but can't uninstall.
Don't need or want this! Please let me uninstall!
Dont use app and cant uninstall.
Can't delete... to many permissions
Don't need it, don't want it but it won't let me uninstall it
I don't know what it is....
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb3\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd9\x88 \xd8\xb2\xdb\x8c\xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7 \xd9\xbe\xd8\xb3\xd9\x86\xd8\xaf \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa'
I guess I should look into apple..
Don't add on apps with standard software updates
I can't get rid of it!!! HELP!!!
Can't be removed or disabled
Option to delete or at least disable requested ASAP
Take this app off my phone.
I want to uninstall this app and I can't
Thank god the last Samsung update removed this.
I don't want this and I can't uninstall it!
You force this privacy eating app on us
Forced To Keep Automatic 1 Star
Why the hell can't I get it off my phone never asked for it and can't disable it.
Don't need it and requires too many permissions
Don't want or need this app but can't uninstall.Sort it SAMSUNG.
A hacker put it on my phone and tablet
Shovelware that I can't delete from my tablet
Can't use remote for tv UA55JS8000 model
Not asked for ,can't get rid
More Samsung shovelware you can't uninstall
I love it. Lost my renote 4 my samsung curve and this app works great
How do i remove this from my phone i don't want it
I don't understand why I can't remove or disable this useless app...
It stucks my cell phone when i update it.
i don't want your ads to market your products loading all trashes on our heads
I can't uninstall it or disable it! I don't want the app.
Bloatware. Forced permissions.
I don't like that it is forced on me. I want it uninstalled!!!
Why do I need this app
Please make an unstall button as well
I can't uninstall this worthless app
Allow us to disable this app!
Way to many premissions
I DETEST MAFIA APPS!!!!
Don't need or want. Can't uninstall.
I do not need this app
Go away!
How do I get this off my phone.. its stopping me from doing everything..
Didn't ask for.. don't need.. no option to uninstall
Unasked for, unused, unwanted
Quiero desinstalarla y no se puede.
Didn't ask for it, don't want it.
Update made other apps not load.
Hopeless, useless.
I dont use samsung all products.
Can't delete this App its too intrusive, don't want it on my tablet.
Make it go away!!!!
Please do not force this on me....I don't want it!!
Needs a disable option!
I want to uninstall this from MY phone. LET ME.
I do not want this app. How do I delete it?
I have blue star a.c . I want to in this app.
Already downloaded on phone and can't uninstall it
Do not use this app..it has permissions for nearly everything..cannot uninstall.....
No use to me. I want to totally uninstall.
Do not need. Let me uninstall!
I want to uninstall this app but can't.
Get it off my phone
I want to delete the app and I can't!
Too many permissions
WANT OFF MY PHONE
How do I uninstall this
I want to uninstall and I cannot
Need disable option for this app
Wish I could uninstall
Please let us uninstall it
Don't like access to personal information
It's a remote controller for Samsung devices
Did not download it, do not want it!
b'\xd8\xaa\xd9\x88\xdb\x8c \xda\xa9\xd8\xb4\xd9\x88\xd8\xb1 \xd9\x85\xd8\xa7 \xd8\xac\xd9\x88\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa8 \xd9\x86\xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87'
Didn't ask for it and can't delete it from my phone
All I want is to uninstall this app
I want it off my phone
Can't even uninstall it.
Unnecessary bloatware.
Don't want it can't delete this piece of shh
I want to delete this app!
I do not need this app, how to remove it?
Ok I guess if you have samsung stuff...
I don't need or want this app
Not needed, can't uninstall
Worthless bloatware.
Dont need this app :-)
Please:Delete this app.
Why can't I uninstall this.
I want to uninstall, I didn't ask for it!
Too many permissions
Can't uninstall from my phone
Garbage bloatware.
I don't want it
Get it if you enjoy apps that keep crashing.
How do I get rid of this? I don't need it
Please let me delete this.
Don't like it, don't need it, won't use it, don't want it.
Want it gone don't use it
I don't want it and shouldn't have to keep it....
please allow us to completely uninstall this
I don't need it at all, but cannot remove it from my phone.
Wants too much access.
I didn't want this app
No need for this app. I never update.
Let me uninstall please.
Needs an uninstall option.
Pretty nice for a simplified version of what's on the phone already but I like it.
Samsung only? How limiting an app!
I don't need this junk.
I don't wish to update this one.
don't want it... don't care what it can do... can't uninstall or disable it which sucks...
Awesome but how can I stream YouTube videos onto my tv?
Cannot uninstall!!
Can't uninstall. Never downloaded it. Can't escape it.
Only missing thing is correct smart locks.
b'dog team app how to remove app ? \xec\x8b\x9c\xea\xb8\xb0 \xec\x96\xb4\xeb\x8d\xaf\xea\xb2\x8c \xec\x82\xad\xec\xa0\x9c ?'
Mirror Smartthings Classic and this will be very powerful and clean. Works well with Bixby.
Unable to remove this bloatware
Bunch of spywear!! Delete delete delete!!!
Waste of time and money
Not supporting Mibox
Cannot remove
Crashes all the time
Another samsung BLOATWARE
Does it support samsung j4 phone to view all content in samsung smart tv?
Samsung Made Some Amazing Apps Thanks To Samsung We Can Use Some Cool App From=Samir
Needs to be a way to uninstall!
Force installed blotware app.
Don't need it, Don't want it.
This sucks!
Didn't ask for it to be installed.
I want to deinstall it... why can I not?
Can't uninstall, I don't use it or need it.
I can not use it due to some disturbances about my account lost
Don't want it, don't know what it does, can't delete it, just a waste of my time.
No idea for what it is it just pops up and drains battery and my space is taken
What is this, let me remove it
I don't want it, but can't delete it
Don't want it and can't get rid of it
Can't Uninstall , I Don't Want This
Wish I could uninstall
To much permissions required
Garbage....leaching app
Lousy app.
I want to delete the app
Needs to be removed from my device
Easy to use even for me lol
I have no use for it
I DON'T NEED IT!!!
Leave me the hell alone
Can't be removed. Can't be disabled.
To ues any think
Yep this app is awesome it connects on my tv and my speakers hehehe thanks samsung
Just let me uninstall it
Can't disable or uninstall. Do not need.
Not sing in my phone
Let me uninstall this app
Allow us to remove this junkware
Works every time!
Wont let me uninstall
Why is my location needed? Nope.
It is a bad app
Quit forcing upgrades
Worst app and it is unstable
Can't uninstall.
Didn't ask for it don't want it
Slow dawn the phone
I dont need it
Won't let me uninstall, don't need it.
I hate this bloatware
I don't like this app
It never works
Forced junk ware
Bloatware that can be uninstalled
It dont work
I believe this is spam
Forced upon me
Its great but somdays slow
Not sure but i try.
really handy app to have if u own samsung smartTV.
Not bad not good
It's made managing things a lot easier!
Don't need it, don't want it, can't get rid of it!
I can't delete it. I do not want this.
Can't uninstall... useless, doesn't support my samsung tv/phone
Unwelcome bloatware.
Too intrusive!
Didn't ask for this ,can't get rid
I think therefore I AM
Can't uninstall
Can't delete it. Why do i need it?
This app is not connecting to my tv saying that couldn't download now
Remove this from my phone.
NOT WORKS THIS APP NOT WORKS
Why can't I unstall this....
Carry on!
won't let me uninstall.
How do I uninstall this?
You don't need access to everything. There are better apps that aren't parasitic.
It does what it's supposed to
No uninstall option.
Too hard to remove.
Let me uninstall this
Don't use... won't uninstall
let us delete this
b'I have uninstall this whith root ??????????????'
I can't delete it, don't want it...
too many permissions... can't uninstall
I LOVE using this to interact with all my other Samsung devices
Doesn't scan qr codes.
I never installed it, it installed itself, I finally found where I can get rid of it.
It's Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr8!
I don't want this
Uninstall option immediately
can't delete, bloatware
It's surprisingly easy to use, it works even with the gearvr!
Can't uninstall.
Don't need it or want it
Baglickers licking bags.
Can't sign in on Chrome.
Don't want and can't delete
Nothing is working!!
How do I uninstall?
How do I uninstall??
Well we'll welldone
Don't need and can't uninstall.
Don't work
Can't get rid of it. Can't disable it. Don't want it. Don't need it.
Don't want it can't delete it.
Don't want it. Can't delete it
Can't get rid of it
I don't want it.
No thanks!
how do i uninstall?
Delete!
This and ALL other apps need to have the option to be removed.
How are you
How to remove this app..
Cant uninstall it. Cant disable it.
Can't control TV
Impossible to unistall it!!!!
Worse app
Bloat ware!
Cannot uninstall.
Thanks samsung
I can't uninstall it.
Dont need it.
quits often.
Tons of DATA MINING APPS
don't want this app.
Don't like this app.
Remove permissions!
Can't uninstall
Can't uninstall
Cant uninstall?
Can't uninstall
Can't uninstall
Don't want it, can't remove it.
The features amazes me and makes my life easier
Can not uninstall the thing, don't want on my tablet.
Prefer quick connect was easier to use and had faster access
My Samsung smart TV model ua32n4399 not canect
remove this from my phone
Baba must hai
Makes turning on/off bluetooth very quick and easy.
Its useful I'm enjoying and loving it
Please allow for uninstall
Let me install
How to uninstall this?
Do not want
DO. NOT. WANT. DO. NOT. NEED.
Can't delete
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd9\x86\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xd9\x87 \xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
You guys suck
b'\xd8\xa8\xd8\xae\xd8\xaf\xd8\xa7 \xd8\xae\xd8\xb9\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb1\xd8\xaf\xdb\x8c\xd9\x81\xd9\x87'
What can I say about living in the future. Wonderful app.
It just sucks
I like this app
Battery and process hog
Works some of the time
Its not working
Too much permissions
I kinda like it
It's sucks
No uninstall option
I like this app
How do I get this off my phone???
Have no use for this
Will not uninstall
I want to delete it
Cannot disable
Its not caming
HET H SATRA
I want to uninstall
b'\xe0\xaa\x96\xe0\xab\x82\xe0\xaa\xac \xe0\xaa\x9c \xe0\xaa\xb8\xe0\xab\x81\xe0\xaa\x82\xe0\xaa\xa6\xe0\xaa\xb0'
Plz upgrade to the app
Google play store
I want this removed
Requires to many permissions
How the f..... do i uninstal this sh...t???!
Can't uninstall.
Go away.
Excellent app that makes connecting devices pretty seamless.
Automatically logs me out instantly every time.
people need to learn how to use it, or at least give it a try, good app
Don't need it. Don't want it.
I like being able to connect multiple devices
What? Why? Smartthings "Classic" works fine. Not an improvement.
Really makes all my bluetooth connections easier
HOW TO UNINSTALL???
Duck this app.
Spam!!!!
Why, I have no need for this,and it's way to nosey
I cant connect to my tv it says failed
Just..why? I don't need this! $igh!
Bloatware. Garbage.
Love this app it works great & its easy to use.
Can't uninstall it
You know why.
If I could give 0 stars, I would
Don't want it
All I want for Christmas is to be able to uninstall it!
Not responsive.
Didn't ask for it, keeps giving crash message
Can't uninstall
I didn't ask for this and I cannot get rid of it !
Can't delete it
Unwanted bloatware
Draining battery
It wants to know everything you do. No.
Not interested in this
b'Just uninstalled it ?? 5 STARS FOR THAT.'
Can't delete
How can I delete this app???
Bloatware!
Don't use it
Bloatware!
Can't delete
It doen't connect :/
So smart there's no remove button
I don't want it i hate it so stop
I can't deinstall it...
Very good app on my Samsung S7.
Bloat-ware
Don't like
Cant uninstall
Want to uninstall it
Best app to automate you home and security
Customers are not given the choice of uninstalling this bloatware
Poop - me
I love it because it has music and video
If u aint game you lame
Give it a trial and you will definitely love it
That is good but that is not apprised with me
Intrusive and redundant
Works awesome with my smart tv!
Forced bloatware
samsung bloatware
Useless and annoying
Unnecessary app
I should be able to delete/uninstall this.
How do I uninstall this???
Installed itself. Not needed and not wanted.
I can't delete this resource hog.
Hot garbage
Bloatware!!!
Absolutely unnecessary
It works good
Bloatware!
B L O A T W A R E !!!
Exactly what I didnt ask for.
Bloatware!
Very helpful, thank you much.
Makes life easier while driving.
Simple and very useful. Love it!
Never use it
Bloatware.
Not needed
Allow to uninstall
how do i uninstall it
Want to uninstall
No working
Why can't I delete this bloatware?
Easy user friendly... LOVE THIS APP
Not for most of my things in the home
This app is best for all thi9
Best app used literary for everything
Works perfectly with my smart tv
Want this off my phone immediately
Great app. Never a problem!
Thank you
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87 \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c\xdb\x8c'
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8 \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa'
Not connecting
Unwanted bloatware
Thanks samsung
b'\xd9\x82\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd9\x86\xd8\xaa \xd8\xb9\xd8\xb2\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb2\xd9\x85'
Battery killer
Its ok
Samsung bloatware
Update is must
b'\xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
b'\xd8\xae\xdb\x8c\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87'
Turns on by its self. It's a waist.
cant update
I like it
I like it
I like this
Not useful
Extent tu
Ali raza
Bad app
Only khan
Useless and obnoxious
More bloatware
too intrusive
Why i used it
I think it's great. really I love it.
Go away
Uninstallable bloat
No needs
Hacker app
Invasive permissions
Unnecessary bloatware
All is well
Unable to uninstall
I hate it
Full of errors
B+
Signing in needed
Flight view
stupid app
Thanks for SAMSUNG
Not need
How to delete it
Awsom app
Not needed
I like it
No coments
osm buddy
Jaat saab
this game dodo
Another great app.. very handy
Good one
Would love to be able to delete it.
It is perfect for what I need it for.
It's great
i can't delete this useless app
Can't delete the stupid thing
Great app. Wonderful and easy
The older version was better.
Plz make it able to delete..!
Uninstallable Bloatware
FANTASTIC & Connects every time!
bad app
Waste of space
Battery drain
Just useless
Dont work
HATED IT
Wasted app
Waste of space
Too obtrusive
Useless bloatware
i hate bloatware
Get lost
Disturbing and disturbing
Very bad
Extremely intrusive
Stuck with bloatware
Totally useless
Slow connection
Garbage bloatware
Irritating feature
This is spyware
Worst app
Its great. Great job
b'Brautiful??'
So glad to have Wi-Fi
9/10
Works with every brand flawlessly
Best app ever
Awesome app. Works as expected.
No problems so far
Very Good! 10 star:)
Make it work on all devices
Boltware
It is a good app which is nice
Very nice with samsung tv
You are so good man
Nice to know about health levels
Make it work on every device
Keeps my easier to manage
Very useful app Awesome
Cant uninstall samsungs bloatware
love the quick link up
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c\xd9\x87.'
Bloatware.
Bloatware.
Bloatware.
Bloatware.
Bloatware.
Bloatware.
Bloatware.
Hated it.
WHY CAN'T I UNINSTALL THIS GARBAGE???
Samsung ;)
Okay
Ho
A1
Awsm
It's a beautiful application
user friendly....
That's a good widget
Cant remove bloatware.
Garbage!!!
Great, samsung team
That is very good.
b'Very snart and modern i love it??????'
It's just amazing
Very-Very Good Application
Very useful app.
Simple n Easy
So Amazing App
Very useful for me
b'It will good ??'
It's great!!
Junk.
Nope
Privacy
Bloatware
Ty
Very smart!
b'Great App.! ??'
Very good
Very good app
Super super app
hmmm i think this best
Great piece of work
I really liked it
Good and best app
Compatible and user friendly
I enjoy it daily
I love this application
This is the one i love
Very cool app
Very nice app
Its good app
Will it work on nuv80000
This is an good app
Goods...
so far so good..
Yup, it's cool
b'Best app ever ??????????'
V v v vv good
Plops
Bloatware
Illegal
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Na
b'\xd8\xb3\xd9\xbe\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3'
No
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c'
Okok
Thanks
Gh
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8\xd9\x87'
Aneverythang
bloat
Super
Bloat
Awoesme
Buggy
Bye
Ok
Samiullah
YES
DEELAM
Wow
Whar
Hi
Sucks
wow
Mi
Ya
Thanks
Ooooyehaaa
Once
Ju
Sucks
Thanks
Super
Yes
gvi
Banana
Bloat
Yea
Poop
Disable
Hi
Thanx
Gud
No
N.A.
b'\xd9\x88\xd8\xa7\xd9\x88\xd9\x88\xd9\x88\xd9\x88\xd9\x88\xd9\x88\xd9\x88\xd9\x88\xd9\x88'
Ilovesamsung
Aung
Thanks
bakvas
Grrest
Belli
Ok
Super
Hello
Badhiya
Wast
Osm
These
Yooooo
Ok
Love watching.
b'Great App????'
Its amazing.
Very useful
It's superb
Excellent!
b'Good app ??'
Unneeded
Bloatware
Bloatware
Bloatware
Bloatware
Bloatware
junk
Bad
Bloatware
It's great
Horrible
Bloatware
Very nice.
Pointless
bad
Bloatware
Pointless
Bloatware
It's good
It's nice
Is great
V good
Nice one
Good L
Its good
b"Why can't I remove it??????? ??"
Nice app.
It's good
b'??'
b'??????'
b'??????'
b'??????'
Awesome!
It's really good....
Wow....
Fantastic!
. ....
b'????'
Bloatware
Bloatware
Bad
Stupid
Trash
Hate it
Garbage
Bloatware
Ugh
Sux
Bloatware
Awesome
b'??'
b'Great ??'
Its good
I love it
Nice app
Great app
Good app
Good app
Definitely an app
Very nice
Very good
Great app
Very goooood
Better than
Good app
Excellent apps
Is amazing
Its nice
Great app
Its nice
Great app
Good app
nice app
Legendary app
Good app
Great post
Is the best
nice app
Good appli
The best
Best think
Smart app
Nice app
Nice one
Very useful
I love it
Love this app
Its useful
Works great
Very nice
Its good
Great app
Immediately update
Hella nice
Love the app
Nice Apps
Very nice
Superb app
Irritating
Bloatware
Stupid
Bloatware
Bloatware
Annoying
Useless
Useless
Hate it
Rubbish
Spyware
Bloatware
Hacked
Crashes
Awful
Bloatware
scam
Bloatware
Bloatware
Hate
Junk
Bloatware
Hated
Trash
HORRID
Bloatware
bloatware
Hacked
Bloatware
Junk
Unwanted
Bad
Useless
Useless
Bad
Bad
Bloatware
Junk
Awful
Useless
Spam
F...b
Great
Cool
Nice
Good
Nice
Good
Nice
Brilliant
Good
Good .
Good
b'????????'
Superb..
Excellent....
b'????'
b'????'
Good
Good
Love it
Nice
Cool
Good
Wonderfull
Awesome
Nice
Excellent
Great
excellence
Nice
Good
Happy with it
great
Awesome
Good
Awesome
good
Good
Loved it
good
Wonderful
Good
great
Nice
Nice
Good
Awsome
Good
Cool
Amazing
Good
Satisfactory
Good
Nice
Cool
Good
Nice
Nice
Brilliant
Good
Good
Nice
Good
great
Nice
good
Great
Nice
Nice
Nice
Top
Awesome
Happy
Love it
Good
nice
Good
Good
Love it
Good
Good
Great
Good
Good
Great
LOVE it
Good
Nice
Cool
Great
Exellent
Good
Excelent
Good
Cool
Good