Even with Tiles specifically designed to be placed in a wallet (TileSlim) they still send the phone ringing. Which is a definite safety concern since it happens only while driving. Maybe adding the ability to disable ringing the phone via the Tile would be useful. But since that feature doesn't exist. I just download the app when I need it and get rid of it asap.
Just got this today and have been testing the features. When I do the double press to find my phone, the tile rings instead of the phone. I looked online and can't make my phone ring from the website either, I can only look at an approximate map. I checked all my settings, bluetooth on, gps on, app running, everything in range. Still no dice. I clicked on Technical Support and was asked to create a new login, despite already having created a Tile account, but you need both apparently. Created a new account and couldn't find the information I was looking for. Eventually filled out a form to contact Customer Care, clicked submit to be taken to an error page that said "Access Denied" and "You don't have permission to view this page." I hate writing negative reviews and would rather have settled this directly with the company but I'm left with no other way to contact them. Tile is going in the junk drawer with the rest of my tat until I get some support.
This is my second Tile. The first one let's be honest, was awful and probably still at the "beta" stage. I gave it 1 star. I thought I'd give it one more go and this time they seem to have got it right!! Very pleased now!!
Was sent a Tile Mate from O2 as a free gift. Boy, am I glad I didn't pay for it!! The fob itself is a little chunky, but that's no real problem for keys, but could be an issue for wallets etc. The app installed easily, and the setup was smooth. The problems came after this. The Tile immediately disconnected from the phone, and could no longer be found. Constant "last seen X minutes ago". No way to "buzz" the tile to make it ring. Double-click on the tile failed to make the phone ring. All my other Bluetooth connections from the phone were working find (watch, other phones / tablets, satnav, car) so it isn't an issue with the phone Bluetooth. Disappointing, as I've been looking to buy a set of these for a while, but this experience has definitely put me off this brand.
Did not work with my Samsung phone that is only 2 yrs old. Contacted help.. was advised to upgrade operating system.. Checked... the phone is up to date... be careful when purchasing that your mobike device meets required operating system.
Limited functionality, insufficient users to make croud find viable. Dirty market plan. Entire system needs work. Great idea, failed execution.
This is great to have. I am a woman who misplaces her keys all the time. I do not stress it anymore, I just ring my tile and my keys are found and everybody is happy.
App is not working properly.It is always asking location access. Even after providing the location access it still asks for permission and does not proceed
I've used my tile for roughly a day and it constantly gives the wrong location as to where it is...even when I've brought it home and my phones on Wi-Fi it still can't update and find it on my drive. Doesn't do what it advertisers *UPDATE * 3 days of usage and the Tile constantly gives a location which is a previous one, this is helpful if I want to know where it was not where it is!
Last update fixed the issue my wife and I were having with these for our Samsung Note 8 phones. Works pretty well now.
The app is fine the one feature I want to see is a battery level indicator in the app. Especially useful for the Keysmart Pro. Is this ever going to appear?
The connection of the tiles to my phone is piss poor. Can't get tiles that are in my hand to connect to the app when really needed. This needs to be fixed.
The most useless device i have ever had i got it for free ans im considering giving it back!
I would give it 4 stars if you could move it to sd
Great app but sometimes it takes a while to reset what street I'm on
I love the tile app, so easy to use and so helpful
It has worked great for my family.
Great app and product would definitely recommend
Best invention ever! Recommend to everyone!!
Great time saver!
Really nice for the money.
Love it!
Amazing!
Great gadget
Tile is LIT
Good app
Great
Good
Well it USED to work, but in the last month or two the success rate has been poor to be kind. I am sitting right next to my wallet, non RFID and it won't work. I cannot find my keys however. I guess if you buy this product, but a backup wallet and a second set of keys, you'll probably need them.
It works fine when it's logged in, but every few days it asks me to log in again, at which point it will stop tracking my stuff until I do. If I don't constantly check the app to see if this has happened, I won't know where my phone last heard from my stuff when I lose things.
The app is great, however you guy removed the higher volume to hear the tile. I took me an hour to find my keys because it was buried on the couch making the sound. Once you guys fixed that, then I'll change to a 5.
Everything works fine. I'm just questioning how useful it actually is aside from loosing something under the couch cushion. As a test, my co worker took my wallet and put it in a random aisle, behind a random object when I wasn't looking. I turned the app on, pressed find my wallet and it brought up the map. On the map it showed my wallet was located somewhere in the radius of a block, my whole store basically. I pressed the button to make it ring and walked down a few aisles, nothing. My co worker ended up having to show me where he out it, and I could barely hear the noise from within my wallet in a loud situation like that. How am I supposed to find anything with that vague of locator?
Got really let down. I have recommended Tile many times and even given them as gifts. However last week my bicycle got stolen and Tile app has not been found it yet. It brings me down knowing both a Tile and an awesome bike will never be found. =,(
Absolutely awesome keyfinder. Only wish that there was a way to disable double tap to find phone on some tiles that dangle around alot and trigger false positives. Maybe even a way to change pattern to trigger phone finder.
This app saved our behind. We lost our keys in a 5 acre plot of unmowed grass in the middle of the night, walking the dogs in a closed park. We walked around for an hour when finally our phones went off. It was the sweetest sound heading the alarm go off. Thank you Tile!
This product has about a 10% success rate. Whenever I try to "find" my devices from my phone, or double click the logo from one of my Tiles to "find" my phone, nothing happens. If I try to "find" the tiles from my phone literally nothing happens. If I double click the logo on my tile, it makes a beeping sound like it is recognizes the "clicks" being performed, but it doesn't register with my phone. My phone is on bluetooth 24/7. My phone and keys will literally be less than 10 feet apart and the tile is unable to perform this very simple action. The Tile Finder has worked about 5 times out of the 100 or so times I have tried to locate either my Tile or my Phone.
Great app and the Tiles work great. Only request is to add an option to alert when specific Tiles are not on you(such as my wallet or daily keys) when you're walking away from them to prevent forgetting them. Also, I've 2 phones and they're both connected to my Tile so I wish I could change the tracker ring on the phones the way you can do it on the Tiles
Great products. Wish they were water resistant. The wallet tile could be a little louder...hope it's not going to break due to bending. Love the security of knowing my important stuff is NOT LOST
I don't know if it's the app or the implementation with the hardware. It'd probably be fine if it worked. I have 4 tiles and all of them display the same issues on a Moto Turbo. The tiles connect but the 'green' is intermittent and you never get a chance to ring it. That said, the position reporting is pretty close. But remember its cone of influence is about 200 feet or more. It doesn't tell you how close you are or the direction to go. And IF I could ring it, that might help. But it doesn't give me that option although the instructions say it should. Also, the tile does not ring back to the phone if the button is depressed. So what do I have here? Bad hardware, app, phone, ? Do I have dead batteries in these things?
I love the tiles with the app, my only problem I have with them is my wallet tile I cant keep my wallet in my pocket because it constantly goes off when I sit down. I hope this issue is resolved in future releases.
Love the Tile so far. I have one on my cat and one hidden in my car. It's a lot more accurate than the expensive subscription services I had used before. Highly recommend this!
One year battery life! Something to note before you actually buy one! The app is ok, sometimes not responsive to touch/clicks on buttons etc. Update; down to 1 star. Interferes with Bluetooth headphones and speakers! Audio jitters as it were buffering and makes it impossible to listen to music. (Pretty certain this review was edited by someone other than me! Took out the bit about one year battery!) UPDATE@4oct2018: Battery changed in device but app still shows the tile is flat. Works perfectly after battery change... Well, it works as good as it did before, which is intermittent and inaccurately. Change your battery at your own risk but its cheaper than a re-tile. Buying online is also often cheaper than re-tile!
The ringtones are too quiet, can't hear them unless you're pretty close to the item you're trying to find- kinda pointless really. Shame, it's a good idea.
Tiles have saved me so much time locating lost items and warned me of lost items before I even know I dropped them. Life long customer here!
Pixel 2 XL When it's working, I LOVE my Tile. But I've had to uninstall the app, and reiinstall the app twice since July (it's now October) because it keeps losing the connection to my tile.. So my tile has power, but they won't talk to one another at all. Dunno WHAT is going on, but it's achieving annoying as heck status. My phone isn't an old beater, so I'm inclined to think there is something happening on the Tile side that is breaking the connections.
I lose my wallet, cellphone(always dead) keys and the tv remote almost every day. I have been looking for something for decades but anything I found was too expensive and just didn't fit the application. I went to see an old friend who has just beat cancer and he turned me on to TILE. That's been about 4mt ago and I have lost my wallet twice, key third time last night, and on top of that i lost my phone an the same time yesterday. Since the cellphone had no tile and was dead, i didn't know what to do until I went online with my laptop and even though I had never installed TILE on the LT, I signed in and it let me know that it was in the house. Just knowing I hadn't left it somewhere eased my mind and I found it within 5min tho I had been looking off and on all day, wouldn't take anything for this great product that actually does what it says. Thanks for your great and affordable product. The guy that badmouthed the thing is just someone who doesn't know how to use it, or he's wanting it to do something it can't , and wasn't built to do
Perfect App for Phone, Keychain, iPad, and anything really! Even when your phone is on silent. Also able to geo-locate your phone, etc. if it is lost! Can share the free app with friends & family who don't have their own Tile to help them find your phone (with your permission.)
The app no longer works to find your phone by double pressing the tile button unless the app is actively running. If the app is closed and just running in the background, it will not work
Takes a while to connect to Bluetooth. Seems to not always update location.. but Fairley reliable and useful. I have 4 tiles as I misplace things all the time
Tile is useless and a waste of money. You can't track a tile more then 100 feet. I have a tile attached to a item and even after a week it says that it's at a location more than 100 miles from the actual location. Completely useless.
Keys were stolen. Tile cant pinpoint where. I can't drive my car. Cant even get to call customer care cause there is no number. I have no computer. These people could steal my car!!! I need someone to help me. Ive tried everything and still the tile is out of range. Who just takes peoples keys and pockets them SMDH. I'm sooo pissed
I love my tiles. I know they will save me time and aggravation as we as money.
b'I \xe2\x9d\xa4 tile Now when I lose my Keys I find them in seconds when it use to take me hours before... Thanks'
I really wish that they would have it to be set up to where you would have a persistent notification so I can keep the app open even if the app is closed in the background so if it you try to find your phone via the tile it will actually ring cuz my problem is is that I don't like to keep the app actually open itself but I like to be able use the tile to find my phone.
Should have told me this doesnt work on Android before I bought them all. Now it says wait until 6.0.0.1 version. Should I expect a credit for the purchases? Time is lost on the battery and I really needed the service.
This app doesnt do what its supposed to do. It doesnt ring or make any noise when you press the tile button. Incredibly infurating since it costs a good amount.
Lost my wallet. Showed last place seen. Never would have looked there otherwise. Found it. Crisis averted.
It does NOT explain steps to activate. This angers me. It needs to activate my damned tile. Not jump from one tangent to another
I always thought I would invent this device. I am sure we have all wished we could call our keys or wallet at some point in their life. Extremely helpful, inexpensive, and a truly great product.
It took me a while to write a review because I was such a huge advocate for tracking devices for keys, phone, and wallet, I even have one on my bike, but I've had a few of these devices for over almost 2 years now and I've lost several items with NO recovery. I live less than half a mile to my job and I leave things at work a lot. If I leave anything at work I have to wait until I get back to work to check if I left anything, if I drop anything along the way, I'm screwed, (can't find it even if I'm looking at it) Seems really stupid to pay so much for a system that doesn't work. The only benefit to having these tiles is when your rushing out the house and need to find your phone or keys quickly. But if you lose anything important outside your home like your keys or wallet, you're basically screwed. (I've lost and replaced 3 wallets including credit cards and IDs within the 2 years that I've owned tiles) which in my opinion is a waste of money and time and headache. My advice is to find another system that actually works outside of a few feet proximity. And the "help center" portion of the app is useless. The response are pretty sarcastic to be honest and not at all helpful.
sometimes cant find my phone / wallat. also, please make this compatible with wear os and chrome os
Haven't lost my wallet or my keys since I got this thing, no more scrambling in the morning
Stopped working on my OnePlus 6 when I upgraded to Android P. It won't connect to 6 month old tiles.
Application cannot pick up tiles using Android 9 pie. Other device that's on Oreo still works. In the Bluetooth menu, it can discover the tiles I use, so there's something missing that the application cannot detect properly
Bluetooth connectivity issues. Customer service via chat is unfortunately a joke.
Phone location app doesn't work. Tile location rarely works. Glad it was a gift and I didn't pay for it.
App and/or tile doesn't always work. Battery life is less than indicated and cannot be replaced. Consider alternative devices.
Why someone wouldn't own this, I will never understand!?
Wish you coul trackrealtime or route and time taken and stopped
Needs improvements to be a 5 star app. I'm going to try the pro tiles. The other cheaper tiles seam to be to quiet for me. I hope the range of the pro will also help.
Not working with battery saving GPS location mode.
After many failed attempts it would not show my tile !!!! Inconsistent!!! Super frustrated
It's very nice but I wish the sound was more like the loudness of a household fire alarm and maybe add a flashing light.
Extremely reliable. Every time I open this app it quickly locates my tiles, and I've never seen it disconnected from a tile while it was in range.
Incredibly simple to set up and use. My only critique is that the sound should play from both sides of the tile. The sound is too low when the speaker is down.
It works fine as advertised, just it will not let me find it without clicking the button first, defeating the purpose.
Love Tile! My trusty quadcopter would have disappeared by now without it.
Can't find S9 with Tile on the squares (tap squares and you get non connection sound even if it is next to it).
This is an amazing and incredibly cost effective product for a little piece of mind. Customer service is awesome and adding new tiles is simple.
It just doesn't work consistently enough to be reliable. Avoid this product.
Instructions are horrible for set up and use
Keysmart cannot locate phone when app is closed. Note 9.
In first week have already used to find phone and then wallet.
It does not work
Doesn't always work
Finds my keys instead of walking around for hours
Helps me every day cuz i loose my keys on the daily...
Works extremely well. Impressive even. I've since used it many times with great success.
Now I can find my keys
Estoy contento con mi tile gracias
Love that I can now find my keys and phone! love love love love this product and that its waterproof!
Too new to make any comments.
Great app help me find my things
Good app wish it had better range but overall pretty decent
Love this app it's for my tile key and phone finder with GPS
It works!
Still trying to use.
I wish it didn't drain my phone batteries though
Best app and product ever for finding your phone or keys!!
Battery usage warning
Does what it supposed to do
Love the app wish the tiles were louder.
Great app. It works very well
It makes my stuff easier to find
Only have it for 1wk..so far so good
Good app with some rooms for improvement
Very helpful and useful I love it
Tile works great for my use
Thank you
does what it says
Works as expected
So far so good !!
Easy to use and easy to install.
The Tile works great!
It is useful fast and cheap
A life saver!
Great effort, thanks.
Cool (short & sweet) !
Freakin' awesome!
works great live it
Very helpful for me
Wish the GPS was better
Absolutely great
Great app
Life changer
Very nice
Super handy
need to have
it's awesome
Great, works as mentioned on the details. They should add a feature in the tile to notify the phone or ring if it is not in range or near to it. My kid is pushing the button several times when we are more than 200 ft away and I didnt receive any notification on my phone.
The tile has helped me several times when looking for my keys. But it seems to not work when looking fit my phone. It will work 1 out of 5 times. The app I'm not too fond of either because I don't think it does a good job explaining what everything on the app can do.
Waste of money.i have four tiles and used them all over. Even in my city. Tiles have hard time connecting to anything if they are hidden. Sometimes won't even be found even when you are right next to them. Would love to get my money back. If you want a true location device don't by this. Go with GPS.
The app is the downside of Tiles. Often the dashboard screen won't update, but when you click on a tile it is updated. I've had to close the app, reopen, wait for it to contact the tiles again before the dashboard refreshes. Also, lay off the battery warnings, you dismiss them and defer the and they just keep trying to get you to buy replacement Tiles.
The app worked great in the beginning. Now it barely works, I have to constantly reset my phone and/or Reset the bluetooth. The company did resend me some new tiles but it did not fox the issue. I have been receiving text support for nearly 2 months with the same automated massages on trouble shooting the issue. I lost my phone today and the tiles did not work in locating my device.The app was open at the time I lost my phone. I have to reset and reboot my phone and the bluetooth everytime in order for this product to semi function. Of course you can not reset your phone or the bluetooth to get the tiles to work in finding your phone if you have lost your phone. The product is no good.
Not sure wth is going on but after the last few updates my Tile Mate stopped working and after this update my tile sport won't connect at all to my phone or the app. It pops up in the Bluetooth settings and shows it's trying to connect but doesn't.
Currently 1* but will review. Using android auto in car on android 7 phone. Drops calls after a few minutes and screws up Bluetooth menu. Only solution so far is to turn phone off then on. I will review again in a day or so re reoccurrence
The app and function work great! But, the battery drain just isn't worth it. I have an S8 Active (massive battery) and went from having an all-day battery to having to charge once or twice mid-way through the day. I disabled the background feature, but you still have to manually kill the app to rid the battery drain, and that only works sometimes. Also, it used a GB of mobile data in the background. I thought this thing was Bluetooth driven? Had to disable its background mobile data from the system options.
They hardly ever work. Over the year I had them and paired with four different Android phones and there was no difference. Usually they can't locate the tiles that are right in front of the phone. Every time you actually need it, all you get offered is a notification once they are found. And that's right in the same apartment, not some distant location. These are a waste of money. The older model I had before worked 50% better.
I was given a few of these as a gift. After looking into them, I realized that they are not a novelty gimmick. They are wonderful. I now have one in my work briefcase, one in the body work of my motorcycle, and plan to get more. The briefcase tends to be the car, so that's a two for one. It's mostly been used as a phone finding tool, but since I live in the 3rd highest auto theft city in the country (depending on which year's data...) it adds real peace of mind to know that I can find something stolen or misplaced easily, and that I don't need to pay constant fees for the ability. It seems to be accurate to about 20-30 feet and my phone will find the device a bit further off than that. As a plus, it gives you location of each phone, so I know where all my old phones were last turned on.
CANNOT HEAR TILES! Just paired 3 tile to my Samsung note 8 with android 8. I got these nov 2017 for gifts but never gave it. Now glad i didnt give as gifts. Especially since cannot replace battery & have to replace. Likely a 2025 or 2032 battery. Tile in my wallet I cannot hear it unless within 1-2 feet useless. Two keys tile. Not much louder.
The GPS function is terrible, could not help me find mg car or anything more than 500 feet away. The GPS should be able to pinpoint my tile rather than a massive radius of where it hasn't even been. Please fix this as soon as possible.
Tile wants to nickel and dime customers. Must pay for new tiles each year instead of being able to change the battery. Must pay extra for premium service. And if you delete your accounts and are done with tile they will still use your phone as part of their network for others to find their tiles through.
The App is based on an innovative idea but the implementation was disappointing. The weather proof tile did not stand up to being outside. I had a second shipped by the company and likewise stopped working within day of exposure. Besides physical issues the Tile can only be detected and report location via other devices. It cannot share location on it's own. Great idea just felt like it was the technology wasn't there yet.
I cannot believe that this tile does not allow me to change the battery. I do not want to have to keep replacing the tile! Would not have bought this product if I knew it wouldn't work eventually
Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S8 and works great with my wife's Iphone 8. Would hate to do without our tiles now that were used to them!
I like the concept, but the app causes bluetooth audio dropouts on my device. I had to disable the app from running in the background. That may affect how useful it is.
No matter how inexpensive, a false sense of security is a bad deal. I only had reason to try to use the Tile location feature a handful of times. In every case. Every. Case, something had gone wrong with the pairing and it didn't work.
Do not recommend. When I originally bought the Tile, it was the most useful app on my phone. Unfortunately, Tile has updated since then, causing the app only to be able to locate my keys when they are inches away. Cheaper versions exist that works way better.
Tile doesn't ring, what's the point. No customer service reply to email. Website says live chat option but just directs you to faq runaround. I was really hopeful this would be helpful but disappointed in product and customer service unfortunately
It's a good app, and good idea for a product, but I am not at all convinced that tiles aren't an example of planned obsolescence. If I lose something I want to know if that the tile is going to work when I try and find it
The application regularly does not work. When you actually need to use it it closes on you as soon as you try to search for it. Wish I could get my money back I would not recommend this product
Works great as advertised. But lacks the function to notify you once it is out of range. Say Im having it on my bag at the airport, if the bag is suddenly out of range I want to know about it!! Or if I put it o. A pet, if it goes out of range, say garden, I want again to be notified. This is a major gap on current offering model which should be an easy software fix? Would be great with feedback from developer :)
It's really good for the home uses but problem is only, this device using the GPS connectivity from the mobile phone which causes the battery drain.. Even another drawback is when device are away then we can't track the live location as this device don't have GPS chips installed and only show the last location of the device. If someone stolen your device then you can't find it.. Is there any ways to track the device if someone has stolen this through GPS or device ID?
Awesome app, have been using these tiles for the last two years! Question what happen to the localion history of your tiles?
It has helped me find all of my things. Auto reminder of battery replacement is a good feature
I bought the tile for a set of keys and now if I want to use it I have to buy a different prepay plan that includes data as the tile is completely useless without your phone being constantly monitored by the tile company that for some reason cannot connect to a Bluetooth device 5 feet away without a 3g connection and accurate GPS
This service was such BS. Didn't work without service even if I was less then a foot away and now I have to buy a new one to replace the battery. I will never use this product again.
How do I access the community for help..? It shows me how many tile members are in my area but I am unable to access any kind of community help option from this app
Don't buy Tile!! The batteries run out and are not replaceable, and then you have to buy Another Tile. This is a racket and you will lose money buying Tiles and replacing Tiles endlessly. Tile's support stinks and they are unresponsive. If you install this app, you're making a mistake. Return your Tile, and remove the App!!
The Tile product as a whole is useless. I received two of them for XMas. One died in 6 months, the other in 7. I received zero notification that the tiles were dying or dead, but tons of spam notification that I helped someone find a tile. The app sucks because it lacks useful notifications and doesn't allow effective troubleshooting for their support. Stay away from Tile.
I loose my wallet several ti.e one say I lost it and it was at the gas station still on the ground after 2mins the TILE FOUND MY WALLET also track it as quick or less than a minute thank you TILE
I bought a pack of four tiles but only activated three, not sure if it was the app or the products, one link to my wife's phone have to reboot phone occasionally. the other two linked to my phone, once I changed to new phone with Android 8.0 it keep telling to turn on location and I did, several times checked, reboot. removed reinstalled the app doesn't work still. Since so many negative review, again, not sure if I want to buy another tile.
Great for finding your keys, wallet, or whatever else you need to keep track of! Highly recommended. Get yourself a tile now, or you'll wish you did the first time you lose your wallet on a bus or something.
Does not work on Android 8.0 I use Samsung S7.
It doesn't work with Nokia 8 Sirocco. I cannot find my tiles using this phone.
Nice app. I use it to scare my cat.
Tile is the best even when you lose your phone you find it right then in there but some advice listen closely all way's keep your location on.
Rubbish a waste of money . I've emailed customer support and heard nothing.
The tiles only find when nearby. Pointless
Must have saved me hours over the past year
Can't always figure it out. I typically find my stuff before my Tile does. Even if in same room, it takes a while to find anything.
It's very nice and does what it's supposed to, most of the time. It seems like it can be locked into a reconnection state when another Bluetooth device is or was connected.
App will not connect to phone unless your location settings are enabled when this device is a Bluetooth based device it is a complete scam requirement for the data and location to be on this is used for collecting the metadata of users and selling this data bound to the email address you are forced to sign In with to use a Bluetooth application. Complete and utter scam as it does not work with the tile in one hand and the keys in the other if you do not have a cellular connection do not be fooled into using this product edit /reply to tile auto bs I have described my problem my problem is the tile is falsely advertised as a Bluetooth device when it becomes completely useless without cellular data and your knowledge of my current location the tile should be detected by Bluetooth when it is within range not just when the phone and tile are in connection on the map it's ridiculous and a complete scam the tile becomes undiscoverable if your data is not connected of it you turn off you location which tells me the sale of my meta data is the only true use for the tile app having a location setting
Bought new sport tiles a few months ago. They worked for a while. Now not at all. Contacted customer care. They never got back to me
Saved me from being late twice this week
We love our tile! We have it on our cat's collar so we can find him when he decides to roam.
Best money ever spent. No more stressful searches. One of the best things that has ever happened in my life.
It changed my life now I save so much time looking for my keys and phone
On the couple of occasions I have needed my tile to and help find my wallet, it's worked. Definitely recommend.
Can't change the ringtone on any of my brand new tiles. Using an LG G6 on 8.0 if that helps.
b'I love the whole concept. Using it for my dog and training her to come when it rings ??????'
It lost my tiles that were saved when I needed to reset my phone
It sucks terrible company
I use the sport tile to keep track of my cat while he is outside. Love the tile and the app.
I can't get it through to make my phone ring
Great app. Helped me find my phone the very first day!
Loved these things easier to use it makes my day
Won't install on Note 9
Great product for people who lose their belongings over and over like me.
Easy and work as it should.
Awesome product. Does everything it's supposed to do!
Worth every single penny. Life saver!
Would love to see a widget for quicker access
No more lost items thanks tile
Exactly as expected and I love it.
Helps alot
Works great a, life savor
Great app n device
Really great product
Love this gift.
Awesome!
Loved app
It the best
Awesome
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Amazing
Recently bought a tile and it's okay but I can't give it five stars. I'd love to see an update where the app would send you a dismissable notification that you've gone out of range of your tile. I think that would prevent people from really losing their belongings in the first place (I know it would greatly help me). If that ever happened it would really take this app to a new level.
I have tried a number of different Bluetooth trackers, and Tile seems to work better than anything else that I have tried. I got a four pack of trackers, and two of the four would not pair. They acted like they had already been paired. I emailed tech support, fully perpaired to be ingnored, but no much to my surprise I received two replacement Tiles, which worked perfectly. Thanks Tile.
I had tile years ago (2015 or 2016), it used to work great. I recently bought a package of 4. It works sometimes, doesnt work on others. There's a 50-50 chance it doesnt work at any time.
Just this Android version sucks. It can't find a single tile in the same room with it. Always failure to connect. No problem with ipod
Wasn't sure about the app when I bought it but it turned out to be amazing! I was constantly losing either my keys, wallet or phone...not any more. Does drain the battery but for me it is still worth it.
Not letting me sign up or log in, even through facebook. Please fix so I can actually use my tiles.
Does not work. At all. Tile will not activate. Customer service is just automated repeat of the instructions that don't work. Getting an automated runaround trying to return the product. Terrible company.
Always loses connection, takes days to update location of tiles. On 2nd year using product, will not purchase again.
Had a Cube which had a separation alarm. Miss that but heard there is a beta "smart alert" feature that does this. Would be nice to have.
b'Love this. I never loose my keys tv remote or cable remote\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4'
Absolute trash
My wallet was stolen but had a Tile in it. How do I access the Community for help? There isn't any way to do so in the software version I have on my Android phone and when I try to download the version that is on the website it says it's already installed even tho' the software I have in from Feb. 2018 and the version here says it was updated in August. Also I can't hear most of the songs for the Tile - too high decibel as I have about a 60% hearing loss. Is there any way to increase the volume on the Tile?
Just bought this, how does it not work? Every time I try to locate either my keys or my phone, nothing rings. The only times Tile functions is when I open the app and test them out. Otherwise, nothing. This has actually trained me to keep better track of my belongings and I now place my phone next to my bedside. I will NOT be buying another Tile product.
Please make an option available to notify when a tile is disconnected. So that the user would know when its belongings are missing. I use a tile to track my wallet and i often leave my house forgetting my wallet. I want my phone to tell me that my tile lost connectivity. I know that the app allows me to track where a tile was last "seen" when disconnected. But, I think it would be better to prevent losing or forgetting when there is a notification.
This is my 3rd year with Tile (two annual repurchase cycles). I will not be repurchasing again. The function to play a tone through the Tiles has worked zero times in the last year. The first year the function worked more times than not, the second year wasn't great and with this most recent year it has worked zero times. My Bluetooth is on at all times and the app is installed. It will say my Tile is nearby but is unable to connect and ring the tile even if the Tile is right next to the phone. The Tiles also fail to ring my phone. The 2 stars is because the app does work to find your phone. But the Tiles themselves may be useless.
So I got Tiles believing that they would help me "never lose anything again." I tried to set them up so that if I left my thumb drive in a public computer, I would get a notification on my phone before leaving. Well my tiles are capable of that but it's a paid feature. My complaint is that the tiles and app are only useful if I do, in fact, lose stuff---hoping that I might find them before they've been stolen, etc. If they truly help one "never lose anything" as they tout, then this teather feature is a must, preventing me from losing things in the first place. Maybe their slogan should be, "you lose things, we help you find them (if it's not too late) unless you upgrade to premium, in which case you're never lose anything again."
Use it all the time to find my wallet keys and phone. If it had built in GPS if give it 6 stars. I just found out that tiles use other people's tile app to find stuff out of range for you. I lost my keys at Lowes and realized when I got home after someone else with a tile app walked by that's pretty amazing
I really wanted to like this product but unfortunately I do not for the most part connecting is the only thing I get. Turn on and off my phone the same thing delete and reinstall still the same. So for me this is a useless product.
This tool was recommended by a friend, and it has already saved me twice in just two weeks. So easy to install and use. Yes, I probably would have found the lost items eventually, but this saves tons of time (and, in my case, worry)!
My only issue is that it seems to have a hard time finding my phone at times. I'm playing around with my phone a lot to make sure the tile is always running in the background, and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. The alternative of using my laptop to find my phone works a little more consistently.
It seems OK to find things in the house, but the GPS tracking is spotty at best. It seems the only time the location is correct is after I play with them a bit. In real missing senero it never seems correct. Having to replace them yearly wasn't so clear when purchased. Not being able to use power saving on my android is a pain. Then for them to report the wrong location while burning through my battery is worse..
This app has been a piece of junk lately. It's pretty much useless. It just says connecting to tile and never actually connects so I can never find anything.
The app and the product are both useless. The app struggles to find the tile, even in close proximity and almost never manages to "ring" the tile. I have the "pro" tiles. I would hate to know what the normal ones are like... Save your money. Don't bother with it
The Tiles to big! Make it thinner like sticker so I can sick it on my phone, on the out side of my wallet, it's like a brick needs to be more Accessible and doesn't take any too much space
I'm sorry I bought this and not a different product. Every time I check the app it doesn't know where my keys are even though I've always got Bluetooth on and always have both keys and phone together.
The Tile app doesn't work without GPS location services--not even battery mode. Most apps at least five you the option to work with Battery Saving mode though it might not be as accurate. This app doesn't even work without full-on GPS mode which drains the phone. It's pretty much useless to me.
Think it's a terrible product. The app never stays connected and when it comes to the point when you need to rely on it to locate some things....good luck. Complete failure
I have to keep the app open and sync each time. If app is open I have to make sure that it shows my both my phone and keys or it will not work. From day one it will not start open in background to find me keys and vicecersa. I don't know what else to do. I have a Samsung S8+
There's a problem with my galaxy s9+. If I lose my phone, clicking the tile will activate my phone like normal but my phone will only play music when the display is on, so the song plays for maybe 4 seconds and then stops.
b"I've come to realize that this device & app are a waste.?? I have to replace the tiles every so often. ?? For the cost they should be rechargable or at least provide the ability to replace the battery. Instead they are disposable.?? I have decided to start using another device that I can at least replace the battery in. I have bought 3 sets of tiles. NOT ANYMORE. ?? Moving on! Thanks for the memories. ??"
I would say that this system is completely worthless. I left my wallet at a friends house. My phone, wallet and keys all right next to each other for about 7 hrs. Even though they were in such close proximity for so long, the app had not logged a connection to that tile for over 12 hours... which was back at my house. So i was mistakenly looking for my wallet at my house... all the while suspecting that I left it at my friends house. Another time I lost my keys. They were in the house. The app could not find them. If it can't find the tiles while my own phone is right next to them... the idea that other people with the app on their phone will somehow log their location seems about as improbable as it could possibly be. There is also severe latency in the system. I will get alerts that my wallet was just seen someplace where i was 24 hours ago. This has led me on wild goose chases trying to locate my wallet when it wasn't lost in the first place. I'm applying for a refund. Their policy is that they have to been in their original shape. However, one has been on my keychain and this has clearly effected its condition. This will be interesting.
Update : Always says Connecting Tile Nearby, Connecting Tile Nearby. Wallet and keys are within site. 50 dollars and the buy new tiles once a year? When these are exhausted I'm done with this scam. Had high hopes for this but I'm very disappointed. The tiles are expensive and tracking is very poor. As I write this the tile that is on my keychain is 3 feet away and can't be located. Tile in my wallet, which is in my pocket can't be located. Update 8-19-2018 Wallet tile and key tile say connecting and tiles are just inches away. Rubbish
Finally I can find my keys....or my phone cause I swear sometimes the grow legs and go hide from me! Love tiles!
Functionality of the app is satisfactory, works well with my Keysmart Pro without any hiccups so far. Although it would be nice if I could monitor the battery level for my Keysmart from the app.
First I gave it a one star and had it there for years, but moved it to a five star as they have upgraded the product for a higher range to find the keys. Keep upgrading the range and I might start recommending to everyone.
Like others the app constantly tells me to turn on location services when my location is on and permission is granted to the app. Using a Nexus 6P
Worked well for a couple of months and now the tile doesnt ring. When i put my ear right up to it i can hear a feint beeping but theres no way you could locate the tile if lost, so its absolutely useless and just an expensive keyring. Ive tried contacting through support and got no reply. Rubbish
Amazing! Now I can find my keys and phone when my boss hides them. Slipped one in my girlfriend's purse also.
Pretty good so far. Make sure to charge that battery completely. My daughter (as usual) lost her keys within 2 days of getting this but the battery was dead. I checked last known location and new it was somewhere in the house. Found it now super charging it.
Apps unable to find tiles when it is right next to it, unable to connect, shows location that is updated 14 days ago
I often misplace things in plain sight so this works for me. Wouldn't mind if it could run in the background without being an open tab. Not great if your phone is off.
The update of location is not fast, I manageble but I look a eternity when you are late and lost your keys
I use it to keep my cat in line when outside. Works like a charm....the noise sends him right to the front door to come inside!
The app has greatly improved since my first review. Hours after leaving a location my tiles were being shown still at that location. Now? The app/tile connection has greatly improved. Becoming indispensable.
As a developer I found difficulty connecting to the devices with developer options especially OEM unlocking
Use to be great, sadly after less than half a year the tiles are worthless. It can take hours for it to find any tiles
Had my bike stolen. It took me right to the house, now thats great
I love the concept. The only reason I didn't give five stars is because I'd like to see granular notification and email options. The ability to turn off email notifications is crucial.
I can't download the app. It keeps says download pending. Then I see that I need an update to make it work but no word on the update. How can I download the app. It even says on one page that it is installed , but when you go to the app it says download pending.
Double tapping on my Tile Pro doesn't find my phone... I have a note 8 stock firmware and nothing special about it. I allow the app to always run in the background through the battery settings and still nothing. If the activity is closed the app won't ring.
Can't get to work. Keep getting error message about location services.
Keeps me sane, as I constantly misplace things.
Found my keys, but only wish there were a louder option of a ring & more precise locator within a mall let's say....
Charge does not last 60 days as claimed. Rarely finds the phone when the bottom is pressed twice even if it's nearby.
Tile has saved me so much time looking for my stuff. Best present I ever got.
Sometimes the tiles disconnect from the app for no reason, and then theyre essentially useless. However it is an amazing idea and i use it very frequently.
Such a useful device. I've got one in my wallet and on my keys. Find them in seconds now rather than 15 minutes.
Doesn't work 75% of the time. Unreliable.
Nothing gets a 5 star rating.
It does what it says it will do, has been very reliable, I have also recommended it to all my friends
Tried a few devices and this one is the best. Not sure what happens when my battery dies but we shall see
Battery life on both tiles only lasted two months. No way to change the battery with out replacing the the fobs
You guys are the $hat. How do I get this into my brain? I keep losing it
I have it on my cat... Just sound it off and i kniw where he's at..
Haven't lost anything since!!!
Great app. Use it almost everyday and relieves a lot of morning stress.
The app itself if fine. But the ongoing cost of having the device is a bit much for Australians
I am always forgetting where I put things and it is quick to find.
Nice app, it helps me to find my keys and other things
Love it I have the sport one a white one and black one they both work wonderful
Working with Android P now.
I'd be lost without it!
I love this app...never lost anything after purchased this.
Simple and awesome. I would like that batteries are replaceable
It's very helpful to find your own stuff
Great, helps me find my stuff~
So far so good
Great!
massive stress reliever
Good so far
Worth it
It's good
b'??'
Perfection!!!
Awesome
Awesome
Good
Love it
Awesome
EXCELLENT
Cool
This app has helped me so so so so much it's honestly made me realize I need to get my life together. After I got this little tracker for my keys it motivated me to tidy up my house and be more organized. Talk about a wake up call. I decluttered so much that now even my parents are motivated to declutter, which is hudge considering that they're horders. I also gave one to my sister and she too is making big life decisions now. Plus the alarm is too cute and it's just the right amount of volume. One of my top 10 purchase I've made in 2018 by far!
Mostly great, but slightly limited software, doesn't allow much user control of the device (no open API). For example, the hardware button used to turn on the device out of the box cannot be used to turn it off (when it's not being used) temporarily to save its battery.. so you will have to replace it after a year even if you only use it for trips a couple of weeks a year.
I recieved a Tile Mate for Christmas in 2017. I fell in love instantly with the easy way to locate my keys. When my sister began to repeatedly lose her wallet, I bought a Tile Slim for her immediately. She hasn't been able to not find it since. Tile is simple, the layout easy to use, and is the best solution I have EVER used to lost items. The reverse Tile function is the most amazing thing ever. Thanks, Tile!
b"It used to work well - i have been using them since they came out with the first gen. Then there was an os upgrade (at&t android galaxy s8 active) and now it won't connect to the tile even if it is right next to the phone. Restarted the app, still doesnt connect. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it. Still doesn't work. There is no way to disable the tile and try to reconnect it. The only way it connects is if i restart my phone, and then it only works at that time - not working the next time i try to find my keys and am late for work ??."
App is ok. It has problems it constantly wants you to update permissions and maintain bluetooth, eventhough all phones have a feature called bluetooth scanning while bluetooth is off, same as wifi scanning used for location accuracy. It also has problems with most of the older tiles such as the slim. It does a decent job with the newer active versions. It would be great if they added a dont forget me option for each tile, based on distance. Oh right they have it in The advanced options only available for testing also only available on iOS devices.
I have not been able to get my tile to call my phone or have my phone locate my tile. Have turned on location and watched the video and did everything recommended but does not work. I have a Samsung Galaxy 9 that shows up on my app, but cannot make it ring. So far this item seems useless.
Tile is useless. It won't connect without Bluetooth AND location services turned on even though it connects via Bluetooth. It's fine to turn on location services to find the tile but if I lose my phone it will NOT be with location turned on since this kills the battery. Therefore the find my phone feature is useless. Worse, their own FAQ doesn't say this. It falsely claims that only Bluetooth is needed. What's more, this is only guaranteed for a year, then you have to replace the whole thing and generate a bunch of e-waste. Terrible product.
Great in theory... I'm on my second tile and they work fine for a few weeks and them BAM malfunction when I most need to find my things. My current tile has stopped ringing aloud entirely. The app says its ringing, but there is no ring. A very frustrating way to waste money.
I'm Locked out of my account and support told me to try again in 3 hours. Not exactly what you want to hear when you're trying to find your keys. Contacted support as requested and it was suggested that I used text support (as I did originally) which is not open. Great social media presence though.
Saves me time looking for things, but also a saveguard when I CAN'T find stuff. Concerned about how to find phone if stolen, annd reset, before I know its gone. Once the APP is uninstalled, how can I track it?
Update: it has become apparent (especially with the latest update) that this app only works properly if your location is set to "high accuracy," which is a HUGE drain on the battery. If set to "battery saver," it will never connect to the tiles. This makes it almost useless.
The proximity feature is nice, but if you have multiple devices in your home or around the tile, you can't force it to connect to the device in your hand. So basically the proximity feature is useless. You have to go grab the device the tile is connected to to use it. Also when the app asks you to walk around to find your tile, the discovery process takes a minute or two, you would have walked far past your tile before the app realizes the tile is nearby.
I really enjoy the app but have a difficult time keeping it working or running in the background. It closes and then process to be useless because it hasn't kept track of my keys. I have a HUAWEI P10 and cannot get the app to stay open in the background.
Good for keeping keys, backpacks, and wallets in check so they dont run around wild when your bot looking. Looking to put one on my bork bork nom nom but I'm hesitating due to the unethical practice of locking consumers in by not allowing battery changes or recharging the device. You will be told that it's old and needs to be replaced by tile (you need to re buy). Even if you replace the battery yourself which is relatively easy but its programmed to make your efforts useless due to the app. Good while it lasts and since it's the most popular tracker, crowd sources tracking is reliable.
Broke after the first android update. No longer can see that the GPS is on and can no longer use bluetooth. I didn't change anything, but the app just stopped working.
It took me over an hour to figure out how to get this to work. Didn't realize I had to add a new Tile to allow phone and Tile to communicate! Please make easier Get Started instructions. Thank you. After that, it works exactly as advertised! :)
Just got the Samsung s8 and it works better on s8 than my old phone. Still need tiles that you can change battery with. When app is opened it displays xxx members are nerby. What dos nerby represent. 1 mile, 3 mile' 5 mile, could represent any distance, makes it meaningless
Galaxy A5 user. The location won't switch on for this app Tile. It worked on my iPhone 6s though. Very disappointed. Overall the tile is well made. Sturdy. Lovely texture. Shame it didn't work on Galaxy A5! :(
Has not connected my new tile after trying for a way too long. Last tile died without letting me know. I hate this app and the crappy product that is supposed to go with it.
Horrible app, does not work, I have wasted 40 dollars on tiles, and it is too late to return them The app repeatedly asked me to turn on location services for the app which I did...over and over and over...on and off, trying to get the app desperately to acknowledge my tiles. The icing on the cake was the horrible support site where you cannot actually get support because the site "refreshes" page halfway through typing your issue.
Phone does not respond to tile clicks... Annoying that the app had to be always running in the background for the tile to find your phone. Would be much better if it was always running in the background.
would give five stars if it worked. location services are enabled but the app keeps prompting me to turn them on even though they are already. plz help. using oneplus6 with latest updates
I loved my tile until it stopped making noise when I tried to find it. The app still works; my phone still picks up the location of the tile; I can still find my phone with the tile, so I know the battery is not dead... but if I lose my tile, it will be silent, and therfore sort of worthless... I hope the warranty is good.
I gave it 4 stars because it is a great device, but from all of the advertising I falsely hoped that the tile would have GPS capabilities. Hopefully when GPS tech shrinks it could be implemented to future tile products.
I love my tile. I bought it to put on my work keys... and then had extras. It has helped find not only my keys I've dropped or misplaced but my mom's keys who is having memories issues!
The Tile app, and its corresponding service, was useless for my needs. I used to use it to help find my father's cane whenever he misplaced it in the house (approximately 5,000 square feet). For a house that size, the Tile app was practically useless due to the range limitations of Bluetooth. My father was also the only one in his neighborhood that used the Tile service so the geo-location did not work either. While I'm sure the Tile service is wonderful in neighborhoods where lots of people use it, for my purposes the Tile app/service failed miserably.
Its great. BUT annoying how you gotta reopen the app once u close all of them, just to keep it active
I have had 2 tiles and both of them didnt connect to my phone neither of them made "a happy little tune" when I tried and I am afraid to spend more money on products that dont work
Plummeted from amazing product to terrible product in 2 short years. Takes more than 10 mins for the app to connect to a tile -even when the phone and the tile are beside each other. I used to love it when tile found my misplaced wallet or keys in 30 seconds when I was rushing out the door. If it's going to take 10 mins to connect, then thanks for nothing. In 10 mins I can find it myself with out the high cost of the titles. How could something so good get so bad so quickly?
A piece of Garbage if you take the consideration of renewing ($25 ish). In fact you have to because the battery does run out on this small device, and you have to get a new one inorder to keep using their service, can the developer be more greedy. It is just totally not worth it.
Unreliable at best. On several occasions I have been literally inches from my keys and the alert failed to sound.
I used to lose my stuff all the time until I bought tile! I tried some other versions of tracking equipment but even though they were cheaper they didn't work very well. Tile works so well, and I use it to find my keys and wallet every few days! It's very very helpful and is recommend it to anyone.
Feature suggestion: Notification/ Alert when moving out of range. It's better not to wait until you realized you're missing an item to go check the app
Tile Mate is one of the best pieces of tech ever integrated into my life. The time and stress saved is SO AMAZING. The related customer service is exemplary!
Half the time, the tiles don't connect even though they are in my pocket! Have to turn off/on the blue tooth to get them to connect. Would buy again if i had the choice
I have Keysmart with tile and my keys can never find my phone although they are right next to each other, only when I try to find my keys first that then I can find my phone, useless service
Lost my wallet on an airline flight. Tile notified me through the community finding feature that it had been turned in at the baggage claim desk. Thank you!!!
The tile does not work when trying to make my S9 Samsung ring. I press the tile twice and nothing happens at my cell phone.
I'm always losing my keys and it's so frustrating and this helps me stay on track. Thank you Tile!
I put one on my cat now every time it plays the jiggle he knows to come running home!
Finding my phone doesn't always work but finding my keys always does - and I can't dial them so it's invaluable
It has already saved me several times from being late to work.. my coworkers thank you lol
BEST present EVER!! for someone who always loses stuff!!! Bit of a learning curve tracking a tile, that could be a little more user friendly but once you figure it out it's AWESOME! Cant live without it!!
Works till you need it! Couldn't find my keys and it took over a half hour to connect for me to FIND my keys
I lo b e TILE it has helped me find my keys and my phone. Brilliant device and brilliant app. My mother keeps losing her phone and keys and i am able to locate both from my phone from my pc.
Just put them on as we started a trip from Maryland through Atlanta to Italy. Knew where luggage was at all times and love that it works so well even in a foreign country.
The use-once concept is disgusting. Wireless charging, please.
Takes to long to connect to find a tile sometimes, even when the tile is right next to it. When it works it's great! I wish the ringtone was louder though
Most of my tiles die quickly and I only get a few months out of them
This is a great relief to me. Cost of replacement keys is phenomenal, as I have just discovered. Shall buy at least one more. Thank you.
Awesomeness I lose everything a couple times a day this little device have saved my sanity many times already
I got it just in case for my house key since I usually lose my house keys when I least expect it but I also plan on getting it for my work keys and for my wallet just in case
Haven't had to use it for anything major, but my peace of mind is worth everything to me. Great Product!!!
b'So handy for so many situations ??'
Its worked everytime extremely accurate. Ive only tested it havent actually needed it . However its worked both times perfectly.
It is great especially if you're significant other losers things a lot.
It was great but on a s9+ the tile won't ring my phone in less the app is open
I never have to look for my wallet again
So far my Tile Sport works great. I'd love separation alerts
You need to update yr maps so I can see the location better
Ok on resource usage after updates
Need small one for glasses PLEASE!!!
Extreme battery hog!
Works great just wish the tile would ring louder than it does..
Helps me save time
Wish the app would work with voice commands but its pretty good app
I have been waiting all my adult life for you
Saves me so much time! I own 5.
I LOVE THIS APP AND I LOVE THAT I CAN FINALLY FIND MY LOST STUFF EASIER YESSS LIFESAVER!!!!!!!!!!
Great item don't need to lose my keys or phone
It just works perfectly
it's a life saver, when you can find your key
Just what I needed to keep track of my cat!!
Great range more than I would expect
Finding lost phones is an unexpected blessing!
Awesome product! Great for finding keys!
Best thing ever
I just love my tiles
Works i guess
I think Tile is fantastic!!
Best way to find everything!!@#
Great! Such a helpful app!
Bomb no complaints
Amazing and useful app!
It work reel gd
Great tool!
So far so good...
Great really works
Incredible Unit.
Simple and great.
Love it!
awesome!
Excellent!!
I love it
Very convenient
Awesome
Awesome
Goooooood
Pixel 2 xl. The connection problems were constant. Now it works fine at this time 7/7. I followed the steps of turning off data, BT, wifi, location, & exiting tile. After turning off my phone for a few minutes, it began working again. It was frustrating that it took a few times but I'm glad it works now. I'll keep this up and I'll update if there are more problems.
Does not work for me at all. My wallet or keys will be in the house and the tile app cannot find them. They are consistently not connected (I regularly get notified that my app hasn't seen my keys in 2 weeks) and the reverse (press tile to find phone) find doesn't work well either.
I got 2 pro series because they said they were water proof. My keys fell in the sink and my tile mo longer works. I have sent multiple emails but never a response. I would always tell everyone how great they are. Now i will not. No customer service, false advertising and terrible customer support
We use Tile Mate to protect our keys and the Tile App our phones. We have Tile Mates protecting important bags and devices (ie. Tablets). When we travel we use Mates in checked luggage to make sure if they get lost we can track them down. I even have a Mate attached to our dogs collar in case she decides to stray a bit. I want to train her to respond to the tune the Mate uses to come home, that will save driving around looking for her. There are no doubt millions of uses for our Tiles.
Great tool to help me always know where my keys and phone are. Well, for the most part... Except for the time I dropped my keys in the trash and put the trash out on the curb and the garbage truck came before I realized they were gone....
Doesn't work more often than it does work. After contacting customer support no resolution was found other than restarting my phone. I even turned off battery optimization for Bluetooth and this app but that didn't fix whatever issue is going on. Too bad. I wish I went with a cheaper alternative with this type of reliability.
Connected once, then won't connect again. Bluetooth is on on phone but can't find it from laying keys on top of my phone. Then no one to contact by phone or live support from phone. Stuck watching YouTube videos, will just take it back.
Its really a bad product, has never worked properly. Now the tile has started to just randomly fire the search tone off while I'm doing stuff at work. Customers are annoyed and I've been forced to just take it off my keys. Was a xmas gift but the app is slow and has trouble connecting to the tile, the tile itself will not make a sound if ANYTHING covers the pinhole sized speaker area, and now it's just randomly firing off whenever it feels like it. Hasn't even been a year. Just annoyed.
I'm getting a message that tile won't work with Android 6.0 but will when 6.1 comes out. I don't understand why I spent $20 on an item that is supposed to work with my android phone but no warning about tech issues on label until opened and attempt to install! I have Firefox , an apparent requirement but still no joy have an LG phone w at&t service . very upset!!!!
Rewriting for the 2nd or 3rd time, I cannot connect nor located my device nor connect to my phone even know I physically found my tile or phone. Bluetooth was activated but cannot locate on a Samsung s9plus....tile were done, your product is a waste of time and money for what you describe as "close proximity" if zero star is an option that would be my review...waste of money, do not buy one of their products, it's a waste of money and patience. Tile you lost a customer and a user
Loved this app as I often misplace my keys and phone around the house. Tile makes noise but my phone has been disconnected for weeks. Even though the app is on my phone. Location settings are correct. I've been right next to my tiles for a while now and the last time they were "seen" was hours ago... The app had not updated my location on the phone in over a month, even though the live-action was correct I'm my other apps.
I have had connectivity issues in the past and again now. None of the tiles work. No ability for live chat and very poor customer service, i mean if you have lost something and can't even get in touch with support this is ridiculous. AVOID THIS GIMMICKY PRODUCT. I ALSO SEE NO NEED FOR LINKING TO A TILE COMMUNITY WHEN ALL WE WANT IS TO FIND OUR KEYS. WHY THE DATA GATHERING!!!!! No email from Tile warning about Marshmallow update which most of us wont even know has occurred.
App works great on my wife's iPhone. App is horrible on my Android. You think tile would work on a better app for the Android and apparently they don't seem to care.
Will not pair with Samsung S8, attempted to get support this did not work. Absolute rip off.
I been having connection issues with the tile sport and contacting your support team is only by email which is a dead end road. I been having this issue for a while and have stop recommending tile since the issue .
For how expensive these cost you would think the company would be able to deliver a working product. I've used tile for years and I'm at the end of my patience. Tile works randomly. Somehow never when you desperately need it to.
Doesn't work. Cannot connect to the tile from my Android pixel phone. I contacted support and they gave me an obvious checklist of troubleshooting steps that didn't help.
My tile is wonderful I have a lot of problems losing things so when I'm looking for my keys it makes things a lot easier hit a button and go I've got it on a lot of different things so happy
Worked for a couple of days and now no longer finds the tiles. The tiles do not call my phone. Useless product. It is not reliable and does not work. No way to uninstall and reinstall tiles.
Tried to connect to my tile today. App loads super slowly and then crashes evertime I hit find. Seems like the opposite of the new update.
The idea behind the app unfortunately seems to just not work. I put a tile in my wallet and keep my phone and wallet in my pocket most of the time. If it worked ideally, even if I didnt come near any other tile users, I would see the location where my phone and wallet were last together. Unfortunately, when I look in the tile app I see it hasn't updated the location in more than a week. That would be utterly useless if my wallet was lost.
Excellent product Excellent customer service. Tile has always treated me the best, and have backed their products fully if defective. A+++++ company, customer service, and product's.
This is the most battery-draining app that I habe ever use. It costs me 24% battery per day to have this app in the phone.
Doesn't work with Pixel 2. Granted, it's probably more of a Pixel 2 Bluetooth LE issue but there is no support or progress for a fix.
This app keep asking for location permission even it is already allowed. It wont activate my tiles. Worthless app.
It really helps me find my phone on my keys if I lose them and it works every time
Great idea if it actually worked to find your phone after you clear your apps that are running in background.
Countless time of locating my keys and wallet. Just throw your wallet into your washer. Great product.
got a new phone but still cant install the app even. This website says I have it installed when it is not. How do you reinstall the app??
Well how do I put this this app and product are the best recently I missed place my wallet some place where I never wouldn't find it I would give 10 stars love it !!!!!
I use this thing pretty much every day... which probably says more about me than it does Tile.
AWESOME. I gain years of my lifespan back. No longer swearing and turning g over couch cushions looking for my keys and vape.
Great app. Works fine on every one of my devices
I save so much time having Tile. I can not live without them now!!!
Great app. Misplace keys in house at least once a week. Now I find them quickly
I put a sport tile on my dog's callor as well.
My keys would be forever lost if it wasn't for Tile.
Such a relief. No more "Omg where's my keys, phone!"
I hope to add the Arabic language in the application
Phone not working right, neednew phone
Love it. Have one tile mate on my keys and a sport on my backpack
Has helped me find my keys and wallet many times
I an so glad that I have Tile! It's really helpful!
Works great! Saved my wallet a time or two.
Use it all the time
Perfect to find my cat
Love it a lot. Thanks!!!
Great app!
Brillent
Great app
Good product
Very useful
If you have a Galaxy S6 do not bother with this device or app. When I first got it it worked great in the first month I would have given it 5 stars. 8 months after purchase and a couple of updates this application and tiles do not function. While holding my phone next to my keys it will not even ring.
The app only lets you share a tile with one other person? Don't waste your time with this if you want other family members to be able to find your tiles. Sorry, but I don't really want to pay for such a basic feature. But my parents love it and use it frequently.
Dreadfully unreliable. It either never connects or it connects with the item right next to it and it never rings! You have to press over and over with the tile next to it in order to make it ring and that is if you're lucky! Avoid tile, avoid their needlessly unreliable trash.
It's really annoying that it keeps telling me Bluetooth and GPS are off. I KNOW THEY'RE OFF AND I KNOW I CAN'T LOCATE MY KEYS THIS BUT I DON'T CAREEEE. This basically app thinks you're always looking for your keys or something. For the rest it's a really neat app tho.
The app is easy to use and I like the product so much I bought a second one for my wallet. However, I do wish I knew about the non replacement battery and you have to buy the newest line. I have both tile sport
Tile never in range even if it right next to the phone. Paired my phone with the tiles over and over again and they can be seen for a few hours. God forbid I ever lost anything connected to a tile. All in all they are just a rubbish looking key ring
I bought tile to keep track if some sports items and havent lost them since. But i lost my phone yesterday and once my friend downloaded the tile app on his phone we found it in 10 minutes. Thanks for working so well.
Bought for my wife, she loses her keys and cell phone often. Has been very helpful for me to not have to call her phone every 10 minutes . Thank you, lol. Also you can get 4 tiles for 50 bucks, don't know why people believe that's such a high price point for peice of mind. Thanks again.
Great product! ...Within two weeks of using it, I've already saved myself a great deal of stress after misplacing my wallet twice.
I'm a person who tends to lose my keys, wallet, phone etc alot. The Tile and the Tile app has put an end to it all. Not only is great but you can have Bluetooth headphones and be connected to your tile at the same time. I strongly recommend the Tile App// Tile itself if you're someone who loses their things often.
UI needs work. I feel that all functions and info for each tile could fit on 1 screen. I think the developer is probably trying to make the app seem like it does more than it actually does. I would prefer a more cluttered screen over multiple layers of pages and menus.
Bought by my daughter for Father's Day, because she thinks my memory's going. Works well, I can find my car keys with my phone and vice versa. One odd but welcome feature is that the Tile can ring my phone with Bluetooth off, as long as it hasn't gone out of range and then come back.
I would love it if you could make this app work with my smart watch. So far this Tile app has been a life saver for me. I suffer from a severe memory dysfunction and this app is invaluable to me but if it worked with my smart watch wow
Not great. It only works sporadically. Reminds me that it doesn't work right when phone is in power saver mode. My phone is ALWAYS in power saving mode.
Requires GPS to be on to find the tile. Insane. God forbid you try to find without it you need to force close the app, enable GPS and try again.
I like this as it helps me find my keys and my wallet. The only downside is you have to check in regularly in order to keep your tiles connected!
The tile app works well, but interferes with other Bluetooth low energy devices like headphones, causing music to randomly cut out.
Terrible deceiving app! It can't find the tile 5 feet away from my phone or in the car next to me ever! It is the worst app I've ever had!
Demands confirmation of email with a code that it never sends. Impossi ble to activate the tiles. Worthless!
From what I've seen it's okay haven't really had a chance to use mine yet
I like you could locate your keys from your phone. The tile also locates your phone
The arrogance of these people to not have a support phone line
Need to be able to log on in to different accounts from same app, since sharing a tile feature from one phone to another doesn't seem to work.
It is just right, but it goes out of range of my phone and it is hard to find my keys, try and find a way to make the ringer louder too.
This is so helpful .everyone should get one.it is a little pricey but otherwise great!
Great app. Great device. When using multiple phones it could be clearer which device will ring when u double press the tile.
Poor conectivity with the tiles, take too long to connect and track them. Tile's battery life very poor.
Always helps me keep up with my keys and wallet! Thanks Tile!
The Tile definitely is a very handy, useful device. I really appreciate it.
Wish tile premium was available for Android, but great system.
Really handy but takes to long to connect most times.
Works great. I hope I never lose my keys again.
Wish it was louder
Pow pow
Very easy to setup and use
Nice
Awesome
Amazing
I'm glad I got this as I somehow manage to misplace my keys frequently. This has saved me a lot of time. Also, I love the peace of mind knowing I can locate on Bluetooth where something is and it gives me very accurate information. Does anyone else notice that their phone has become super slow since installing the app though? That's why I took off a star. Fix it and I give you 5 stars!
Hit and Miss finding correct location, off by a city block several times. However very easy to set up. Nice features to find your phone too. Hoping the replacement cost is reasonable when it expires in a year as Battery is non-replacable. I think it would make customers happy if a PDF manual was available for download. Instructions are skimpy, had to hunt online to discover you press E to pair. Not all Tiles connect the same. Online instruction is some kind of right click to save image. Picture is too small work. Device connection works great, glad I got Tile.
The concept is awesome. My wife got this for me cause I'm always losing my wallet. HOWEVER. This app is never connected. God forbid you don't open the app every couple hours, or restart the app whenever you close all your apps in the tray, or restart your phone, etc. I just went to look for my wallet and it said the last time my wallet was seen was a month ago.
The premise is awesome. And it can be linked to Alexa which is nice. However, it's very inconsistent which makes it unreliable. Sometimes it can't locate the tile despite being nearby and connected. Sometimes it rings but for 5 seconds... just enough to drive me mad. Update to add I tried working with tech support and the experience was so bad I downgraded my rating.
So, got my first tile as a Corporate giveaway and thought what a really cool gadget. Installed the app on my tablet and first problem, no landscape support - really? Second problem - why are companies still pushing Facebook for automatic signup - would prefer to see Google. Not a great start to my experience with using the tile - shame really...
Mine will incessantly beep at me to remind me that I'll never find my phone! Works great! But I think my wife's is broken. Her's makes her actual phone beep!?! That can be right, because mine doesn't do that, and I paid a lot for us to have the style. Garbage at best.
Works great. Put a tile in my son's frequently misplaced favorite stuffed animal. Now we never lose it. Only annoying thing is the app often pops up in notifications asking to turn in my location. I only turn it in when I need it. Beyond that, easy to use, easy to pair to item. Definitely recommend.
I have heard from other people that it is flawless on IOS but doesn't work on Android, but didn't believe them, or did not want to believe it. I was wrong! IT REALLY DOES NOT WORK ON ANDROID! Every time I needed to use it, it was "connecting" to my tiles. When it finally connected I didn't need it and moved on. Pixel 2 phone, no issues with Bluetooth otherwise.
These tiles were crazy expensive to only work.for a week. They just keep locating my devices. Never able to connect. Even when my keys and wallet are beside each other, and no matter where we are. Major bust from here
The tile rarely connects to my phone. Specifically, when I double tap the tile, it's supposed to find my phone. Instead, it beeps over and over and doesn't do it's job. It's nice for finding the phone via GPS in the city, but in the home it performs less than expected.
why don't u forward my message instead of just a generic answer saying I need to repeat myself! "why is it taking so long to get the features apple has available thru premium subscription? is there a hard date for the android premium features?? even the cheapest trackers have the separation alerts.. why doesn't the best one in the biz have this feature??"
Very reliable. I've had it now for about 4 months and know I would have lost my vape mod more than 100 times if I didn't have my Tile!
Constantly loading. This is the third time I've been relying on the app to show me where my keys and wallet are, and each time it just says "connecting" until I give up and hunt the old fashioned way.
Terrible lately fob will bleep constantly until the app is opened then it reconnects it's like the tile loses connection all the time
1. Stop telling reviewers to go to your website, take the feedback right here. 2. Been trying to sign up for premium.....no way to do that.
Good app, but since it relies on Bluetooth & the Tile app, it limits devices that can update the location. An additional Windows app for laptops and desktops with Bluetooth, would allow permanent and mobile locations that can update Tile locations. For example, the one on my dogs collar could be tracked by others computers that are running in peoples homes when they are not and I can find him if he gets off my property and out of my own device Bluetooth range
I did everything correctly on my initial setup with my Google pixel now I cannot get the tiles to ring at all I referenced the help area and it said to shut my phone off for two minutes (no idea why) and rebooted it and it seems to be working properly for now
Pretty useless when it says it's connecting to my devices but can't find them, even if they are right next to me.
DO NOT BUY A TILE Whether it's the app or the tile itself, two-thirds of the time it will disconnect and not warn you. The only fix is to reinstall, and now even that's not working. Complete wastw of $40
I have a Tile on my cat's collars. Makes it easy to find them if they're hiding in the house but also gives me peace of mind that if they get out I have one more tool to help track them down.
This is a update on my review from January. I did give tile a not so good review but sense January my opinion has changed the tiles now work rather good I guess because of updates Just wanted to clear the air for the tile family
I lost my wallet, went to its last location. The app "updated" telling me where it was 8 hrs ago. Helpful. Please make sure location updates are relevant. If i have data from an hour ago it's more pertinent than 8hrs ago.
Worked amazing for 5 months then the battery died.. There's a one year guarantee, so make sure you keep your receipt.. I got mine as a gift, so I don't have mine to return it =(
Can't locate my keysmart pro while its in the same room. Says it was last scene 4 days ago in a different city. Not exactly helpful in the event I actually lose my keys
After initial linking it"forgot" the tile and wouldn't hook back with it. Sucky. Doesn't ring the phone either. Help tells you to do things that aren't available in the app.
When I open the app, a window pops up that says the app has stopped working.
doesn't really work around my area. just had higher expectations
Love this app share the tiles with my mom so no matter what our phones and keys can always be found
WTH you removed the teddy bear from the opening screen. You will be at 1 star until the teddy bear returns. The bear is the reason I use your product. This is not a joke!!!
It only lasts a few months not worth the money
This was the best gift I could give my parents. They are always losing their keys and now thanks to Tile I can help them find it.
If you want your tiles to ring randomly, except for when you want them to, by all means get this app and the product. However, if you want something that works properly, then don't get it.
I don't know how I got by without Tile!
My tile worked for a couple months then won't ring tile or phone. Request for tech support went to pages that don't exist.
Sounds great. Can't wait to see how well it works. I will let you know after using it some
Words cannot explain the peace of mind you guys have brought into my life
I gave tile permission to use my location. But it keeps asking for permission.
Good app It is a good app to used. It works based on its specification. However, more features can be added to it.
The Tile takes too long to connect with the apps GPS.
Can never detect my tiles on a Pixel 2 XL.
Perfect remedy for my increased forgetfulness that comes with age.
Works when it wants, the idea is good but they have a long way to go.
Lol I always lose my keys so this was very helpful
Super easy to setup and use, works perfectly each time.
Pretty cool app never lose your things again. ;)
Good product and app. Direction pointer would be great addition to the app.
Why NOT Windows ?
Very useful. And very practical. Easy to navigate. A+
Love knowing where my stuff is now!
It works
Great app.
AWESOME!
Very useful
Excellent
I bought some tiles online and downloaded the app, but it will not even let me sign up for the service. I tried signing up on my computer as well as the app, but it tells me that my email already exists, I attempted to select "forgot my password" and it just says "something went wrong", so I tried another email address, same thing. I bought 4 of these and cannot use them, not thrilled about it.
Great idea but wth, I can't trigger the sound on the tile. There's nothing on the screen to press so it will sound off. The tile goes off but at random like maybe every 20min average on its own. I have no control over it. The tile itself is supposed to be able to call my phone by pressing twice on the time itself, nothing. Not one Goddamn call to my phone. The tile just plays its little tune without connecting via signal to my phone. The only thing working is the map but what good is that if I can't trigger the tag?
It would be great if it would connect to the items. It does help because it tells me that I at least know where I left it but endlessly just sits there connecting when I need it to make a sound. Sad truth is yet another example of android not being maintaii
In short, it works ok and I would buy again. No where near perfect but a great tool. It does eat up my battery so I have to turn off my bluetooth. Kinda defeats one of the purposes of the app and that's to keep track of where it was last seen by your bluetooth.
Seriously disappointed... as soon as I close the app, as I usually do with all apps in the background to conserve battery, the tile become useless and even if I'm pressing it literally next to my phone. "Locate tiles when app is closed" is absolutely useless and the most crucial part for buying these tiles. I might return this if it doesn't get fixed. I love the idea, but this feature seriously needs to get fixed.
The app doesn't connect frequently enough to my tiles to be of any use. It isn't really helpful to know where my tiles were two days ago. I need to know where they were when last in proximity to my phone. Completely useless.
It's a good concept. I wish the bluetooth would update quicker. If you make a quick pit stop like a gas station and leave your wallet behind before the app can update your tile location, it could be a problem. I would buy it again for the peace of mind though.
The new generation of tiles seems to be far inferior to the prior generation in terms of locating devices via an Android phone. For example my 5 month "new" old tile is currently 2 feet away and the app can't locate it. Another "new" tile is 10 feet away and it can't be found either. Meanwhile my "old" tile can be found with no problem.
Sporadic. I do not recommend. I have a tile in my right hand. I am ringing the tile from my phone. The display saus the tile is within range and that I should walk around until it beats. The tile never beeped. This is a frequent occurrence. A tile will be nearby and I received a message that I will be notified when it is found. This would be for my keys, my planner, things that are in the vicinity but the phone never rings the app. Then I get a stupid email saying that the tile has been found. This does not help me at all. I am looking for the items to lay my hands on them immediately. That's why I bought the tile. The tile works incrementally at best. It's just slightly better than nothing.
The tile only updates it's location sporadically. I left my keys on my desk at work the day before. When I could not find them the next day the app stated it had seen my keys six days ago and told me a great place to look for them was at home. Completely useless.
I've been using tile for many years now and have been generally pleased with the results however the most recent update to the tiles themselves has not been a good one in my opinion. Half of the tiles (current generation) that I've purchased have failed so far and the ones that do work didn't work when I really needed them to. At this point I'm open to finding an alternative as I'm not happy with the results overall.
I cannot set this up on my android and cannot find anywhere to get help. The app will not allow me to register my email or create an account. Very frustrated.
Waste of money. Both of the tiles I have synced to my phone function like 1/5 times I attempt to use them. It would be nice if they worked as intended but I will never buy another product from this scam.
(Final update): Works only 50% of the time with my Pixel 2. Slim Tiles keep breaking. (Updated again) While I love tiles when they work they haven't been working well for me recently. This may be related to my update to Android O. For the last weeks, even if I place the tile directly next to my phone it has trouble connecting. (Updated) My Tile Slim in my wallet stopped working after one month, staying silent on key presses and no longer connecting to the phone. Customer service tried to help me fix the problem and after some back and forth did replace the Tile.
Another user discussed this in another review, and I am having the same issues they had signing up for an account... No matter what I do, there's an error. I bought my Tile last week but can't use it... If this keeps up, I'll probably just return the item. Very disappointed so far, especially after hearing great things about Tile :(
The best tracker I have ever owned. I've tried other brands, but nothing comes close to how Tile performs! I cannot live without it, I'm notorious for losing my keys every now and then.
Pretty awesome. I haven't looked for my vape since I got it. Countless frustrating hours saved already
b"I've used \xc5\xa5his app to find keys & PDA more than once! Really great if item is misplaced around the house and you just can't find it. Wish the Tile ring was louder, but it's a trade-off for longer battery life in such a small object."
I hate the TILE. I have had my tile mate 3 weeks & I loved it for three weeks. My tile stopped working three days ago, I logged out deleted the tile app & downloaded it again. NOW I can't sign into my freaking account. says failed to sign in, i tried signing up for a new account says failed to log in.... It's so frustrating!!!! UGH What is the point of having a stupid product If you cant use it!!!!!!!! VERY FRUSTRATING!!!!
Lost my keys at a Cafe. It told me where they were last seen and I found them. Someone also found their keys because I walked past them and it alerted them to where they are. Pretty cool.
The Tile app/finder is the best of these things out there. I've tried several. That said, I really can't afford to replace them all every year. I wish they would offer this with replaceable batteries. The app also routinely closes itself on my phone. I'd like it to continue to work, even if the app is closed.
Said sign up failed but when I go to sign up on the website there is already an account registered to my email address, this app is a joke! What's the point in even having an account other than to track everything I do? Plus Facebook sign in, really? Sounds like another way for Facebook to steal my travel info instead of hacking my phone like they already do!
Unable to log in to the Android app. Tried multiple addresses and searched forums for solutions to no avail. Very unimpressed and will be returning to Target for a refund if I cannot get it resolved within the next day.
Have tried logging In and signing up with 5 different emails! Login keeps failing.. Haven't been able to use this app
Great when it works, but it usually doesn't work. It fails to locate my tile when it's sitting right next to my phone.
Unable to sign up. It continues to say "sign up failed". Looking to return if I can't sign up on any device: android, iphone or ipad. I need this to work asap and very disappointed.
it won't let me sign up. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it but it says signup failed...pointless to have if app dont work
Got a new phone. Uninstalled Tile from my old phone and installed tile on my new phone. Tried to sign in with my email and password. Sign in failed. Tried to reset my password wouldn't send link to my email. Totally locked out.
My tiles do not pair without registering at the server. My thought was that the device should help me not to loose my assets, like plain bluetooth tracker. Instead, the device and the app are used to track me by the server. Going to return my tiles back. A lot of open bluetooth trackers is on the market.
I love what the tile is dupposed to do but I'm having the exact same issues as angry tank. Can't get my phone to find the tile and cant get the tile to find my phone.
Stupid simple for both a 50 yo and my teen. Frustration reduction tool well worth the cost.
Purchased them for my girlfriend from the Tile site. Upon first time setup, all forms of signing up failed. Do not purchase these devices for yourself or anyone you care about. If 0 stars were possible, this company would receive it.
Great product and easy to use app. Since owning I've been able to find everything I've lost. Perfect for busy people who are always on the move and gives you leave of mind. A GPS tracker on the tile would be even better!
Bought 2 four packs, 8 total tiles. Running Android 7.0 on phone and tablet. Can't sign up or continue with Facebook. Things are basically worthless right now.
So far I've used it a bunch of times. One on my phone one on my keys. When your late,no time to look for anything Great idea.
Really like this app, and reTiled this morning. I had the same experiences in the past as other reviewers: intermittent and not really explicable connection losses. Rebooting the phone helped some, as did getting into the habit of checking Bluetooth status, but the problem is still present. I really wish there were explicit instructions for renewal. Google play intervenes and prevents me from entering my phone number, says the app is already installed, so if reTiling is supposed to download a new software version, I didn't get it. I'm stuck in a loop between Google App and the Tile's download instructions. If all this means is ignore the download and just switch out the physical Tiles, great. If it doesn't, I'll be posting info about whether the Tiles work. It would be better to be clear about how reTiling works, because the documentation is written for the first-time user. Otherwise, I'm delighted with this concept, and my critique doesn't mean I'm not happy overall. UPDATE: Complete details sent & problem resolved. Tiling again! :-)
Horrible app. Wanna spend 2 hours setting this POS? Thumbs down profuct...
Intermittent connection on Android 8 (Pixel 2 XL). Bit worrying when you need to find your keys
I, like others, am not able to sign up for an account. Hopefully this will be fixed soon.
Can't connect tiles. Continuously fails and I can't get the app to work with the tiles I already have. No customer service after office hours??? Really?
The tile was given as 8 presents to eight people I kept three for myself I am embarresed to think I gave a dud present to yhe people I love and care for Thanks for refund for 11..
I cant even get my phone to ring or give me notificatifications with this Tile.
Currently thinks I'm still somewhere else when clearly im not a week later.
Horrible waste of money cant even log on tried a restart and uninstall and reinstall what a wast
Hi, There is a bug with forgot password link, It doesn't send the reset email!
Cool idea, but it doesn't find my phone unless I have opened the app recent. My phone is my most commonly lost item which is why I bought the tiles.
I'm glad i found this in Amazon, great invention and very simple to use. thank you!
I think this app should have widget it would be nice and faster then opening up the app and finding the one u want idk I would like a widget hope that could be added
Would be a 5 star rating if the range was better and the tiles had GPS so that you can find them without having a BT connection
Just brought two and I can't sign up. I've tried a few times with no luck. I was super excited but will return them.
Helps me find them damn keys
Only good for keeping track of one tile my phone does a better job than this thing
It won't let me register app on my galaxy s9 plus. Cant use without registration.
Sometimes the finder on app won't search..it says waiting to connect. & it doesn't. When it does work it's all good of course.
Great for keeping track of lost items if you lose them a lot
3 stars because premium option not available for android
Finds my phone every time, as long as blue tooth is on
Doesn't work from far
Worst performing app and customer service makes the cable company look good..avoid.
Range is very good. I have one for my keys, and another for my wallet!
For me i don't like using this product
It is an efficient way to determine location of cars, children, keys, and wallets. Recommend highly.
I haven't been able to find anything across town
Can't be lost without it
Great long range signal to detect the tile. Great job Tile engineers.
Easy to use, super helpful and most of all amazing design
Could not signup
Cannot log in
I needed this.
I like having it....
Best investment ever.
Awesome!!
Love it!!
So grateful for this
Its great
Brilliant
Awesome
If the tile reliably did what it claims to do it would absolutely be a 5 star app. I bought four of them and have had them for about a week. The app routinely fails to find one or more of my keys / glasses / other keys when they are all within a metre or less. If I am looking for my keys 10 minutes before class I need reliability.
The Tile won't ring my phone if I click the button on the Tile. The app on the phone must be running, which 99 percent of the time it is not. However the app is more than happy to push a notification letting me know that my bluetooth is off and its recommended that I turn it back on. Feels like the app is holding me by a catch 22.
The first two I had were excellent and reliable. I purchased 4 more and they have been nothing but frustrating. Phone has no trouble seeing Tiles on map, but is never able to connect and 'ring' device when needed, even when I'm right next to them. Such a letdown.
I love it except for the fact that the tiles will randomly disconnect. If it weren't for that it would be perfect. It shows where they are on the map, though I have not tested the range for that, but you can change the tune it plays when you need to find it. I just wish it didn't disconnect because then they can't find your phone.
I received my tile it worked for two days and now it just no longer works. I didn't mistreat it almost just sat on a counter top. Work great right out of the box an it won't ring almost like it has no power or it is dead. Not happy with this product.
The tiles break, don't work when you need them too. Of the five tiles I've owned, one is still working, one works but doesn't make any sound, one is apparently synced to another device, and the others are just not visible.
I love this little tile, I have lost my keys 5 times since my daughter bought this for me on mother's day. I am looking to buy more for my purse, wallet, and believe it or not my sunglasses case, I lose them more than anything lol. Thank you so much to help me find my lost things. I'm so Happy
Once you get the tiles to activate they work great. The problem is getting the Tiles to activate. Installation & replacing Tiles is difficult because lack of document instruction with in the app. Says "easy app instructions". They have changed the name of your replaced tile with "(replaced) and then don't hide them, so it is confusing when the replacement tile doesn't show up until you close and reopen the app. With better documentation and replacement app functionality this would be 5 star app.
A tile can literally be touching your phone and the app will "search" for it for minutes until it gives up and doesn't find it. I don't know if the tile ran out of batteries or if there is some issue (I cannot tell from interface) but it seems like it just doesn't work
The sound isn't very loud. Will not connect to bluetooth on my Note 8. Would really love it to have an alarm, that if the device is disconnected it will send an alarm. This is day one of using the device, might have to send an update later.
I so wanted this to be the answer to my disorganization, but it just gives me a false sense of security. I've never once found my keys with this thing. Tonight it claimed to have found them, and I spent 20 minutes turning off everything in the house listening for the alarm. Finally found them in the couch, 3 feet from where I started my search, not making a sound. This was a waste of money.
It's great for a couple weeks. Then it's all downhill from there. My phone can be next to the Tile and it still won't connect. (Yes went thru all the troubleshooting). I'm thinking the battery has drained (after a month) but when I reached out to their support I need to wait a full year for a replacement with their program. Don't waste your time, look elsewhere and please let me know if you find something better. P.S. Their customer service is on par with AT&T
Absolute garbage, don't waste your money. Seemed to work great for about 2 weeks then wouldn't connect when right beside my phone. Tried to use it for the first time I really needed it today. Tried to open the app 8x and it wouldn't open!!! After reinstalling it the app told me my wallet was in the middle of the highway...several days ago...so apparently it disconnected randomly and so it's entirely useless when I need it.
When my grandkids come over, my remotes often "go missing". Not any more! One suggestion... Please include a couple of short strips of foam tape w each tile. I had some already or would have been a bit miffed about needing to buy an entire roll when I only needed a short strip. Other than that, great!
Cannot get the slim tile to recognise my phone. $99 down the toilet as jb hifi don't refund now the box is open. Expensive useless rubbish.
It's good. But I constantly have to open the app to re-pair the tiles. Gets annoying. And I'm gonna need a widget for my android. Idk how that's not a thing yet. Y'all crazy
This app sucks to many videos that tell you nothing important. Hips hone never refunded my money or gave me new chave to search all over to find dumbest things. should be at your finger tips in some kind of organization. Very disappointed in tile all the way around. Never could get a live person on the phone or help neve gort refund never got new tiles. You haven't followed through on anything. Switching to your com petitor they at least take care of their customers.
Set my phone down somewhere in the home and couldn't find it. Double clicked the button on the Tile to make the phone ring. Nothing. Double clicked it again. Nothing. Finally called my phone using another app and found it. Tile was useless for finding my phone, which was within 20 feet of the physical tile. Not recommended as dependable.
Amazing! I am usually very good with my stuff, but the odd time, my items might end up in a couch or misplaced elsewhere. This app is awesome, and the tiles have helped my confidence in finding my misplaced belongings!
Infrequent checks make it only useful if there are other tile users wherever you lost it. When I tried searching for my wallet it showed that two days before losing it, it had been in my house. Fortunately it had been at my workplace but I found it because of that good fortune, not because of my tile
There is no way to deactivate and reactivate a tile. Also the links to tech support are not valid in the application. So now I have a dead tile that I just took out of the box .. the app said activation was successful, however I am 3 in from the tile and for some reason the tile cannot be found. The application did say the activation failed, then two seconds later the application indicated that the activation was successful however the tile is dead and I can't really do anything with it in the application.
This app used to work, but now it just says "connecting" indefinitely. None of my tiles work anymore including brand new ones.
So far the only thing I wish was different was being able to have the phone app run in the background without having the actual tab open, like my clock or weather apps. But that's because I have a habit of swiping everything closed, and then I can't use the tile to find my phone (which is the real reason I bought one!). But I can get into the habit of leaving that open.
Worth its weight in Platinum. You'll never lose your keys again. Or your wallet. Even if you lose your muted phone in a dark house the tile comes through. Well done.
Really high quality stuff, extremely durable, easy to use and an innovative concept. Ive shown this off at school and everybody thinks its awesome, not to mention i lost my keys last week and regretted not having set it up on my new phone sooner
Disappointed, no rechargable or changeable battery options, these cost $50 AUD each justnto throw it away after a measly 12 months? Please make a QI enabled wireless rechargable one, if you want to keep ingress protection.
Game changer. I have lost key and or wallet from time to time and waisted precious time looking. Now I can focus on my day and waist little time for forgetfulness.
Since the last couple of updates, the tile doesn't really update. Like today, I can't find my keys and it's saying the last place it was seen was at the grocery store but they was in my purse lol
Tried to find a lost tile last night... Did not work until I actually found the tile and clicked on it a bunch of times :(
Amazing ability to find the things you need the most. Bluetooth enabled tiles help the customer really well. Only wish I had, was that they had ability to be gps enabled
Never connected after initial setup. Support links in the app don't work. No way to get a resolution. Update - spoke with support. They confirmed that it DOES NOT WORK WITH ANDROID. They are buying my tracker back from me.
Takes over an hour to connect to tile. Very poorly made app and the idea of Bluetooth always on kills your battery. Not worth buying.
It sucks you have to leave your Bluetooth and location on 24/7 to use. Drains your battery quick..need further blue tooth as well as a way to connect without lo action or booth on
It's hit or miss. Sometimes the location given for an item is a location from a couple hours ago even though it turns out the item is actually near by
I have 4 brand newTile Pro Series didn't work. I will request a refund. Very disappointment.
I have stopped being late to events because now I can find my car keys!!
It fails to connect with my Android phone. Every attempt to do that proved abortive! It sucks!!!
The app keeps crashing on my Android 7.0 Galaxy S6 Edge
This is going to be on my drone so I can locate it.
Overall very good- but there could be a huge improvement with a widget! If I could quickly find my tile from the homepage, that would be great
I have an older version of the app on another device that pairs easily. This new version won't pare on my new phone. I hve the simple key time
Very easy to use. Love it. First day of purchase but I've tested it and even works finding my phone when I've removed the app from running in background.
Only works half the time. Waste of money
This so great!!! I constantly lose my keys and phone.... Now it's so easy to find them. Makes my life much easier.
Stopped working - crashes on start up
I use this app to track my cats & it works well. Great device for the price.
After update the app, the tile is nearby to phone but couldn't ring the tile. Previous version able to ring the even the bluetooth off.
Doesn't work, and badly designed
took forever to connect and fund the Tile even when it's just next to the phone.
Needs a separation feature to keep you from leaving your items somewhere.
It's pretty cool. It helps me find stuff.
Simple to setup! App is smooth and intuitive to use. Already saved my butt a couple of times.
Stop losing your keys and phone...I'm putting one in my wallet
Very good tracking, especially the Tile Pro Sport. Much better experience with Tile than with Trackr.
Amazing service. Saved my ass more times than I could tell you
Used to work great. Now it doesn't run in the background and my tile can't find my phone.
Great idea - does not work my tile never rings when lost - never stays connected
I'd lose my house without this. I have like 6 tiles.
I'm looking forward to picking up more tile then my KeySmart Pro with tile.
This app has saved me so much time helping me locate my keys!!
It won't work
Totally love it and cause I'm about to use it I was sent here and its worth the praise aloha
Helped me locate my cat. I put it on her collar. Works great!
Connects to the newer tiles better, works great most of the time. Thanks Tile
My tiles won't connect anymore
Tracking is spot on best thing since a P.I
Paid for itself first time..
Great app I needed this for so long. I recommend it to anyone I know
Works pretty well to find lost objects in my vicinity.
Use it all the time
Good thing to play with!
Widget? Lock screen widget?
Works great! Best option available
b'If used correctly, what a great gadget ??'
Works as designed just needs to be louder
Love it just wished the ringer was louder
No issues. Does what it's supposed to do.
Could be louder
Works extremely well. I recommend.
I liked it. Works perfectly for me.
Love it love it!!!!!
Very very cool and useful
Good. Found keys twice.
Yessssss
Works great.
b'????'
Great app
Location can be very misleading. I left my wallet at home today, I have noticed that I didn't have it on me when I got to work (about 2 miles away). Checked the app and it said that it was last seen about 1 minute ago near my work. I went looking for it, didn't find it, phoned home and was told that the wallet and the tracker were there...
The tile devices work well. The features in the are good, and the app interface is OK. The problem is even if I don't open the app it uses a lot of battery. The last few updates have caused the app to use 25% of my battery on days I never opened or used my Tile app. I have had to force close the app to keep it from draining my battery to 0 by mid afternoon. Very disappointed.
Works when it wants to and not when you need it to.. Ive toggled the bluetooth on and off and made sure my phone and app were up to date.. A waste of 30 dollars for a light paper weight. I HATE IT, I want my money back and if I can find a loophole to SUE the creator I WILL
I got one free from a tech support app when we upgraded my husbands phone. Too bad we didn't have one last summer when he lost his keys. We are now a 2 tile family and will probably get more
I bought two tiles a month ago. One is for my truck keys and the other for work keys and they BOTH have difficulty connecting. Obviously the moment you need your keys is when you've gotta go and are in a rush, so watching the Tiles on the app load infinitely on several occasions can be aggravating. The app is very useful, however the hardware needs some work.
Do not like these things. They were a waste of 60 dollars. Not loud at all, terrible at finding stuff, have to pay extra to get cases to have on your keychain. I'm not very satisfied.
This is more about the product than the app. Since the 2nd gen came out they are complete garbage. Don't work when you need them to. Had the first gen one and it was great. Made the mistake of buying the 4 pack with the slims. I had the slim in my wallet it never worked when I needed it to. Leave it out of my wallet all of a sudden it works. The small one is hit and miss. Now it's saying it's ringing and I don't hear a thing. I am close enough to change the ringtones but can't hear them. Don't buy this product. Not worth the cash or headache.
I got these things to help me when I misplace keys or wallet. 3 times now I have pressed the find function and 3 times there was no alarm sounding. Yes, I tested the bluetooth and connections. The signal is terrible. Good idea, no follow through on product. Good thing the batteries will expire.
Worked fine the day I got it and after that, nothing. My keys are in my pocket and I left to go to work and I wanted to try it out and it said my keys were still at home. This product and app are a joke.
I shouldn't have to open the app to mark my tile as found- instead, an interactive notification should pop up, that lets me stop the ringing. The app is somewhat janky and doesn't feel very performant. When I mark my tile as found, it continues ringing for several seconds, and then, the app shows a busy animation for several seconds more.
This is soooooo great!!! I've honestly needed this for so long and am glad I got to use it, I always lose things and this has made that issue very simple. I even was able to ring my wallet at a party and found it ringing in someone's pocket and was able to retrieve before they left and got away with it!! So I just wanted to leave an awesome comment (which I never do) because this has honestly been one of the best things I have spent my money on and I hope anyone interested in it reads this and knows that's if you have problems with losing things like me that this is the exact thing for you!
So far it's great, just the down side is that u have to buy a new one after 1 year because the battery isnt replaceable. It's been a week and I hope it will actually work for a year!!!
1 star. It was great with my iphone. I switched to a Samsung S8+ and it will never pick up the Tile Pro even when it is literally right next to the phone and I will get a notification that my tile has been found when I found it an hour earlier, no thanks to tile. When you fix this I will change back to 5 stars.
Awesome. I can't believe so many friends don't know about it. I must have stupid friends.
The app works great. Easy setup with the Tiles. It'll notify you if you turn off bluetooth. The little range finder is great as you look for the singing tile you can get a visual clue for how close you are.
One of the worst app i have ever seen. I dont recommend this to anyone. Its not working properly from the day one. I am unable to ring or find my phone with this tile.
This has saved my butt so MANY times...has paid for itself on many levels
They knowingly sell you a product that doesn't work with android!
Only the iOS app can disable "Find My Phone". When I put my keys in my pocket, the button activates frequently. I guess I have to fix it myself by taping hard plastic over the button. Thanks for nothing.
Works as advertised! It is the best. ....don't mess around with cheaper imitations.
Perfect device with a simple app love you can change your tone as well wonder if we could use our own music
Needs a widget that I can place on my home screen to trigger a specific tile without opening the app.
b"Phenomenal! My Tile enables me to find the two items I loose and misplace the most, I'm in LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, WITH MY TILE??????????????"
I can rest now knowing I can find my keys in the morning!
I like this app it has saved me tome
Once I took the app out of power save mode it works great
Can't even connect from like 5 feet away under a pile of clothes.
Every time I use my tile to ring my phone it never does!
Location isn't always accurate
Tile will not connect to my phone.
I really enjoy it because I can find my phone and what ever you have the tile attached to.
The app is very large and I'm not sure why.
1 of the 4 tiles I have wont sync.
Work as in description, just needs to be louder and not so many emails
Very helpful for finding keys, phones and wallets plus much more
Was working fine but now won't connect to any tiles
My best tool yet! GOT one for best friend
Sound is really soft but w/e
It is quite amazing. Never lose antging again!!!!
Best app ever!!!!
I love it <3
Great tracking experience
Works great
Very helpful
Super helpful
Works great
Awesome
After past Android update the app crashes ever 2-3 minutes. Had to uninstall...... Now useless
Latest update only crashes on my s9
When I run the app, it all works fine but after some time, my S7, when I double click my new Tile, will not ring till I restart the app. All permissions are set to On? Not much good if the notifications won't work all the time. Unless I am doing something wrong, this makes the Tile just a pretty key fob.... Some help please..
On my Pixel2 XL I almost never can connect to the nearby times without first restarting my phone. The app detects the tile bring nearby but fails to actually connect to it and make it ring. I have several tiles if different types and they all have the same problem. I have many other Bluetooth devices that I regularly connect to my phone and none of them have connectivities issues.
You have to rebuy every year! Battery is soldered in so you can't replace it, and you are force to buy new tiles. My tiles still chirp so they work, but app will not find them, just tells me to buy new ones. LAME!
Battery sucker. This app is in constant running state and prevents phone from sleeping. How on earth is this even acceptable to so many? Drain extra 4% or more every hour from this app alone. This is almost like watching video non-stop.
Love using tile! I'm one of those people who constantly puts my things down in obvious places and misplace them temporarily. So when getting ready for work it can be frustrating. I'm glad I have it to cut down on wait, and frustration!
I wish I could recommend these. But I just can't right now. I keep testing them out when my items are nearby, and nothing. They just... Sit there "connecting." I am looking right at the tracker. Nothing. Who knows how useful it would be if I actually lost one of them. When I rebooted my phone they connected right away... And everything worked fine. But... I shouldn't have to do that every time I want it to connect.
Bought 3 days ago, already used to find keys that fell out of pocket. Simple, easy app. tilw ringer is nice and loud, but I feel it could use a bright LED flasher. Where I dropped my keys was a pretty loud roadside environment, could only make out the ringer from about 10' away.
Tried this last year was not happy with it. Then my tile went dead. So I thought I would give it another shot. Good concept but it never works unless the gps on my phone is on. I never keep it because it just drains the battery. I thought it would work with Bluetooth. I can have the phone and tile next to each other the phone won't find the tile and the tile won't find the phone.
What the hell happened to this formerly great app??!! Two generations on it barely works! How can you throw your early reputation into the gutter? For what? Cheaper dongles, or whatever. Appalling!
Good but not perfect. I really like this but for some reason, when I double press the tile button on my key ring, my phone doesn't ring. I can get my phone to ring when using my tablet, and get my tablet to ring when using the phone. I would give 5 stars in if it wasn't for this one problem.
I've had two tiles die in less than 6 months. The support page has absolutely no way to contact the company. Even reviews here refer the users to an unpublished email address. Not impressed.
Does not work unless you are holding your phone and keys at the same time. I have lost my phone many times since i got my tiles and they have not helped AT ALL. I have been walking aroind my house, where i know my keys are, for over an hour and it won't do anything at all. I have an s8 for anyone wondering in case my phone just has bad bluetooth but im pretty sure its not my phone.
I love Tile - it's something I've needed for years - but my tile frequently fails to update its location. For obvious reasons, this makes it a great deal less useful. Even when bluetooth and my location services are on and the tile is within five feet of my phone on my phone, tile it fails to register. Today, Tile didn't update when I left work. A few days ago, it disn't update when I left the gym. Each time, it was next to my phone in the car with bluetooth and location services each engaged. Is there any way to fix this?
App bug???? It's only good when YOU LOSE the (keysmart) But if you lose your phone...85% of the time *bluetooth are ON* The (keysmart) won't find the phone. so DONT lose your phone because keysmart will be useless.
I love tile. I lose my keys all the time. I lose my wallet (at home) all the time. I lose my phone all the time. If I can find any 1 of these items, I can find the rest. Use it on a daily basis. My girlfriend uses her tile on her key fob in her purse to find her phone 24/7. Great app, great product. Is it weird to say I am excited to lose something away from home, just so I can track the item and retrieve it
Had this for over a year and it constantly hounded me to turn on my location. When I finally tried to use it to locate my keys on the house, the battery in the tile was dead. Good idea; but failed on engineering and user friendlyness.
I lose things just...ALL the time. This app helps me not be late for work spending twenty minutes looking all over the house for my keys. Keep in mind, you have to be at least somewhat near your keys to have the sound go off, but it's basically just a game of hot and cold with the tile app until you reach the right room they're in, and then your app will let you know that you can set the sound off by clicking "Find" to find them. Either way, way easier than finding them on your own.
Unreliable for finding phone. The Tile Pro does not consistently stay connected to the phone. There have been times where I'm trying to find my phone which has falling in the couch where I'm literally 5' away from it and can't trigger the phone
Great product! But plz make it able to connect and be tracked more easily and accurately. But for the money its the beat damn tracker I've used! Thank you tile!
Good App. Very useful. Shame they die so quick (around 12-15 months). Sort of wish they were rechargable. Couldn't live without it now. Hooked!
On the Pixel 2 XL, and I'm dumbfounded they haven't fixed the issues between Tile and Android. I can't locate my tiles nor can I add new tiles.
Great tool... tagged keys, big dog, AirPad, luggage, backpack and more. Have two weather proof tags, thin and mate; 8 all together. Caution on setup. Setup was easy. But I did not put things next to my wifi as instructed so I had to repeat the process several time due to missing an instruction. Take your time and you will not waste your time. I use the tags at home, away from home and on long trips for luggage, backpack, AirPad and keys. Nice to see my luggage is on the conveyer even before I spot my black bag with all the look alike bags. Especially when TSA removed my big red green strap and stuffed it inside my suitcase.
I got my tile as a Christmas gift worked fine for like a month which I didn't use it every day now it doesn't work I looked for my keys for 10 minutes the rings were green the whole time soon as I found the it started ringing this morning it didn't work at all
Love the tile. Lame I need to buy them every year.
The tiles work okay, but the app kills the product, if you ever turn your Bluetooth off reconnecting the tiles afterwords is more times then not a Hassel to reconnect them, when an update comes out for the app the tiles disconnect until the app is updated, as well as one of the tiles has been disconnected for about a month now and it will not reconnect
I just bought this today and it paired,but I clicked the button twice to make my phone ring. Guess what. It didn't work. I removed my phone and tried to add it again using the tile mate one and when I hole it the thing never rings or pairs and my Bluetooth is on
Uninstalling a reinstalling after a few days solved the crashing issue I experienced on my Pixel 2 xl. Now works as expected.
I'm really disappointed with the amount of battery this app uses. I haven't done the math but before installing in my Pixel 2, I would have around 65% at the end of the day. Now I have to put it on the charger in the early evening or it's dead before bedtime.
Tile does not work most of the time. Won't ring phone ever, phone cannot locate it 9 put if 10 times. I have a Pixel 2 with latest updates. I'm just throwing my tile, which I got as a gift, in the trash.
It only works sometimes, even with app running in the background. The actual button on the tile works poorly requiring several tries. Not sure why this system is so highly rated.
Horrible .. Save your Money. When you need it the app or tile crashes or can't find your keys . When I found my keys ( no help from tile) I tested it . I can have my keys next to my phone and search . Nothing. 90% time it doesn't locate them
This app sucks. It just says connecting for 10 minutes to a tile and that's it. I spent $40 on my tiles to use a crappy app that doesn't even work
The Bluetooth connection is constantly lost or fails to connect or disconnects, the app crashes a lot, or I can't get it to connect to the Tile, the tile dies way too quick, can't replace battery, terms of service are not consumer friendly, costly, can't track remaining battery life (so it's dead when I actually need it, Tile can remotely disable the device without warning, etc. So I'm moving on.
This item does not work as advertised. I placed the item in my car and the only time i can locate my vehicle is when i get right to the door. Refund requested.
Only works 20% of the time. I can be right next to my phone, and it doesn't ring it. Wish I could get money back
It never shows my tile in the correct spot, it says it updated 3mins ago but its showing where i was 3 weeks ago
I lost my last item using a competitor product from Walmart. Tile is the best I've used so far. Nut isn't bad and is more cost effective but Tile has the most polish and has been rock solid so far.
Randomly will lose connection with my tile sport. The only fix is to restart my device. Kinda sucky
Great functionality! Wish I could use w/ just bluetooth and "battery saver" location instead of GPS. I think cell towers and WiFi are sufficient enough to pinpoint the location of a tile.
I loose my things all the time. But not anymore thanks to Tile!
The app can be confusing. Everyone I add a new tile. I have to learn how to change settings.
I really like my tile it works great, but not having a replacement Battery is a huge turn off. Had I not received one as a gift I probably would not have bought one
One year life battery and then what ? Forced to buy a new one ? Very inconvenient .
First take your time at first not usually friendly first change to ringtone now this device Works superb recommend it for anyone and a photo helps others what you looking for :-)
Latest update only crashes on my Nexus 6.
It keeps crashing now on my gs9. No idea why. I've reinstalled it twice.
Awesome product that's worth the money. It makes my hectic mornings a little faster and that's what I needed
Replaceable battery would be preferable. I wouldn't buy this all over again. I shouldn't have to either.
Great product I put it on my drone to locate in case it crashes or gets lost
I am a forgetful guy and this make my life not only easy but a lot more organized. Thank yo.
When I needed it the app crashed.
Battery hog. Intentionally targets an older api so it doesn't have to follow new battery/notification rules.
It works most of the time. Sometimes it couldn't register a new tile right away
Current version constantly crashing..
The only thing I would improve is the volume could be a lot louder
Tile is not only useful but it's also kind of fun thank you
The Tile community helped find my lost keys, thank you!
Suddenly started eating my battery....may have to remove....otherwise very useful.
Could not live without it. I use it everyday to find keys.
Has helped me find my wallet and keys every time I "lose" them
I use it to find my phone more than my keys. Its been a life saver.
b'A awesome app for those who lose everything ?? this app'
The app works well but there are some bugs that could be improved.
I now where my mom
Tile rules!!
Amazing tool! Love it!
Easy to download and great to use with a classy looking cube Thanks
Requires a Facebook login
Too early to tell
Works most of the time
Love this product. Hope I never need to use it though.
Much better than a TrackR. The Tile always works.
I love it but sometimes it does not work.
Awesome way to find my list keys, phone, etc
b'Awesome find your phone and your keys all in one ??'
Never rings my phone, completely useless
Thanks!
Just an added piece of mine and a time saver.
Great tech, but need to be rechargable.
Solid app
Like this app very useful
Yeet
Works
Amazing!
Very helpful
Works great
Simple to use
Good products
great
Awesome
Perfect
This update appears to have resolved the connection issue! Yea! This app has saved me much time in the past. So glad it is working well again. Have (thankfully) never had to use the extended network because something was that lost, but did get a notification that I helped someone else find an item. Good feeling!
4 tile limit!!! WARNING This is hidden from you so that you'll buy more, but you can only use 4 max. The new ones will not connect or ring at all. They also will not ring your phone. - Thanks for your response to my review. This is something that should be made clear before the purchase of too many tiles. I feel duped, like I wasted my money on something I can't even unregister and save as a future replacement.
Picked it up at my local Verizon store and it was dead on arrival. No sound and unable to link even with the assistance of the Verizon staffer. I was offered a two pack instead with singles sold out but without an idea of original battery life I declined.
Edit: it isn't finding my Tiles despite them being no more than 20 feet away from me Improvements needed: 1. Allow us to see the Tile battery level from the app 2. Allow us to at least choose which Tiles we want to be able to remove from the phone without having to email them 3. Allow us to be able to get a new Tile for no more than $5 per Tile, it's your guys' fault for not being smart and giving us the option to have a removeable battery 4. If we can't easily transfer remove Tiles, add a chat option within the app to talk with a representative so we can transfer them within the same day
Really disappointed in the connectivity. Unless the tile app is open, it doesn't work when trying to find my phone from my keys. Also doesn't work when my phone locks. That's pretty much any time you lose the phone. I would appreciate some help on resolving this issue
at first it was awesome. I could track my dog anywhere. bought a new phone, and now I can be 10 yrds away and it can't find him with my new phone or old phone. I know they are certain Android versions exp issues but my old phone shouldn't be. fix this issue with ZTE blade Max and you get 5 stars
Revised review, the app has greatly improved since my last review. It has greatly improved on both usability and connectivity. Despite the improved app I will not be replacing any of them this coming year. I'll be looking for a different brand. One died, can not just replace battery so I should buy a new one for the cost of a 50 cent battery? I don't think so.... Revised again: update to their software today. Out of 4 tiles, the tile app only finds one. All 4 are only 8 feet away sitting next to each other. No doubt I'm switching brands now. Devices that don't connect are worthless. 11 months and 4 say they need replacing, the 5th is dead. $100 to replace them? I don't think so. I can find the tiles about 50% of the time if I fool around turning on/off Bluetooth, going in and out of the app, and waving my phone over the tile while saying a prayer. Junk, that's it going in the trash so I can't waste my time trying to make them work.
Great concept, great product when it works, unfortunately mine hardly ever works. I have to uninstall and reinstall every time I wish to use Tile. Sometimes this is just as frustrating as looking for my keys
SUCKS!!!!! I just bought this today. I opened it up less then 1 hour ago and think the battery is already DEAD. It says to push on the tile button and it will sing a nice song. I pushed on the button waiting for the song 20 different times waiting for the song. NO SONG. I left the screen twice during that time and came back on. STILL NO SONG. BATTERY HAS TO BE ALREADY DEAD with in the hour of opening it. No worry, I already emailed you about a complaint of this garbage. Also took back to the stores dumpster and finding how to close this account.
I'm giving it a 3/5 because I'm in Chile right now and lost my wallet! nobody else here really owns a tile and it would be REALLY NICE for me to be able to find it by having tile submit to me a location of where it is, rather than have me be 100ft away. I'm really nervous as that has my ID in it! Edit: I contacted the Tile team and they were incredibly helpful. they sent me a replacement Tile free of cost for my troubles. updated to 5 stars, as the tile team was very considerate and patient with me.
Doesn't connect to my tiles and my keysmart reliably. Can never ring my keysmart or locate from my phone. Tiles work only about half the time and usually take two tries.
Never connects, tiles run flat quickly and they charge for more. Very wasteful company. Much better ones out there.
This product is a great idea and works. But I have an issue... when the battery died I found out you can't replace just the battery. They want you to buy a new tile. That's insane. No way will I do that. And if you read the reviews I'm obviously not the only one complaining about the battery issue. Your customers read your reviews... maybe you should too. So let me tell everybody just because they say you can't replace the battery doesn't mean you can't replace the battery. If you take a small sherp object and go around the groove you can remove the glue and separate the two pieces. Then you can replace the 3 volt battery inside. Like I did. Thank you customer service for not help we will help ourselves.
Helps me fine by keys although sometimes it will tell me they are nearby but can't connect or make them ring. Tech support is good, they replaced one of my tiles without much of a headache.
Don't waste your money. Couldn't hear the tile in a bag less than ten (10) feet from my phone, and the battery lasts a year and is not user replaceable. Oh I forgot the app uses up your phone's battery real fast. Was given to me as a gift. In the drawer and app deleted. the
Nice App, good concept , in-operable equipment. Looks/feels like it wouldn't last. Non-replaceable battery .....mine never did anything.
I think it's dumb to pay for a tile just to have it expire and support never help you when your tile doesn't work except for telling you to buy a new tile or you qualify for a retile that you have to pay for again and deal with the same thing. Such a waste of money, it should be you buy it once and it continuously works.
The Hardware is okay, the customer support is non-existent. I ordered a retile after one year, but they must have sent me an old one because it stopped working after 2 months and I cannot contact anyone at the company about this. They have no phone number, they say to do online chat, but I can't find a link to chat anywhere
This blows my old XY tracker out of the water. The app is better and the Tile is far more consistent at staying connected with a ton more range.
Recent update appears to have solved most of the problems which meant tiles were being reported in wrong locations. Bit all appears ok now.
Awesome app/locator system, if one understands it's inherent limitations. No connection issues with my Pixel 2. Brilliant setup and design, and the Tile Pro is durable and rugged. 5*, would recommend.
I'm always going babe where's my keys and now I don't have to do that anymore I'm self-sufficient and my girlfriemd is worried that i dont need her anymore. I want more to pair with things like my wallet and bag Thank you Tile
Device connectivity is poor. Used to connect to my Note 4 no issues with bluetooth. Now on my Note 8 I've had replacement after replacement because they die and you have to have the app open to either find your phone or tile. This is getting ridiculous and I am currently researching alternate options.
TILE MATE works well if sending (PHONE to TILE). But sending (TILE to PHONE), you will need to DISABLE all phone LOCKSCREEN settings (PIN/Fingerprint/Shape), for it to work. The TILE support helpline confirmed that this WAS the case. Connectivity can ONLY be two way, at the expense of security.
Doesn't work on the latest version of Android. Keeps saying connecting but does not connect. Useless.
Easy to use, set up was super simple. Now I can find all my things (and the s.o can't get grouchy anymore)
b'App not working on Android 7.0 via Facebook login. Keeps saying login fail on 2 different devices. Unable to use my tiles ??'
The tile sucks. It has now stopped ringing completly and only rings when you pick up keys. Spent 20 minutes looking for keys. Avoid at all cost
Bought a few TILES for my 80 year old dad who suffers from dementia and keeps misplacing his wallet and keys. Lifesaver and saves a lot of stress as his carer.
I would like it alot better if it would give me correct places where my things are...truck key and phone with my boyfriend but says truck key is one place but phone shows different place does not update
My tile isn't functioning properly or something... I don't know what the problem is. My phone will be in a location 2 miles from the location the app indicates the phone is located... It isn't accurate. I'm not at all happy with the results.
The Android version on a Samsung s8 is not efficient at all, lag to find Tiles, lag to be useful really, it is a different story on iPhone 6, pretty efficient works well, not the case with a Samsung s8, the iPhone detect the tiles before. I do not even want to try it on another Android phone.
The app itself is ok but the Tile is too quiet in its application (inside a wallet) I have used it a few times and each time I have found the wallet before I have heard the Tile. Maybe they need to improve the product.
This app has not resolved connection issues. After repeat testing, found that their Tile app is not functioning because it will always lose the Bluetooth connection to the phone within 1 to 2 days. In my test the tile mate and app would fail 100% in 3 days. 40% in 2 days. And about 1 out of 10 tests the 1st day. I continued to try working and solving the problem when I was told multiple time that they are sorry that it doesn't meet my expectations: --Ina (Tile Customer Care) emailed me Mar 2, 6:28 PM PST after a new complaint; instead of resolving the problem"I am sorry to hear that our products does not meet your expectations." and suggested I contact feedback. --(09:12:18 PM) Dine @ Tile: Sorry if Tile doesn't meet your needs. Now the ringing of the tile doesn't even work. I lost my keys and they are somewhere in a store, but it just will not ring even if connected. Also the proximity meter does nothing to tell you how close you are. I'm either connected, near, or not connected. They refuse to return my money as they continue to give me the run around. I recommend that your return this product ASAP before you find out later it barely works
Not sure if it is the app or the hardware, but it will not pair with my phone. I will be returning the tile and uninstalling the app.
Does not work when needed the most. Lost my phone in a stranger's house and was unable to locate it with the tile.
The old ones were a lifesaver the newer tile looks slick but doesn't always ring. It knows it is nearby but the ringer works sometimes and not others.
Got this as a present don't know how long the presenter had it but when trying to get tiles recognized doesn't play a tune and never recognizes tile maybe battery is dead ?
DO NOT BUY!! Soldered battery. Must replace entire unit each year. Will not support a company as unethical and greedy as this.
Just been reading reviews all the replys from tile seem to be the same their must be a robot answering no wounder no one gets back to ya mine is still looking for my phone even though if got tile on my keys as one guy says bin .
Does really work in entire house. Have to be in pretty close proximity to keys in order to ring them. It is very very helpful though for someone who loses their keys frequently!
Junk. Will NOT connect to my note 8, or s5. Both are android 7.1
Really realy helpful in finding lost items. I realized later that bluetooth has to be on despite the app indicates that it is finding the item. So keep bluetooth on!!
Bad: No search phone if the title app is not open.
Doesn't find tiles on Pixel 2. Sharing the tile with an iPhone user found the tile instantly. Fix it. March 2018
Total waste of money. These things just don't work.
THIS APP SUCKS IT CARES MORE ABOUT ADDING NEW TILES THAN FINDING ANYTHING BOOOOOO
Rarely works when you need it. Always just says connecting, and then tells you the tile was seen 5mins ago, but doesn't actually ring!
How about instead of remembering another account log in password I just remember where my keys are...
The app is great tiles themselves need to be louder or have the app increase the volume if that's possible I'm not sure but needed to be louder
Works about 1/3 of the time. Not dependable.
Lose your items and find them that simple. Dont overcomplicate it they are bluetooth. Your phones gps location shows the last location it had signal.
Great helps me keep track of my keys when I come in late at night half asleep
b"I don't like this, it's bad. It simply doesn't work. \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f"
Had keys in pocket, tried to locate with phone in hand and couldn't locate keys. Got as a gift luckily didn't waste money on it
Amazing, it makes my life so much easier when I lose things!
Tile works great if you are near the lost itme. Howevee, if you arent, forget it... youll never find it.
Handy for anyone with a proclivity for misplacing small items: phones; wallets; keys etc.
It finds ALS people if you attach a tile to them if they wander
Saves me loads of time searching when my son decides to play hide and seek with my keys!!!
sometimes not working well, can't find object even in really short range.
Brand new tile won't connect, support not working, no phone # to call
I say that Tile is the best item for any lost or missing stuff that always keep to ourselves. :)
Wireless great, easy to set up. Anyway used it twice after the 1st week.
Where have you been all my life, love this product and app!
At Disneyland and put them on the kids.
I have yet to really use it but so far it's been really easy and I like it so far so
Smarter than me at times!
Good, but I wish that I could change the frequency that it searches for the tile.
Simple and easy to use. Love the choice over running while closed or not.
Perfect for me, after a long weekend :) ...shoot where's my wallet
So cool! Love when u can find keys in a jiffy!
Has been a Godsend
Simply brilliant tech.
Best location finder of all of the location finder products out there!
Love beling able to fine my keys!
I think this is awesome and works very well
It's okay it's okay
Yay... found it!
Great way to find my stuff!!
Just got and so far so good.
Tile is a travelers best technology toy
Use it frequently
Seems ok
Great with a few fixes needed.
Just what I needed!
It work good.
Love this app!!!!!!
AWSOME!!!
I love it
Great
Perfect
Love it
Wonderful in theory, and when they work I'm so glad I have them. Connecting to the lost item sometimes takes much longer than it should. Basically I use it when I have a general idea of where my keys are but can't pinpoint the exact location so I listen for it. Works awesome for finding my phone though, don't have to wait for any green circle... just double click and it rings.
Had to replace 2 of the 4 tiles because they quit working, twice. The one on my keys would get pressed in my pocket and ring my phone at FULL volume at the most inconvenient times. Can't just click the tile again to turn it off. The few times used to find things would've taken less time to just look for it.
Not useful at all, waste of money. Lost my wallet this morning used the app to search for it, it never connected. After 30 mins found it on my own and held the phone literally right next to the tile in the wallet and it still wouldn't connect. What's the point of having this if it can't compete a simple Bluetooth connection?
It work, somewhat, but ever since I installed this app, my battery life has tanked dramatically. The Tile concept itself is fairly useless, as it doesn't track unless it's physically close and already connected to the tile. If the last time the app was connected to a tile was days ago in a location miles away, then the Tile moved while not connected, how does that help you find it? It needs location and Bluetooth turned on to *maybe* find your lost item, then sucks the battery by running constantly in the background
App works fine for locating and ringing the tile but god damn I wish I could turn off that stupid "Bluetooth is off!" Notification. I know Bluetooth is off. I turned it off. For the 700th time I DON'T CARE. I know tile won't work until I turn it back on again, STOP TELLING ME.
My dad and I both have trouble with losing our keys and Tile is amazing for helping! I also have trouble with losing my phone, so the added ring feature is a great add on. I just got the Tile Style and I love how much smaller and rugged it is, even though the signal range is stronger!
Tile has save me a tremendous amount of time and trouble when it comes to locating my keys and my devices. It is very accurate! It's also very handy the devices will ring even when set to silent. The only complaint I have is that when mobile devices are set to power saving mode, you must open Tile App in the background because it will not automatically open by itself when you press the button on the Tile. Other than that, this is a phenomenal product and a very functional app!
Trying to figure why my 2 tile pros are reporting as low on battery after only having them for 2 months. Thoughts? I really wasn't happy with the older white (Mate) tiles. They never worked for me at all. So I took a chance and upgraded to the tile pro, and they are so much better. They actually work in my house and have good range and loud volume!
Great idea... but they keep disconnecting. Also the ring tones are too low. You can barely hear the slim one once its in your purse with your purse in your hand. The tiles also disconnect if your mobile goes flat. And the need to keep location on and your mobile running at full battery means that your battery is more likely to go flat. Great idea, really needs to iron out the bugs and make them louder. Wish the standard one came in black.
The low rating is not for the application. The application is one of the best for this purpose. However if you need to contact customer service for a failed tile, good luck... I'm going back to Trackr to help keep track of my cats.
Great utility but really poorly designed app. Small things like text not fitting in line make the experience poor. I know I am one of the minority that expect of high quality design and weigh experience more over utility.
Apparently Tile does not support notifications for losing connection/proximity on Android. As I use the Keysmart, which requires monthly charging, not getting a notification for the battery dying makes this product pretty useless. I lost my keys 5 days after my battery died, and had no way of knowing where they were because I didn't know I needed to charge it. This feature is supported on iOS, so it's pretty frustrating to not have that feature parity on Android.
It has worked well since I got it. Is it true that I need to purchase a new one when the battery dies? Seems like a big waste if this is true. Wish the alarm is a little louder. Otherwise I'm satisfied
This device and app is pretty much worthless. Once installed you have to have have the app running or it won't talk to the device. If you close your apps or restart your phone the app isint running therefore making it useless as it won't work with the device. I have a knockoff device that works when the app has been closed. For me this is a deal breaker.
Latest release crushed my battery, I never opened the app and in Android settings it said tile used 12% of my battery (way more than any other app by twice as much)
Does not ring misplaced phone in home. Only way to get a tile to ring phone is to first find phone, then open tile app. Then and only then does phone ring when pressing a tile button. Same goes for finding a tile from phone. Must first find your keys. Then turn off Bluetooth. Turn Bluetooth Back on. Then tile app on phone may ring tile. Rinse repeat. five times over the past two months trying to locate either my car keys or my phone when trying to find them on my way to work, all my tile mates fail to ring my phone and phone fails to ring tile mate. tile customer service responds with typical nonsense. i.e. 1) make sure you have our latest app version yesterday's version is the cause, you must have today's version. 2) just have a configuration error please uninstall and reinstall our app . 3) your phone must be in power save mode please make sure that you are not in power save mode 4) something else must be wrong with your phone so please power off your phone and reboot your phone . 5) your Bluetooth stack must be out of whack . Please turn off your Bluetooth and then turn your Bluetooth back on. of course tile company has many excuses for the complete failure of their device to help you find either your keys or your phone when you're late for work and want to leave your house. none of their "suggestions" are in the least bit helpful for a device that is supposed to be a utility to make your life easier in locating your miss placed keys or your misplaced phone . Tile is a complete waste of money total failure of a product sold in the guise of helping you uncomplicate your life by finding misplaced keys phone wallet. save yourself the aggravation and waste of money . don't buy this product.
Terrible battery draining app. It consistently is the highest battery draining app on the device. Also uses 500+ MB of storage space. Tile should have settings that are more battery and storage considerate.
I'm forever misplacing my glasses case but after attaching tile to it I no longer have to waste time hunting for it. I literally save myself ten to fifteen minutes each day. One thing I would like to see is integration with Android Wear so I can locate my tile using my watch.
People don't waste your time with this. Over 50% of the time it never find what you're looking for. And that's being generous. I guess if all the planets are aligned right it will find it. But seriously, most of the time it doesn't. For example if you're looking for your phone, it will find it if you open the app on the phone. Well hell, by then you've already found the phone. I've been using this silly things for about four or five years and this is the last year. This thing has cost me more time fiddling with it and try to trying to figure out why it's not working. Repairing and the whole nine yards. I spent 30 minutes tinkering with it yesterday thinking oh well, now maybe it's fixed. Well today my phone was in the other room so I squished the tile twice and of course it didn't find it. Too bad if you've already bought the tile. Don't buy another one.
Only works with bluetooth and Wi-Fi. I dont really see the point. I feel like i was scammed. It does not feel like they clearly advertise what they are selling.
The tile doesn't update enough to keep track of things I lose. I was looking for my wallet that had a tile in it, and it said that my wallet's location was updated 9 days ago.
Liked it in the past. Just too many Bluetooth connection problems. And impossible to manage tiles properly.
Please find a way to start the application service on the background. Now when I not manually open the application after a reboot and leave it in the background else the Tile &gt; Phone alerting won't function.
Great device! Does what it promises BUT... Would like to see an improvement. Can we have a widget so that we can place it on our Home Screen and click it to sound the Tile? Like a push button so we can quickly ring it from our Home Screen?
Love this app it is very easy to use and handy for finding your belongs plus you can use any the tiles to locate your phone awesome! Depending on which tile unit you are using will determine the volume you can choose I have the tile pro series, mate, and slim units. Thank you tile for such a great product!
It's not working! It takes days to update the location and I really need to find something, the app doesn't work.
The app is very slow to connect to tiles. It always disconnects from them and is hard to get them to reconnect. So by the time you want to use the app to find your item the app tiles are not connected to your phone and therefore are not very usable. On top of this the batteries on the tiles are not replaceable so they force you to buy new tiles every year.
Alexa integration does not work, and ifttt is not even supported. Will give 5 stars if this ever gets fixed.
This has saved me an extraordinary amount of timr, effort, and anxiety. I wiah i had thia years ago. Highly recommend
Works as advertised but very pricey for something you can't charge or change the batteries. So the item only lasts for a year and costs 30 dollars CAD
b"It all ways working it never fell me I love tile I tell everyone about it!!! I've lost my keys so many times I can't count it !!Billy Bob that what I call it thanks tile ??\xe2\x99\xa1"
Nowhere in the app is their contact information if you have problems. I held my phone right over the tile and it would not connect.
The app works again after I reinstall the app. But I found it works in Hong Kong but doesn't work in China region.
Have now had three tiles fail. Latest replacement didn't even work on arrival. Totally useless, avoid
Would prefer an option to be able to use my own ring tones (or at least more than just the one tone offered by the app) instead of that single built-in tone that plays when an item is found.
The tile worked a couple times. My wallet was in the same room. Further distance, it didn't find it. But, it soon stopped working. $$ down the drain.
Lousy tool and no customer Support.battery doesn't last beyond a few days. Looses itself often.
Well for people like me when you don't find thing @ the moment when you are in a hurry is a life saver!
Worst support ever the product is fine but good luck getting an email from them.
Would lose my mind if it were not for tile!!!!
App was causing Bluetooth to rapidly drain the battery on my lg v20.
Doesn't work even when next to tile
Amazing! I already want to buy more tiles! Super easy & worked with my new Andoid in a flash. Thanks Tile!
The tiles are great but last only a year, and app sucks at making my phone or iPad ring.
The Tile app works exactly as it is advertised, and it's just like the commercial. It works perfectly! I love it!
I my keys with me and the Tile won't find them.
As a forgetful person who loses important stuff a lot, tile is great!
It's wonderful to be able to "call" my wallet instead of frantically searching for it! Thank you!
The app is great and so are the tiles... The website and customer service on the website need a LOT of improvement.
My memory sucks. This helps a lot.
Needs to be louder and reach a further distance
Works great!! I have tile for all of our keys purses and backpacks.
Love makeing it go off on my gf
Fun little device. Is useful to find things
If there's a way to increase the volume I'll give 5 stars
Sound alarm is wayyy to quite.
Sometimes doesn't work but is well designed and includes everything offered
I love this key smart pro! I'll never lose my keys again!!
I'm not technically inclined. Took a little but works great.
Best money I have ever spent. So good
Best thing ever!
Reliable after Android update. Great customer service
USEFUL COOL I LIKE IT SUPER I VOTE
Good app if you have the tile
Make your life easier with Tile!
If it were a little faster it'd be perfect.
Easy to use and very practical!
Life changing to a busy life!
Use it everyday
Best present ever!
Unit needs to be more precise
Love it. Comes in so handy.
b"It's a great app ????"
WORKS VERY NICE
Its awesome.
Life changer
Great product
Works great
Best
Awesome
Good
I did not have any issues when trying to find my keys. However... for weeks I had been trying to figure out why my Bluetooth was not working properly in my car for music. After trial and error, I discovered it to be this tile app interfering with the playback of music to my car. This interference basically renders this app useless, and I find it completely unacceptable. For note, I have the Acer liquid zest plus.
The old original tile and next one we're perfect. The new sport just went to pieces after having it for 1 week. If you are an active person that walks around, sits up and down all day long this new BS is not for you. 1 click activates the ring on the phone, OMFG it would ring 20-50 times a day. GGGGRRRRRR drove me nuts until a smashed it with a hammer
Five stars. I don't lose my keys or wallet so much as I can't find them right away when I am running late and this app is a lifesaver. Does it sell something about my whereabouts to other company? A near certainty, but I'm not going to give up a lifesaver for that concern.
Generally this system works as expected and has been very useful a few times.. but as a couple of other reviewers state, I tried to find my phone a few times using the tile and was unsuccessful. It seems that restarting the phone or cleaning up unused apps stops your ability to connect with your tile... can this app not have a service component to stop me having to remember to keep tile running in the background?
Would give it 0 stars if possible. Rings when you don't want it to, then when you actually need it, it fails to connect even when right next to an item. Complete waste of money
This app has helped me so many times before but of course nothing is perfect. What I'd like is different methods of ringing your phone other than the standard double click. I've found my phone randomly going off especially if it's in my pocket. Maybe customisable patterns of clicks? Another feature of like to see is maybe customisable ring tones and a customisable ring tone for the phoenix as well. Other than that it's an excellent product and an excellent app and would totally reccomend to anyone who finds themselves losing their keys often.
A total life saver for forgetful folk like me. Cant imagine losing my keys and wallet without tile app. What was my life even before this app? Haha
I received the Tile as a gift cuz I lose my keys & phone almost everyday... The Tile works Great & I love it! Makes my life less frustrating looking for stuff! I agree that the key fob is a bit too quiet... But it works & is worth the purchase
A warning. Third replacement tile, and it's back to it's old unreliable ways. It doesn't ring, and it's not accurate in reporting it's last seen location (miles off)
Awesome service and solid app. Would have liked to know can't use to locate phone unless resource heavy app is running. Also would be nice to know my keys are ringing. Obvious when you hear the ringing but can't tell from app.
Lost my keys, neighbor found em, managed to connect. Found out they were upstairs all along! Thanks for making such an amazing and practical product, Tile Team!
AWESOME. I lost my phone an hour ago. I apparently dropped it in a parking lot and someone picked it up. When I got home I logged into Tile and was able to locate it immediately. I had my phone back within 30 minutes. A lifesaver!!!!!!
Tile is useless. I put one in a bag being sent on a truck across NYC and at no point throughout the several hours did it update it's location. If it performs so poorly in the densely populated NYC, I can assure you it's not going to help you find anything.
I misplace my keys sometimes so I got this and when they're hiding I have no problem finding them. But when I need to use the tile to find my phone it never seems to work
Doesn't actually work as intended on Pixel 2 XL. Initial set up is fine, but once you open the Tile app, every device is stuck on "connecting." And if you manage to connect it, sometimes pressing 'Find' doesn't actually ring the device. Haven't tried other devices, but it feels like Tile app doesn't play well with Oreo.
Won't lost me sign up and to late to return. Worthless service
I would give 5 stars, but it doesn't let me change the ringtone, no matter what I do. I've restarted and shut off my phone and it still won't let me. Please fix it.
My phone was stolen from work last year, so a relative gifted me Tile for Christmas. I run a small business so we have a lot of public traffic in our store (think thousands of people a day). From time to time, my keys or phone will get forgotten on a table, fall behind a display, etc. but Tile enables me to quickly and easily locate my items.
I am a person that mis places everything especially my keys and wallet..... The tile has saved my ass from my girl bitching at me bc I am so forgetful and my job being pissed bc I late or left my phone at work.
I purchased your competition and was horribly unsatisfied. It only worked on occassion. Even when it did work it would alert me even though my items were only inches away. I was able to use this product right out of the box with no problem At first it troubled me that you have to replace once a year but I remembered the problems I had with the other tracker and decided that having one that actually works is with a yearly fee.
Great app it saved many times already. Just one issue, sometimes it doesn't sync with the phone and I couldn't find any of them using the other
This app is great on iOS. The Android version is rather ineffective. Sometimes it works, most of the time it doesn't. This is on a stock Pixel.
I use it for my dog that akways gets loose. No fail i always find him.
Good... but having no replaceable battery means getting a new tile every year. So no 5 stars for that.
2 of my tiles (brand new) don't connect even within 5 feet. Also, don't count on the tile network to find lost or stolen items, very few people actually use it, and even fewer keep the app running in the background.
Don't EVER rely on tile finding your phone from pressing the button twice! Either every update or anytime you restart your phone it will desynchronize until you open the app back up.
I have a KeySmart Pro. Wish I were able to look at my app to see how much charge I have left. App is great otherwise!
best thing ever, i m type of person who lose key all the time and tile has been a big help. loving it
I lost my keys and spent hours walking around the title. I wasn't able to ring it. Still don't have my keys.
Doesn't support Google pixel 2 Bluetooth and probably most up-to-date phones from 2017.
Take ages to reconnect with key when you need it, sometimes doesn't connect even keys are next to phone.
Iftt integration would make this app/service awesome. But it is good as it is, just not as great as it could be
I lose my stuff all the time, but no longer! However I do recommend the sport over the wallet. The wallet one is a much too quiet but the sport is wonderful!
A tile stuck or connected on is OK, could be louder, slim tile to be kept inside a wallet, hand bag, coat etc. far to quiet, hopeless.... used it for many months before submitting the review. Bear.
It helps me to find things that are lost. And keeping track of them and where to find them
Has recently stopped working on my pixel phone
Got it as a gift. Was bit too excited sure was I wrong!
Doesn't work...the key function on this product doesnt work??
Wow I finally lost my keys and look them up and hasn't seen them in 4 months, thanks!
Great idea and has saved me lost of time in the morning in finding what I normally loose
Doesn't work!
It has helped me be on time with my keys.
Do not have a Facebook page
Doesn't locate tiles as of recent update.
Freaking awesome! Less than a month and it has already paid for itself.
Keeps going off Good app
Save me a lot of time
Probably one of the coolest and most helpful apps I've ever used
Fun and helpful to find keys and bags. Have five tiles now.
Can't live without it
I use this once a week and it saves a great deal of time.
b'Good news for the daft ??'
How is this app 150MB?
Easy to used works awesome ill get a couple more
I love it. I tend to mis place everything.... Not anymore
Very helpful in finding my keys and phone!
Great app. Everything works like it should!!
Great product, easy to use... no issues.
Awesome keep up the good work
Dope AF
It is very useful in my day to day
No more lost keys!!
Great for someone with A.D.D
Cool works great
Useful and cool item
Needs to be refreshed often
Love it boyyy
Excellent
Great
Awesome
I love this product, if it is covered under a lot of things it can be a little difficult to hear so just make sure there is nothing outstandingly loud when you use the feature. It helps me and my forgetful self find my wallet, keys, and my phone. Definitely recommend
Well, it was a right piece of junk. It never made a sound or gave any sign of being anything other than trash. My s7 never detected it. Tried again with the note 8, still nothing. And no, it wasn't paired with anything else prior. Got it brand new in its box.
Doesn't work at all. Samsung s8, on nougat. I'm sitting next to 3 tiles: keys, remote and the other phone and not finding any! I uninstalled, reinstalled, cleared cache, restarted, cursed repeatedly about wasted money and it found my keys. But not the remote NEXT TO IT?? If I'd have set my money on fire it would have been a better use of my cash.
What a wonderful concept! I only wish it worked with my Google pixel. The app can never detect it even when my Bluetooth is on and I have the keys literally sitting on my phone. I've waited for 20 minutes with the app saying "connecting" with no sign of life.
Other than for finding things like keys in your house it's useless. Update: the problem is not that it does not perform as intended is rather that for someone like me who does not lose things in their house because they know were things are it serves no purpose. The fundamental problem is that this relies on Bluetooth thus your item you search for will be within 30 meters. So if you really loose something (not in your house) you wont find it. What I am interested in is tracking stuff like a backpack (in case some one steels it, or gets lost at the airport). For this would be nice to have a rechargeable tile with GSM or GPS connectivity to the phone or something like that.
Totally don't get it. I followed instructions step by step (2 tiles and one mate). One tile beeps randomly. I've misplaced my phone twice. I tried pushing the logo on another tile and that one beeps and I still can't locate my phone except the old fashioned way - look for it. I've tried to locate my keys (the mate is on them). Again, only the tile I have that I've pushed the logo beeps. Nearly useless. I say useless because sometimes it's fun to push the tile WHILE I have my phone just to hear it beep. Sorry I spent money on them. I still bug my family to call my phone so I can find it.
has saved me from having to replace my things multiple times. my only wish is that the thin tiles were a little louder as it's a little difficult to hear from inside my wallet. otherwise an awesome product and the app is very easy to use.
Overall satisfied. The app works well enough, although it is difficult to find the commands to transfer the ownership of a tile to someone else. things I would like to see improve are make the alarm louder on the tile, which is good on my keys and such, but the one I keep in my wallet is very muffled by the leather and the room needs to be quiet to hear it. Bluetooth range on them could be better, but it tends to work as long as you are in the same room.
Ok so far. Wish they offered more options.. Community find is still a confusing option.. It is great with sound and it hasn't failed me so far. However...it is not very precise as far as location. If you are not within "range" of your tile, the actual gps coordinates are not accurate. *Interested in buying more tiles!
I lost my keys while on vacation. Did not realize it till I got home. Never found them. Would like a notification when tile is out of range. Then I could have known they were missing and looked for them immediately.
It's annoying as you need to leave the tile app open in the background and I like to clear background apps regularly. This means I close my Tile app as well. It would be useful if the tile could still make the phone ring when in range regardless of the app being open.
Samsung S5. Can find the tiles. But no tile can find my phone unless it is open and i have the Tile app open and active... even then it can take 3 attempts to connect. Not happy jan.
I'm bad for occasionally misplacing my wallet. This is perfect at letting me know where I last had it. Only downside is always having bluetooth and location services on which drains the battery. But obviously it needs to stay on in order to work. Thank you
Earlier gen. Tile used to work well. Now they do seem to check in as often so if you lose something it will tell you where it was days ago but not when you are looking for it. If a throw pillow is on the item it won't always ring either.
I wish that I didn't always have to have my Bluetooth and location on, it tends to waste a lot of battery so I find myself turning it off. Otherwise it is a good product and great app. Only other complaint is that the ringer is too quiet.
b"Works great! It's amazing on how something so little can be so helpful. The things that you were once mis-placing or losing.. Won't be misplaced or lossed again. Lovin it??"
My TILE alerted me that my keys were at my bus Lost and Found before I realized they were gone! My daughter used her TILE to pack her wedding dress on her flight home in case airline lost it. Great job TILE
Great stuff.. Best range of any location device hands down. Saves a lot of time and a lot more stress when you are running late and can't find your keys and wallet
Very disappointing. Two month-old tile, neither rings. Phone app has no ring button, so no way to locate tile, even when connected. Also, connection is inconsistent and unreliable, even when tile is just a few feet away.
Cool idea. Never works. I've tested it several times in different places and I always have to reconnect the tiles with my phone. I regret buying a second when I got the first. I thought it was so cool, but then it never worked! Disappointed.
Great when it works. It's saved my @ss more than once. However, this afternoon I thought I lost my phone and went into panic mode. My tablet couldn't connect, so I assumed I left it at the last store I had been to. Drove all the way there, they didn't have it. Checked my bag one more time - thank heavens it was there. My question is - why couldn't my tablet find it when it was less than 3 feet away?
(Original, 2016) I have a tile on my keys, my boyfriend's keys, & my cat's collar (she uses the dog door to go out and roam the neighborhood). The app works great for the keys, not so much for the cat. I put it on her to keep track of where she was and to make sure she was in the house before locking up at night. But I found out it doesn't track the perimeter of our house or garage, much less the front or back yard. It's great if I lose my keys in the central part of the house. It's also nice to ring my phone from the title. Update (Jan 2018): due to recent patches the tile ringer volume is practically nonexistent. I have tried technical support suggestions but the tiles are only good for viewing an approximate area on my phone screen. No longer working as intended and I'll be updating my star rating.
This has made my life do much less stressful. I can always find my keys & wallet now. Saved my sanity during our recent move. I was akways mislaying my keys or my phone. I always had one while frantically searching for the other. So my husband bought me a tile , problem solved. It was eady to set up. We have since bought more so I don't lose things like my e-cig.
Idk why a Bluetooth device needs the GPS to work. I'm trying to find which dirty pile of laundry my keys are under not where they are outside!!
Love finding my keys with ease. However, if I restart my phone, my keys can't make it ring unless I've opened the app since the last restart. It's kind of annoying.
Very convenient especially for when you loose things all the time! I'm not very keen on having to buy a new tile full price when the battery died though
You have to buy the tile itself of course but I got this for Christmas and I lose my keys sooooo much and I still am but once I know it's close then because of the map that tells you where it last was I just call it and there it is. You can even change the ringtone. You can use it to track anything my bag, my wallet, and many more things that you lose a lot.
Best thing ever for a chronic key loser. My best friend got me one and I believe it is the best gift I have ever received. I can only guess the amount of time it has saved me looking for my keys.
This been a great product as I'm always misplacing my keys and phone. Love the fact that one can find the other. Also figured out that I have to place this app in my unrestricted list on my phone to always work in the background but this has been a great product and love it
Great tool. Yes, it's a bit pricey but worth it. My wife has lost her keys and frequently misplaces her phone. Now she can did them.
It would be nice if they could find a way to keep the tiles connected without the app running. I keep inadvertantly closing the app and then I lose connection.
Update- used Tile chat with customer care. They are sending a replacement unit. Should not happen with new yet better than wasted money. Summary: one new Tile worked out of the box, one did not
Replaced Tile with Tile Pro Sport. Sport is definitely louder and larger. Hopefully this will be more reliable with visibility and responsiveness. But the old tile did get found by the community so a major win.
Not worth the price.....Got it as a gift. But I would NOT spend my own money to buy it ($70 to $90). It works ok to find the tiles that are directly connected to your phone but it has a hard time finding tiles that are shared, even when the tiles are right next to you. One big deal breaker is that the batteries ate not replaceable and only last approximately 1 year. Tile charges approximately 90% of the cost of new tiles to replace the old batteries. It's a good concept, but way overpriced for a device that only last one year.
Stupid useful app and device. If you have small kids that like to hide things, get these. You will not be disappointed.
Latest version takes forever to connect to tiles. Sometimes it just sits there on "connecting" for minutes. You definitely broke something...
Very useful tool... Saves me loads of time wasting looking for my keys or wallets.
I really like the App and Tiles. It helps me find my wallet and keys quickly. It's not perfect, but very useful and I like it better than other tracking devices. I wish it would be a one time cost, but I can see the benefit in replacing the tiles yearly.
I love Tile, but what's happened to the referral link? I want to recommend to a friend, but I can't get credit for it? So annoying.
This has helped so much! Its my favorite!! It would be nice if the alarm was louder, if i had to suggest an improvement, but it hasnt stopped me from finding them when i need them. Love this!!
THIS app saves me so much time and frustration. I love it enough to give as gifts to others.
It didn't work a couple of times. I discovered it was because I had turned off Bluetooth. After overcoming the silly "Operator Error", Tiles work great.
Wrong location in the map. The main map shows the correct tile location but when I access the "View on Map" from the device menu it shows a different location.
This has saved me from unneeded stress. I love the tile. Will be getting more.
Great time saver when rushing out the door. Alarm is loud enough to hear through cars and in bags.
Constantly losing my keys so my tile has become the most amazing Christmas gift ever taking away all the stress of lost keys it's just fabulous. Have recommended it to many friends.
It would be ok at home. In a rural area you would have to make sure your tile app was running and your phone was with when you lost an item. It would not update continuously as stated but when within 200 ft the Bluetooth and green circle is great. Finding the phone at home using a tile is also good.
Overall I think it is great, and I would love to see a simple improvement by sending a notification or alert to my phone if I leave the area where my tile is, just a quick buzz or ring when out of bluetooth range. This is helpful If I go to leave the grocery store without my wallet, or I am at the gym, and someone walks off with my bag while in the sauna etc. I greatly appreciate your efforts to deliver a high quality product!
4.9* Fantastic app, but please make a bullet point style list view. When you own 2 tiles, your phone + a mates phone and their tile you have to scroll down the list with big photos. Can there be an option where you choose to pick from a bullet-point-list view with a small 'find' button on the side please? It'll make finding tiles that much quicker, thank you!
Very helpful, mom has dementia and misplaces her keys every day. This device helps me with those stressful moments when searching for the keys.
I misplace things a lot. Big help
It's an amazing tool! Find everything when I forget or I'm in a rush! I'd recommend this product to anyone who loses their personal belongings like myself! Great job!
I use 2 phones the problem is that tile will connect to only one phone at the time and I have to find the phone that is connect first.
Could not get mine to work. It turns on, says device is near and shows on the map ... BUT it will not sound alarm when pressing icon on app (phone) and when pressing icon on tile to ring phone ... the TILE chirps ... Customer support is equally useless. One star is more than this thing deserves ... mine is just a useless piece of junk. Worst Christmas present ever.
I absolutely love this the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 is because the alarm is a little quieter then it needs to be. Also you have to be pretty close to your item however it's still a wonderful idea and I've used it many times in just the month I have owned it
Doesn't work. It worked right after I set it up, but now it just continuously searches for the tile and never finds it.
I added hook to my Bluetooth on my Galaxy 7 everything else connect to Bluetooth it's only lasted 2 days could not reconnect frustrated do not want to wipe my phone just for this tile, yeah it bluetooth head work no problem only work for two days
I had to get a new phone and ever since the app keeps saying the location feature is not enable even though it is and all permissions are granted. Seems like a silly issue to have, will most likely return it, I've had it only a week.
I found the secret to making it work....write a bad review! Lol. As soon as I finished the negative review and went back to the app the find button appeared instead of locking on help. Now it seems to be working
3 of the tiles in my 4 pack will not connect to my phone. I assume it is because they were playing the tune while being unpacked before I downloaded the app. Hopefully they will respond with an easy fix so these may be useful in the future.
Never connected, then I uninstalled and reinstalled the app thinking it would try to reconnect, it didn't. Now it's just useless because my phone doesn't even recognize it anymore. I bought it a week ago and it's worthless. Wish I could have my money back.
My Daughter misplaced her car keys all the time she worships her tile and has brought more to share with her children. Thank You TILE
Got tiles as a gift. They have saved me many times! I keep forgetting my keys places and all I need to do is run the app!
Why do u need facebook for this app to work i just bought a useless item.
It never connects automatically, every time I have to open my Tile App to connect it... Waste of money! It never gives last latest location.
Lost my keys and tracked them down to my school campus, the building, and office room number using this app and I am 100% satisfied and will be buying more when they die.
What's the point of buying these and installing the app when it never works. Tile is a POS. Glad it wasn't my money that paid for it. If you've got this, return it.
Can only find my stuff about half the time. Only recognizes my phone if I have the app open and active on screen. Seems like they need another year or two to get the tech operating consistently.
Doesn't find my phone, even if a few feet away unless app is running. Swipe the app away or restart your phone and it's useless
Tile is great, I just wish I could get a notification if I get too far away from my Tile. I know BTLE is too finicky for that, but just detecting if you're unusually far away based on GPS should be fine
I hate this thing. Got it as a gift and I hate it. Every time I try to use it it's garbage and fails. The gps thinks the tile is in the wrong place, the phone takes 8 hours to connect to it if its within range, and all the normal app glitches aside (and there are a lot) it has no option to make it ring unless it is fully connected and within arms length of the phone. I spent the last 20 minutes looking for my keys and waiting for my tile to connect. the keys were literally a foot away. Garbage. I use it when I have no other option and I just about snapped my phone in half frustrated over this POS. You're trying and after trying repeatedly it MIGHT work so I'll give you 2 stars but this should be a 15$ product and that is my absolutely honest opinion of this thing.
Works fine. Sound is a little hard to hear. Early days yet.
Like it however found out when phone is powered down . Phone not findable til thief turns it back on.
Stuck on connecting regardless of times restarting the app and toggling Bluetooth. Android 8.1 on Pixel 2 XL
Wish it had a rechargeable battery or one that I could replace seems a waste to after a year just throw it out also would be nice if you could see the battery level on your phone
Its the bees knees, especially because i can't keep track of my keys to save my life
Good app and working good. I just wish have more ringtones option and I think they should choose special ringtones specially the speaker on the tile is small .. no need for music
I thought my car was being stolen turns out it wasn't. The map isn't even that accurate. Waste of money.
Used it several times to find keys around the house and it is nice to keep one in my wallet for the reassurance that if lost I will have a better chance of getting it back
I used it to find my cat outside when it beeps he comes home every time
Has saved me many times over. I lost my keys at Bonnaroo (music festival for those who don't know) and despite the lost and found team hunting and the clean vibes team hunting I never saw them again and I had to buy a new key fob for my car. Being a procrastinator I am always running out the door last second. Now instead of spending an extra unplanned 10 minutes hunting for my keys and being late for work I just reach for my phone and turn on the Bluetooth and ring my keys. (Despite what I've read you don't have to keep your Bluetooth on all the time and drain your battery. I keep my Bluetooth off until I need to find them and have no issues doing it this way.. but then again I'm never hunting for them further than 100ft maybe). Sometimes they fell behind my bed or maybe they're right in front of me laying on the kitchen table, either way I have them in less than 60 seconds. It's helped me so much I just decided to buy the 4 pack combo with 2 slims and 2 mates. I'm always losing my wallet; falling out of my pocket, leaving it in my car between the seats, laying it down at a friend's house, etc so I got the slim for that and since the 4 pack is just $30 more than a slim by itself it made since to get the 4 pack. Now I have one for my car so I can find it in huge parking lots, from Walmart to amusement parks.. this saves time, and then 2 others I can still find a purpose for. It's truly a great product with a great service and worth every penny I've spent on them.
Pretty good, but wish you could turn off specific tiles ability to ring your phone. Don't need to accidently activate that when sitting on my wallet.
TileMate Doesn't work on my S8+ or s6, both with Android 7. Disappointed.
Drains a lot of battery even though I barely use it. Not sure why it needs location just to ring my keys. I know they are in my apartment, just need to hear it, not locate.
Kind of hard to figure out but I figured it out and its so handy
Used to work great but not sure what happened, now trying to find one that was out range is nearly impossible because it takes so long to actually connect
What can I say? It saves me many minutes of frustration.
It will not pair with my Samsung galaxy S7. Complete waste of money
Extremely useful and easy to use. Well designed all too I might add, everything is easy to find and functions well the first time without flaw. Smooth interface.
Great product, really helps when you need to find your keys in a rush or get the location when they have fallen out of your pocket.
Bluetooth Connection speeds are slow but manages to do the job still
Great app. I can't say enough how useful it is!
It only works about 1 time out of ten. Also real manipulative on the "love it" button asking for feedback.
My husband bought this for me for Christmas, it came in handy when I lost my keys for the millionth time last week lol. Tile rocks!
Only Bluetooth key finder I've tried that actually works with: decent range AND an app that isn't intrusive and obnoxious on the phone. (And I've tried many others).
A little fussy in places, but it gets the job done
It works fine finding my keys, but I cannot get it to work the other way on my my Galaxy 8.
Have my wallet, phone and keys with me at all times now! Hardly ever misplace them and I can find them in under a minute if I do
Since I'm always losing my phone or my keys, this app. Had made my life a whole lot easier. Highly recommend it! !
I love this tile, we got wrecked the other night and played "hide my keys" let's just say I found them and my friends lost.
Decent app, annoying to have to reconnect Bluetooth so often for it to work.
Tile usually doesn't ring when I'm looking. It says notify when found then i find it on my own without tile help
So good when I leave my wallet in a stupid place and cant find it.
Both the device and the app turned out to be absolute garbage. My girlfriend and I both installed it on our phones and put the tile on our cat's collar. We set it up according to the instructions and it rang and all that. Once we got it activated, neither of us were able to make it ring from the apps on our phones. Support shows a screenshot of a page on the app where there's a green button you can press to make it ring. Neither my girlfriend nor I could find that page in the app and we tried everything. Also, our phones only pick up the device some of the time and we're sitting right next to it. My girlfriend's app doesn't show the device at all anymore. And there's no phone number for tech support. Completely worthless and we are returning it and never again
This is the best!!!! I never lose my phone and my keys at the same time so its brilliant!!!!! Im on time to places now!!!!! :D
Amazing product. My husband is always losing his keys and wallet all the time and this makes it easier to find since they now ring
I think it's a great idea .I use it for the dog just in case she gets out
Helpful way to find things we lose every day. Setup could be a little easier and tune could be a little louder
We have it on r bikes and seems to work good . How it would do if the bike want missing I don't no !
The product does exactly what its supposed to do. Maybe the alarm could be louder, but that's picking nits. Highly recommended
I usually leave everything everywhere and this has saved my keys from the wash on multiple occasions already. The multiple tones are an added plus.
I am forever misplacing my keys, never again!!!!
Today this app draw over 100 mb of my precious data. Pls fix it or I will never install this again!
A huge pain to switch between phones
Sucks so far...doesnt work properly and tech support doesn't seem very knowledgeable
When "locating your phone", your phone won't ring if on silent. Makes this feature as useful as just having someone else call your phone.
My mate bought me the tile sport for Christmas as I'm always losing everything. I am well impressed with it, so much so I bought a pack of 4 which included 2 key and 2 wallet tiles. I have saved hours of time with the help of this product already this year!!! There are areas for improvement though which is why I've gave a 4 star rating. First of all the battery issue....I personally think it's wrong you buy a product that will be no good after 12 months especially with how much they are to buy in the first place. It either needs a charging port or adapted to charge through a wireless charger. Failing that a battery that lasts longer. Or heavily discount the replacement fee after the 12 month period. Sometimes the Bluetooth struggles to find Item if you're just outside the house but item is in the 100ft range. I'm guessing but I reckon most people loose keys and wallets in there own homes so would there be a way to locate your tile through WiFi rather than Bluetooth which is more prone to interference from solid objects? It would also be handy if it was a bit louder than it is, especially the wallet version as it's in an enclosed space. Maybe changing speaker location if to much drain on battery! This product is the key to lost items (pardon the pun) and has great potential it's just not quite there yet.
b'Very helpful! If only the tile was a bit louder it would get 5 ??'
Had a small problem with tile a few months old, replaced no problem, excellent customer support, highly recommended
Takes awhile to connect to phone once pressed, for the phone to ring. It still works just not to expectation. Cool gadget though.
Love these yes there so useful. It's definitely helpful that they can find your phone as well.
Tile is pretty cool, i lose my wallet a lot but i have it put right inside and i find it easily now
Saved me time by just going to the app. Realizing that it was near was a relief from the get go. Then to hear the tile ring was better.
Great tool for finding lost things that are important to you!
I'd give it five stars but the keys to phone feature rarely works. What I need it to do, works great.
The alarm is a little quiet, but it has worked reliable and I'm very happy with my purchase.
Saved me loads of time normally spent searching for keys and wallet and always when I'm late, love tile!!!
Best thing ever, saves me hours a week looking for my keys!
Very helpful to find keys or wallet anything that you lose. Having it show you an area on the map is even better
Well change your life if you frequently find yourself frantically searching for your keys or wallet in the morning.
Got 2 tiles as a gift but only 1 works (as well as phone search)
Love it, helps me find lost things without my son having to dial me
Great app, just wish it had a bit more range.Other than that, works as advertised and I'm pleased with how it works.
For anyone who loses your stuff as much as I do this is a god sent.
Love spending $89 on a thing that wont spend 2 on a rechargeable battery
Great product, especially since I misplace things all the time.
b'Found my lost phone so I could write this review ??'
Honestly I use this more than I should but what can I say? I'm only human and tile understands that :)
I use it all the time when my stuff gets covered and tile saves me time looking for it. Love it.
Gives false location, I'm in UK. Used for car security
I can find my keys! As long as I can find my phone
It's help me find my stuff on multiple occasions
Certainly saves me time looking for keys and phone!
Just not reliable.
Wish it was capable of showing a mapped history of location. But good every other time needed.
Amazing! I literally just got my wallet returned with help from the tile I placed in my wallet.
Good easy to use app and the support team responded quickly and were really helpful
It works well. A widget would be perfect for this device but none are available
Works well. Very helpful for thise of us that tend to forget where you left something
Want it to find my phone better. Only finds galaxy s8 when tile app is on
Has found my stuff many times
Uses a lot of battery but so worth it
Great accessory and gift for forgetful people!
Saved my behind many times!
It works like it's supposed to most of the time. Worth the money, I think.
Never lose my keys or wallet!
Tile range is too small. Hard to find devices.
Love this! I'm constantly losing my keys or phone - this is a life saver
It helps me find stuff
Love it... I've had tile for a little over a yearf and I can't be without it... great idea!!!
Helps me find my stuff
Can not live without them.
Helps tremendously to find my keys around the house....
Good concept, work on pin pointing object out of audio range.
Perfect! No more fights when hunny can't find his keys ;)
I love the tile. Really helps with travel and works 99% of the time
This little tile in the world!!!
Does about what you'd think it would.
Keeps me together lol
I wish the range was farther. Other than that amazing! &lt;3
Found my keys!!
And...if you have tile issues...PHENOMENAL customer service
Perfect even of you don't lose your items very often
It is good but I connect it then I his to my brother's
Very useful agree that alarm is a little quiet. Not for the hard of hearing.
Does the job. Dont waste nearly as much time looking for everything.
J unk!
Work's as advertised!
Needed it twice just in the first month. Awesome and easy to use
b'Found my keys??'
This is a very useful device. Very glad with the purchase!
It told me to rate it. So I gave it a one. But it's actually great
Best key and item tracker I have tried yet
It Really Works
Great, work real good for anything, especially keys and phone
Way way way better than Mynt, works excellent!
Used it 4x since Xmas...
Very helpful in keeping track of my husband's stuff :)
Yea!
Best invention and gift! AHHHHJJ I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!!
Never late now!! I can always find my car keys!!
Lots of possibilities.
Rarely works.
Dude, thanks
Love it can't wait to add more tiles
Lifesaver!!
Helps me find my stuff effectively.
Great! Other than the Big Brother angle!
Cool technology, I have to get more
Time saver when I misplace my keys.
tile works just as it says! I love it!!
Best way to track the most important items!!!
Amazing. Works great. Way better than Trackr.
Great tracker, no gimmicks, must buy
Best thing ever
So handy, saved my butt
Please add more supported devices
Great tool for finding my keys
Very easy to use and useful!
I like it
Not working
Works occasionally
Love it. Finds my keys in seconds.
great. wish it was a little louder
b'Easy to use and set up!??????'
It's brilliant, I love it
It just works. Simple. I like it.
Helps me. I love it
Awesome...works great....small fits anywhere
This is an extremely useful tool
Great idea and just works
pretty cool great concept
This is great. So helpful.
It's great!
Great app!
Work great!
It works. Easy as that.
Works Great!!
Luv luv it!!
Works great for me
Works incredibly well
Works great for me
Works very good
Very cool and useful
Tile works great
Its really convenient
Easy 2 use
Smooth and reliable.
Awesome app.
It's great
I love it.
Great!
Amazing!
Loving it!
WONDERFUL!
Good idea
Its great
Great stuff
Love itttt
Cool gizmo
Very useful
Works great
Great product
So useful
So usefull
So goood
Always helpful
Good service
Very handy
b"IT'S AWESOME \xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4"
Love it
Spectacular
Love it
Great
Amazing
Awesome
Good
Useful
Awesome
Awesome
Love it
Awesome
Amazing
Love it
Outstanding
Prefer
Cool
Awesome
Nice
Great
Wonderful
Love it
Got it for Christmas! And waa one of the best presents I could have gotten. Being a stay at home mom and running around with 4 kids, makes it easier for me to find my items.
saves me from insane asylum
These are tremendously helpful and in general I am very grateful that I have them. I have had a few issues. Some of that was resolved by them sending me a replacement for a bad tile. The app annoys me some.
5 1/2 hours so far. Still cannot activate 2 tiles. Nice going folks.
Very useful to loose of us that lose there keys
For a while it did help me find my keys. It emitted a loud sound to help me find them. Now when I try to look for them it goes silent. It is practically brand new, having it only for a few months. Now it wants me to have a signal strength in order for me to find my keys just for it to emit a sound. When it does say that I should be right beside them, it still doesn't make a sound. Every now and again the alarm will ring, but on other occasions is just silence.
It does not help me find my keys. I spend more time trying to get the app to connect. I looked for my keys for days and the app wouldn't even connect to my keys. This app is a waste of time and money.
Not compatible with Samsung gs8.
b'Had three tiles now and they are great for about 6 months then stop working ??'
Inconsistent. Since new update my some of my tiles will not ring at and keeps pending for location. Depends on the updates I found the tiles all in all are not worth it. Too inconsistent. No not e-mailing...u can read my issue here Ty...
And sometimes my sugar is off I can use my phone or my keys to find my phone I love this app
Tile lasted barely over a year, not got replaceable battery Edit: found alternative (Cube) that has replaceable battery. Would look at going back with tile if battery could be replaced
It works when you test it, but in a week when you actually need to find your phone, nope
b'One day, I was not steady on my feet & dropped my cell phone. I was busy for 4hrs before I noticed my phone was gone. I was in such a panick, I looked in all usual places at home; retraced my steps, in my mind, of the buildings I was in; then thought about my steps between the places I went. Best part, I remembered I had the tile on my keys & it worked in reverse & could find my phone. So I pressed the Tile button in my house; no luck. Then I retraced my steps & found my phone in some low bushes a block & a half away from my home. My phone is black & faced down. Could be why no one else found it. Now it is time to upgrade my Tile!??'
Garbage. If you're reading this review because you're considering purchasing this product you should know that this product is absolute garbage. The app can't locate the tile when the tile is directly next to your device. It just doesn't work. Tile also found out that people were changing their own batteries and updated the app so your Tile will be useless in under a year. Shady.
What a complete scam this is. They know the battery last 1 year and email me telling me to buy a new tile. Complete garbage. Don't waste your money on this.
The tile mate battery is fairly easy to replace just don't expect a factory seal. As for the app, I wish there were a way to reset the nag screens about replacing old tiles.
Tiles are expensive and you cannot replace the battery. Thus, after a year you have to buy all new Tiles at almost the same price as the first ones. I do not want or need a "subscription fee" to track my keys. I no longer recommend the Tile.
The tiles expired and are useless
Still can't understand why this has a 4+ rating. If you lose your keys it's cheaper to buy new ones. What's more if you live in the UK the re-tile (annual replacement) programme is more expensive than buying new ones. Tile location outside your home is way too sporadic to justify the cost of this very expensive white elephant, unless you want as a tech gadget fashion item.
As of May 31 2018 this app won't work!!!!!!!!!! When you download it and go to sign up by means of entering a email and creating a password, it will just continuously say "there was an error" then when trying to set it up via Facebook, it just brings you to sign in on Facebook but nothing links. So far I've tried the app on three other android phones to no success...even tried on their website and nothing will register. Don't waste your money! Buy a better device!
I actually didnt get much use out of mine. It constantly disconnects from the phone and would just beep until reconnected. The battery also last about 1 year so be ready to consider this a service more so than a one time purchase.
Love this app. My DH tends to hide the car keys from me, so its very helpful especially in am when I'm running a bit late! Just let tile find them and saves me a TON of time and stress.
Every time you turn off bluetooth it loses all connections. They then have to be individually reset which is a huge inconvenience. I've lost my keys twice since having this and both times the connection was lost and it could only show me the last location, so I effectively have to find my keys and reset the connection before the tile app can find them. Completely pointless.
Found my keys at least 4 times. Always lost somewhere in the house... what a relief when i realize i have a tile attached to them. Saves me allot of time. Not as good at finding my cell phone. For keys its awesome.
Loved tile, until my two month old replacement stopped ringing, and tile customer support didn't respond to my emails. Awful expensive for a useless key chain dongle.
Amazing. I've saved so much time not looking for my keys, between 3 jobs and three kids and three vehicles my wife and I constantly misplace our keys, phones and her purse, yes- her purse, but now with a simple click its no longer an issue. We even use them to meet up when separated at the mall or other public places. These things can only improve your life and reduce stress. Everyone should have at least 5. No joke. Thank you guys for making these!!
Tile does not work and you have to send too many e-mails to Tile... No Help what so ever. Tile Sucks big time
Tracked down the dude who took my wallet and called the police. I have my wallet back, thanks guys
Bluetooth connection is very bad. Phone could not locate tile even when in close proximity (5 feet or less). Quicker to look for your keys than wait for Tile to unsuccessfully locate them.
I used my tile in other device (Iphone) and without problem but now I'm trying several times to connect the tile in this android device and without any good result. I found some information in the site but nothing gave me a good solution... So what? Should I buy a new one and try? Why is so easy in iPhone and a pain in android? So disappointed... you should check the bugs about the connection and a way to reset the tile...
You have to set it up through facebook. We'll I don't have enough time to spend with my Real Physical friends. Not gonna waste my time on facebook. Returned
Life saver. I'm clumsy, forgetful, and this is my lifeline. There's nothing better.
Cool device but not really practical for cell phones. Generally cell cases dont have a spot for even the tile. Now if you guys came out w a sd tile that could be placed in the sd slot for an extra security measure that would be ideal.
Overall I like the tile but the inability to disable "find my phone" in Android has turned in to a deal breaker for me. When my wallet, and sometimes keys, are in my back pocket it goes off too often while I'm in meetings and "do not disturb" is not an option for me.
modified system settings Bluetooth no longer works at all on phone. have to reset phone to factory settings. service product not listed as premium (with extra fees changes. for full features)
Great idea but horrible execution. The tiles rarely pick up where my items are and now I'm being nagged repeatedly to pay to replace them. Seems this is a yearly thing! What a scam!
Tile has never been able to find my phone and customer service is just as useful as a non working tile. Such a waste of money
Tiles do not work for tracking items....only making sound when close. Bought 2 to try them and it worked was going to put one on all highly stolen things like the atvs, car trailer, Bobcat, ect ect. I put one in the wife's car and one in my truck and we drove around for two weeks and they were never detected by the tile community. They would only detect when I was 40 ft from one of our cars and had bluetooth on. Kept getting message of "you will be notified when your tile is locaded by someone in the tile community" (not exact words but that is the idea)...2 weeks andnothing... check settings and made sure everything was good multiple times. Went to work and was complaining about them and it seems everyone at work tried them with no luck also....I guess that's why they were on clearance at lowes for 25 dollars for 2 of them.
Lost the fob before I could even attach my keys!!! Totally useless to even find it!!!!!!! Don't waste your money!!!!!!
Uninstalled after police visit to house. Likely passerby had a missing tile in car, popo came knocking looking for it after phone reported back location. Tile support team unresponsive other than pleasantries.
Since I had my setup of 3 tiles - none ever connects afterwards. Even if you keep them close to phone and keep the app open forever with Bluetooth on. Junk product
Complete waste of time. This thing advertises like a GPS device that you can find if lost. It is not that. It only reaches as far as your blue tooth does and within that distance it beeps. That's it. Total garbage
The app is causing bluetooth stability issues on my other devices (connect disconnect) over and over so I removed it. Bluetooth issues have gone away so app appears to be no good. Also one of the tiles disconnected and could no long be found on the app. Tried to recoonect but it is mot there.
Wouldn't connect. It takes the app longer to connect then it does to just go look for my keys. Sometimes I have to reboot my phone. Or reset Bluetooth. Either way it frequently just takes too much fiddling or and too much time.
WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY. Set up the tile and the app to the phone. Put the tile on my keys, stood back and tried to test it. Nothing. Everything was on and somehow could not locate my keys. If you're going to make something like this, make sure it actually works.
I just bought the tile pack of 4. It looks like they are dead. They play the music to connect. Then my phone is not able to find the tile 10 feet or 2 inches away. The first tile I set up even disappeared from my phone after 10 minutes trying to connect to the tile. then I tried to reset that tile it did not even wanted to play the setup music anymore. I tried a different one, same thing. If the battery in them last only 11 to 12 months and the tiles have been on the shelf for 10 months then this product is a real farce. Who wants to buy a product that lasts a couple weeks. I'm bringing back this junk to the store a bought it from. I'm just lucky it failed now instead of 2 months later where I would have had a hard time to bring it back. I think the problem is not the app,the problem is the product itself, good idea bad design. Bad idea that you make people have to buy that product every year. Very disappointed.
Disappointing. Worked first three times, then couldn't find my tille at all, it kept searching even with Bluetooth on and location. Tried to set it again few times but it doesn't work now at all.
Had to uninstall the app because it prevents my fitbit from syncing. I'll only be reinstalling if I need to locate one of my devices. Really annoying that it causes that problem.
I bought this and for a few weeks it worked and then it didn't, I contacted customer support more than a few time and no response, I still keep it in my wallet hoping it will work but no luck gonna try customer support again!
I have an Android phone but cannot sign up . Only message is sign up failed. Is this device of any use? How do I return it?
nonstop notifications and warnings and emails about nothing. deleted and tossed junk in the garbage inside 3days
This is my lifeline to sanity. Before my husband bought the tiles for me, I was driving us both insane by frequently losing my keys, etc.
Connects well love that I can share with family to locate their devices when they have lost their phone an keys. Works better than expected only issue I've had is sound is not very loud.
Can't find my phone from my Tile original no matter how many times (or how firmly) I press the button. No notification or sound on phone. The Tile doesn't play the heartbeat sound when Bluetooth and location aren't on.
Sooo helpful! I lose stuff A lot, like all the time, today I found my phone and wallet using the tile on my keychain, and I've found my backpack a few weeks ago. Lifesaver
Is it possible to locate your tile from a pc instead phone? My phone is misplaced too.
Your app wrecks Bluetooth. Pick tile or Bluetooth audio. You can't have both.
Just not good enough. The whole product was disappointing.
Complete garbage. The G.M of electrical engineering. Works about 15% of the time. .....maybe.
My crazy controlling ex husband has this in my car, I can see the Bluetooth signal on my cell phone... How can I dis engage it ?
Haven't used it that much so really can't say.
Dead tile has been shipped and I have to return it back after hundred trials.Emailed tile guys and they didn't respond either.
Poor customer service response to privacy concerns.
Useful app, the cost its a bit high, and alarm needs to be ALOT higher, but all in all it's a very useful tool to have.
This company, and this app especially, are horrible.
Quiet ring...tile lasted 2 months and had failed when I lost my keys... very sweet
There are 2 reason I like it and that is the Map and the part where can ring it that is just amazing and apart from all the that the app is cool
Absolutely amazing app layout and design as well as the tile is an amazing device especially for the price! I highly recommend the Tile products and this app!
Rubbish. Doesn't work at all.
Im almost always losing my keys but when my bluetooth is on. It only take about a min or ao to work.
Great for parents who have memory problems.
just got it don't know yet I'll let you know
Wow just wow. Well wait a sec. Um okay yeah, just wow.
It came with a nice hard body this time. But after a month the batterys died.
Always loosing my phone or keys
I love the idea of this app it will help people with finding their stuff.
A very good app and thing to have
b'Best Fearure is the phone locator, make sure you stay logged in ??'
My other pair of eyes
Since Hiii Science The
Not great for tablets
Hiw do I refer a friend and earn free tiles???
Works good but the range should be A LOT further
I like the app
Great and reliable for location , battery dies a little fast
Good, if there is approximity sensor would be good
Good app for your phone to track down my phone
My tile is brilliant it helps me a lot
Great application, product, and customer service.
Helps allot
Total lifesaver
Love the app and what Tile offers.
Can tiles work in india?
Works great!
I love this app
Yay
Brilliant. !
Almost perfect,
Love it!!! Life Saver!!!!!!
Wonderful gift
it is very useful
It is good
AWESOME!!!!!!
Cool
Good
Good
Awesome
b'Good ??????????????'