Generally excellent app with only one drawback. It's common to use the Wemo Maker to open/close garage doors. It would be nice to have an option for a 'safety switch' whereby you can only activate the device when the switch is in working mode. I assume that you can run things when your not at home. If you accidentally pressed to garage door opener can you be sure of what's going on? A safety switch would cure that. Also instead of a list of devices, I think tiles might be a better idea.
Do you need more stress in your life?! Buy a WeMo smart plug! Amazing when it works however the device is disconnected or offline 75% of the time. I have blazing fast internet and an AC router in a 2000sqft home. Every other connected device in the room works fine.
Terrible connectivity between Wemo and Amazon Alexa. Horrible instructions and no troubleshooting worth anything. Can't reconnect Wemo dimmer switches to Alexa after power outages. A shame it won't automatically reconnect after power outages. Difficult products to get to work. Very disappointed by both.
This app constantly needs firmware updates that don't do anything. The schedules don't work... I can't even enter a rule if I wanted to. The only way I can use this (besides connecting to Alexa) is by manually turning the lights on and off from the app
This app started out good, then went downhill fast. I created a rule to turn on my lights at sunset and turn them off at sunrise. One day it works fine then the next day the lights will turn on before sunset and then turn off two hours later, then come back on an hour after that. Latest update statedit fixed bugs, but it only made them worse.
I quit. No more wemo reboots. Wemo can't even locate their own devices. I've invested in six wemo smart plugs only to have Google Home tell me there is something wrong every time I need to use it. I literally have to uninstall the Wemo app every day. Time to re evaluate if the technologies are ready for the masses. Sorry Belkin, I tried. You win.
When it works it's great. But try changing your wifi setup. Hours later and numerous factory resets and it's still trying to connect to the old network. The option to forget this network doesn't work. Complete garbage as an app
Not very stable. My smart plugs having issues to update firmware, app constantly reminds me about the firmware upgrades. Sometimes they are not visible in the app. Right now, one of the plugs is stuck in the upgrade in the app, but its physically seems to be working. Developers need to rule out a bunch of issues before this product is stable. I do not think it's worth the money at this point...
WEMO no longer working. All my WEMO devices have stopped working completely. They are now useless. I have had to remove them all. I will sell them and replace with Samsung SmartThings.
Wemo works only when it wants to work and not when we request. It may decide to respond to a command, but it is very unreliable . There is not enough information provided to help with diagnostic of the problem. This is a frustrating product. We are unplugging all our wemos. A real waste of time and money.
The Wemo mini smart plug "craps out" about every three weeks. Its annoying resetting the lights in the dark! I definitely do not recommend buying any wemo products.
This app is terrible. Took numerous attempts to get my new switch to connect to wifi because the app wouldn't complete the connection. App does not give search results for any cities that I enter, preventing me from setting my switches location, and thus creating a rule to turn on at sunset. Took multiple attempts to save a Rule for my switch. Get an unreadable htnl error when I attempt to link it to my Nest account. The app does not connect to an online account, so I can make these settings changes on a different device
They couldn't even tell me there is a known issue with the 6134 firmware on my wemo link. Horrible support and horrible product don't use this or the wemo products Update as of today after many updates of firmware to my devices seems that they are working much better now I still had the bad experience with support in the beginning which I won't change my mind about but as for the devices in the app it got much better
Just can't find my wemo stuff. The old version could and Alexa still can but this app can't find it's own products. It's crazy they just don't show up. There's cheaper and better stuff again now don't buy these.
Firmware updates break it every time. Usually fixes itself after a few days. Sometimes you have to readd the device. I'm concerned about device security, which is why I apply updates, but im not confident of their security, given they haven't mastered the basic programming of connectivity.
The first time setup of WeMo plugs is easy. Subsequent setup of plugs, especially if moving them to a new network or trying to change network password is buggy and inconsistent. It cant deal with changed passwords unless you delete all saved info first.
App still not working with pixel 2, works fine with all my older android, phones. There are 3rd party apps that work with the WeMo just fine on pixel 2, but they don't have capabilities to work over 4g.
Nice work. If it had a timer function that worked with IFTTT, I would have gone 5 stars. As is, it's very useful and fictions very well. Follow on: I've got one WeMo plugs that simply won't except updates. The problem is, the WeMo software doesn't have a way to force that. It looks like my only options are completely reset hardware for that plug, either through the application, or a series of button presses on the hardware. What I want from the software, but I'm not getting, is a selection that allows me to force new firmware onto the device, without having to do a full reset to factory settings. Hey, maybe forcing an update is the same thing as resetting it from the hardware point of view. I don't know. But I do know that it should be easier than this. I spent most of yesterday trying to figure out how to get this fixed and there is no simple solution provided from the manufacturer. I'll stick with my four stars, because the software is pretty useful and the hardware is pretty useful, and the combination of the two works pretty well almost all of the time. But this is the kind of issue that causes reviews that are one or two stars. I hope that Belkin is paying attention to this.
Update: rules started working with latest update. Google Assistant has been working for a while now which is nice. Thanks. Original: You have one job really. Allow me to control my device. And it fails.
Latest update broke rules to turn off other devices on long press. Rules don't always show up, but it has been improved
First to market with a product that constantly breaks. I have to double check that devices are turned off when connected to a wemo plug because it works when it wants to. Shoddy updates e sure I'll never buy a product from them again
it works well but it takes a while for the app to boot up. and if i had it open for a while and open it up again it doesn't let me tap anything and it glitches and i have to close and reopen the app every time. so it doesn't really save much time in flipping switches for me since during the whole time it takes me to reload the app and make it work i can walk over to the switch and turn it on/off myself. but works well for me anyway since I'm scared of the dark so this really helps me at night so I don't have to run through the house as i turn off lights
Pray it doesn't need a firmware update or you'll be fiddling around with it for hours trying to reconnect. Total garbage.
The scheduling is OK. The device setup was awful because it crashed 3 times, and couldn't connect the insight smart plug to a specific wifi network. Then it seemed to copy my wifi settings from my phone and configure the device correctly. No feedback during this process except the crashes. Definitely needs to be refactored and rebuilt.
I just purchased $700 worth of Wemo dimmers and light switches and they were working fine (no problems with the switches or app) then I received a firmware update for two of the dimmers at once..... One had already been updated and the 2nd dimmer was just installed and getting it's first update. After I received a pop-up on my phone that both dimmers had successfully updated the app for one of the dimmers listed that the update failed. I can't figure out how to get offered or reapply the update. I have uninstalled the app and reinstalled it (this worked for a while then it showed update failed again later). I have reset the dimmer (red light) and that didn't work either. Since this happened the Wemo app has been listing some of my switches as "Not detected". I am about to return all of my dimmers and switches and go with another more reliable brand! Yes, I have a brand new router, reserved static IPs, a router that supports 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz and a fast fiber connection. I have MCP, MCP+I and MCSE certifications and have been working in the software business for over 20 years as well. I have checked and rechecked my network settings and this smells like a firmware/Wemo app issue to me. If I don't get this resolved immediately I will have to go with a different more reliable brand. Funny, Wemo was more expensive than it's competitors yet I've heard good things about the others. -Need this resolved ASAP!
If the review is just the app then 5 stars but I usually base it on options with the WEMO devices with the app so 4 stars.. I think there are great options and usability but they could easily have more. Example, with the dimmer switch or plugs they need a child mode or a way to lock the manual switch.. my kids are 2.5 and reach up to turn in and off or push the button on the plugs to turn in and off. If there was a way to lock the light on or off that would be a great feature.. thank you
I'm my slow march away from WeMo, I converted my aunt's house to z-wave and now bought got my small apartment a Samsung SmartThings router. Pretty pathetic when WeMo plugs function better through SmartThings instead of their own app. I now can voice control them too. But be warned Belkin, this doesn't mean your products are safe now. I still plan on replacing them with z-wave at my apartment too. Your plugs are still way too unpredictable in reliability.
Rule creation not working Samsung Note 9. Page freezes. Must use back button to exit.
I am very pleased with the smart outlet swich. Unit works very well. Only negative is manual is lacking , but the customer service filled in the blanks.
Was a great product, but as more devices were added, the app has become unpredictable. Devices often don't appear and cannot be turned on or off outside of the programmed times.
I have the wemo wall plugs. They work about 70 percent of the time. It's pretty maddening this should be so simple it is literally on or off. I have to upgrade the software once or twice a month which takes an hour or more. Why would you ever have to upgrade it's on or off. They work well enough for me to keep them but I won't by more Amazon is going to sell some that they make soon we'll see how those are.
Poor. Sub-standard in all aspects. Devices loose connection daily.
Each time i launch the app it asks me for my location which I have to hit cancel before I can start controlling my devices. I do not wish to share location data.
It's easier to format your PC to lynix than get around all the bugs in wemo. I hate the money I spent on this.
It's very tiring to expect the devices to work. It will at some point of time be detected by the app and suddenly it will stop working. It's frustrating to go through install and uninstall the app, resetting and restoring the device. Over and over again in a month.
It's a clunky app, slow and unreliable. Setting up a product is annoying and fails sometimes. One of the worst apps I've experienced.
I used to like wemo but we will be trading out all outlets. We have had many issues with the app forcing updates that never completing
Everytime I open app it downloads newest firmware for the same switch. I have multiple switches and one is not taking the update. App works pretty good but is a little laggy with moving from screen to screen.
Worst control product ever. Most of the time the App does not recognize my device and I have to manually switch my light. And setting up the wifi on the switch was a nightmare. Basically an over priced useless timer.
used to work well...seriously Belkin, why is it after updates nothing works!! you break more than you fix with updates, unbelievable!!
I am handicapped and his app helps me to turn my lights on and off much more easily. It was easy to install the hardware and the software! Thank you Wemo!
Very easy set up. Use evertime we leave home & are returning after dark and when we are travelling over night. Great product!
Mini smart plug not detected after firmware update. Stuck with non-working plug.
Try to set up a new switch on any Nexus Android M device and it immediately crashes. After 2 years this app isn't any less buggy and unreliable. Thankfully Google Home can control these lights because this app does a pretty terrible job at it.
For the most part, this app does what it should to help you set up & oversee your devices. Sometimes the app does fail, but patience helps. =)
Once I got the app to recognise the device and the device to recognize my wifi network, it works great! I have a Pixel and it took downloading the app twice and attempting setup twice to get it to work. But once everything recognized each other it's been a great app! I have the plug and it works amazing! So far I am highly enjoying it!
Clunky app. Really slow. It's a real pain to configure Wemo smart plugs.
Turning the switches on and off from the app works. The automatic "rules" did work but now does not work. Occasionally it will let you add or edit a rule, but then you get the spinning wheel of death when you try to save the configuration change.
Barely works half the time. My problems mainly arise when I try to set up my wemo mini and get to the wifi step, also it forgets my wifi all the time or bugs out. Written after using phones Galaxy S5 and pixel XL.
This is my first day using it and it's OK. The app is a bit glitchy and one of the devices I have (two total) was scheduled to switch on at sundown but it came on several hours before. The devices are on that same schedule but only one went on so it was obviously a glitch that caused one to activate.
It does seem to work but I couldn't always tell you why or how. Try to set a timer to turn on at 6pm on Monday and turn off at 8am Tuesday. Go on, I dare you... Will it turn on during that time? Maybe? Will it turn off at any point for no reason. Probably. Not so easy, is it?
Nonsensical interface for set up up rules. My lights just went on without any active rule to support it. I am at a loss...and I have a masters degree in computer science.
Works well now, but I encountered glitches with WiFi setup and had to seek a fix on internet forums, so not a slam dunk.
No longer makes device for 230 volts. So have to remove the light switches I've put in and start again with another
I don't really I like the app. The setup is a bit obtuse and the app is glitchy. The app is also lacking self troubleshooting/diagnostics. Remote on/off is somewhat sporadic.
Related Firmware upgrade failures and switches are turning things in/off at the wrong time despite me entering the correct location/timezones in settings
Wemo switch was working fine with Google assistant and about a week ago it completely stopped working. Sucks that I paid so much money and now I can't connect them to my Google home.
It does control the crock-pot but the app locks up when going to settings & about. Tried uninstalling & reinstalling. Twice. Google Pixle 2 XL.
Made several attempts to connect to my wifi. It will connect temporarily then it will disconnect, requiring a reset, only to have it disconnect again.
Crashing at every open if the settings tab which does not allow for integration to my smart home system.
Right now at this date this app is not working for me work sometime sometimes it doesn't I guess it due to the updates
Been using Wemo plugs and this app for well over a year. Hate the app, so sluggish and really needs updating.
I have failed attempting to complete the setup several times. I have no idea how to get this device to work.
This app and these products suck. I will never buy another Wemo device. Super disappointed in Belkin.
Super clunky. Remote control often fails. Every firmware update makes the device unusable until it's reset.
Very clunky, hard to get WiFi set up and can't get it to connect to Google assistant again.
It works! Not much to say. I needed a device that would turn on an outlet. The wemo device is a little chunky but it does what I need. The app works seamlessly with the device. Good range, good connection, no problems.
Setting up the connection between Wemo app and the Belkin Wemo plug took a bit more time than expected. Function wise, Wemo plug is a great product that works well with the app. Used the plug for lights and there are no signal lag between the app and the plug.
Doesn't work most of the time. After updating app need to reinstall all devices and switched.
Widgets don't work. You need to launch the app every time. Kind of annoying and disappointing
A little tricky to set up but it really works once you get it going
This is the most unstable hardware and software I have ever encountered. Don't buy
Absolute rubbish loses connection to camera keeps asking to log in takes many goes to log back in
Devices keep dropping off network and is a trial po ain to reconnect if it does.
I have set a rule and the light is still on! I have to manually turn it off. Very frustrating
Works poorly with every feature. I want my money back. It gets worse and worse every day.
Everything was working fine till the new update. Now my wemo outlets stopped working.
App rarely detects my devices making remote usage & in home use inoperable
Crashes a lot. Will not update. Have had to uninstall and reinstall several times.
App makes no sense. Can't set timer on and off. Get to pick only one.
Set up skips wifi part making it impossible to get it on my network
Great for when I am away from home on vacation. It is,also nice to come home after dark and have a light on in the house.
Very complicated to set up and tends to lose its settings for no reason
Software will not recognise a new network. Have to delete and reinstall
Very slow. If there was a race between this app and a snail. The snail will win.
Unstable platform. Super cheap but not with the headache
Usually I have no issues, but every few months I baaically need to start over from scratch to get my one smart outlet to respond
When I called wemo for assistance on connecting to google home the lady basically said she couldn't do that I had to figure it out on my own.
My issue pertains to the setup. Had to contact technical assistance in order to set up my devices. Write better setup instructions.
Randomly stops working and has to be re-installed. Not dependable.
Long loading times and failed to connect to my home network
Slow. Doesn't detect anything very well most of the time.
Upgrades can be a pain, but overall it works just fine.
It keeps shutting down and the turning back on. Waste of money.
Too many connection issues. Unable to detect installed units.
Simple configuration and easy navigation makes this app a breeze to use! I programmed my wemo switch to turn on at sundown and off at sunrise. Works beautifully!!
The latest version is not permitting me to manage the schedule (rules) of my device. Dont you test before releasing? Please fix this...
App constantly crashes and does not update properly
Great when they work, which is most of the time, but regularly has connection or detection issues which are frustrating
Devices occasionally lose communication or report incorrect status
Couldn't connect devices to my smart phone
App rarely connects to various switches and plug-in receivers around my home. Have updated app, troubleshot connections, nothing works.
I love my wemo. I bought it so if we're late, my dog isn't sitting in the dark. I can turn it on anywhere. The best
Constantly loses connection between phone and device
It crashes and it does not obey commands
Horrible. Freezes. Stops working. Worst app ever. Hate it.
Adding rules is still confusing to me .
It works but only if you go over to you light plug and turn it on you can use you light switch... If that makes sense.
Works great, but had trouble setting up on Android phone. Had to use an iPhone. :-(
Garbage. Absolutely useless.
Sometimes it works most times not. Go to upgrade it and it never completes. When it works it's great
It's great but I think our WiFi is not as fast as it should be
Would give 5 stars but have occasionally had connection issues
This app barely functions. If I buy a smart switch again, it won't be from Belkin.
Great app to turn on your lights when you're not at home. Very easy to set up.
It works about 90% of the time. It is not perfect but pretty good.
It could had been be a little easier to set up in my personal opinion.
Stinks kasa good this is garbage
Difficult to set up and connect with smart switch.
Love using this app when I'm away from home to turn my lights off and on.
Great to update timer applications. Also great for setting up lights when away on vacation.
Very handy to have with multiple appliances, really helps save on electricity.
Constantly fails to work
Doesnt work
Horrible for Google Thanks
Always stops working
East to setup, easy to use, added security when combined with in house camera.
Too many bugs
Slow and complex setup
Awesome product that responds to my everyday usage.
It sucks!
Works well!
Sucks. This is a Belkin product so it's no surprise that it stinks.
Great app. Can't wait to buy more for other rooms.
Great control for my exterior lights. Reducing my energy usage.
App works consistently. Easy set up. Clear interface
Plain and simple, love it. Easy to install and set up.
Works as advertised.
Work pretty good, no issues with nothing.
Awesome app.. makes everything so much easier :)
Really turns me on...
Hard to install but the end result is nice.
Reliable, never failed at my home network
Keep up the good work don't change
Need more work to improve the usability.
Options could be a little easier to set.
Works perfectly every time. 100/100
Having a hard time setting up
Wast of money
No connections
Very convenient around the house.
Quality* of product
Cumbersome to use
Highly erratic
Inconsistent performance
Great product. Does what it promises.
The app worka good
no comment....
Quick and easy setup.... Easy to use...
Great item to have
Very good app
This app is awesome
Nice and convenient.
Sucks
Sucks
Excellent.....simple to use
love it!
Good stuff
Very helpful
Excellent app
Trash
Nice
Meh. The app is alright. It takes too long to load, like I could get up and turn the switch on manually faster. Think adding a widget to your homescreen might help? Nah, the widget is slow as hell also. Google home integration is good so if you say "hey Google" to turn on your switch it'll be fast. That's probably nothing to do with the app and more to do with Google.
Helpful for sure. Paired the plugs with Alexa, it is nice to not have to worry about reaching for a switch. The app is very nice. When on Vacation, can set timers so the lights can turn on and off while you're gone. Also can turn them onand off from yiur phone no matter where you are. Given the Wi-Fi at your place is working.
b"After connecting to my smart home network, all my Wemo devices and the things powered by them work seamlessly. If you're looking for a quick and easy smart home upgrade, this is it. The only reason I gave it 4\xe2\x98\x86's is the lack of ability to manually reset the Wemo devices when troubleshooting."
Constant firmware updates, almost daily, that's insane - what are your programmers getting wrong to need that many updates?? App ages to load sleep, even on flagship phone. Needs a full overhaul. On the good side, IFTTT compatibility is handy and works well. So if you're using with google home speaker, it's bearable. But the app itself should always be the best experience and it definitely isn't...
It is the first device of this kind I have. I struggled a little to isntall it it, indeed I called.for help. But at the end it is working. My point is that should be easier to install. Also, it would be great a one touch on and off in the phone. Like a App type switch that is created after the settings so it won't be necessary to open the App to control the devices. But it is working and Iike it.
It took about hour to connect my first smart plug. I can't seem to add the second. I try deleting the app and reinstall now I can't get the first plug to show. After read some posts I found out that the app can't handle controling different plugs on different network. Bad system all around. Am trying to decide if I'm going to return them back to the store or give them away.
How the hell do I get my smart bulbs to connect to my Google home or Alexa? Despite my phone seeing them it says there's a network problem even though my phone is on that network too! Might as well use ordinary bulbs if I can't get voice control to work! Waste of time and effort
Positive - originally it was easy to setup the device on 2ghz wireless network to turn on our lights with my Samsung Galaxy S9. It said firmware issue but it never updated itself successfully. After several wimo resets, it still says firmware update and I have no idea how to get if fixed. Update 10/1/18 My 2 plugs were working fine on 2ghz and then I got a new wireless router and changed them to 5GHz  - and it took an hour of troubleshooting to try to get them back onto 2Ghz and I highly recommend never using 5ghz for these because it caused a huge headache.  No troubleshooting from their site helped, I found a tutorial on youtube that helped.
I was happy with this app until this latest update and it wants my location data... NO! You already have access to my network, you do NOT need location data. Plus the iOS version crashes as soon as it is opened, so double horrible! >__< Update: well, it just decided to work for now. But it's still bugging me every time I open to allow for location info, which is annoying.
The Wemo Light Switch is just flat out frustrating. It is ht and miss on setup and it constantly loses the schedule, which then causes you to have to reset and start over. Good idea, but poorly executed. I am going to ditch the three I have and get a better product. Tired of dealing with them. What a waste of $150 dollars.
I have just one wemo light switch, and getting a rule to turn it on and off at a certain time reliably all year round has been a pain. The app could be so much better. It has zero diagnosing capability when things don't work. I am ready to look for another brand that might actually work out of the box.
Two years ago, this always worked without fail. The last two years, it is operable for 1 to 3 continuous days, then inop for 1 to 2 weeks. Very, VERY frustrating. Seems every night there is an update, and we always hope that will be the update to make it work...We will keep hoping since we have 6 wemos in the house. Belkin used to be a higher end brand.
The one thing we purchased it for is what it won't do. Very simple - set up a rule for a lamp to go on/off when we're on vacation. VERY difficult to figure out how to set up something this simple, then it doesn't work correctly. Recommended you do not buy.
Of all the home automation apps, it's one of the more reliable ones. Can be tricky to set up but it's very well supported. It can be used on it's own or integrated with Alexa, Google or Samsung. Bad luck if you live in a country with 220 or 240v electricity. They have stopped making compatible devices for those regions.
Constantly loosing devices or cant find them. But but all other apps that do the same devices have no issue. Aka Yeti. As them for help they got it down even on your equipment. Come on lets get it together please.
I have 5 Wemo smart plugs and 80% of the time they are not detected and 1 old plug that was returned to the store is still in my list and says "downloading". It has been a horrible experience using your devices and app together. I have these plugs linked with my Google Home Mini and the same 80% of the time, Google can't see the devices. I just want them to work consistently. Is that too much to ask for? Planning to return all five and go with a different brand.
Setup is awful. More than awful. App says "congrats, all firmware is up to date" when device is still saying "Upgrading"... App cannot control devices in multiple locations. App doesn't really delete all info from cloud and device when it says that it does. I am a very technologically proficient user, and these devices are not-ready-for-prime-time. I will likely be returning all them to Costco.
Don't buy this brand. The app and devices can only be controlled from one wifi hub even remotely. You cannot control two different devices from different lo actions over the internet. This is a very shortsighted design. Very disappointing.
In the new version of the app, you "Need" location permission? NO, in Android 8.0 and above you need location permission to do a wireless scan but you only need to do a scan when adding new devices therefore only then should you be requesting that permission. In fact the app works fine even if I deny the permission. The problem is that because you've coded the request up front I have to deny it every time not through the Android dialog but in the app.
Tried to connect Wemo Mini plugs to my network, after 1-2 hours of trying they didn't connect or show up on the app at all. This should've been more easier, that's not for me, will return both of the plugs. Waste of time and money.
Works sometimes but not always and especially if I'm travelling it fails. I wanted to turn my outside lights on with this app while I was in another state but it failed badly. Lights stayed off at night for a whole week.....not happy.
The wemo app and smartplugs are so horribly inconsistent. One day it works fine, the next it's totally non functional. The schedules and vacation mode never work. I've had to factory reset my plug many times to try and connect it with Google home. It's just marred with software bugs. I've given up using voice commands with my Google home. It just doesn't work
The app already has issues and from a recent update, it wants location permission. I don't allow it to access my location so the app crashes. Now the app and it's associated products are even more worthless. I think I'll switch to another brand of smart outlets.
I have 1 smartswitch which I had hoped I could use to turn on a thermostat-controlled gas fire 1 hour before leaving for my place in The Mountains. Sometimes it does work but if there's a power outage, it doesn't automatically reset and is unfindable. I bought a UPS and plugged my modem/WiFi and the smartswitch into that but on one occasion the WiFi cut out for some reason and because there is no auto-reconnect function in the switch, even when I rebooted the modem in a freezing house, I still had to manually reconfigure the switch. Call that home automation? 'Cause I don't.
Very stupid smart device. The app is constantly acting up. Now when I'm away from my house the app tells me I'm offline even though remote access is enabled. Worst smart device I own. Waste of money!
Meross smart plugs easy to use and work. Maybe your developers should check it out. I've had nothing but problems since day one. Why can't you people get it right. Time will judge you a failure!
Would give 0 stars if I could. Rerating this app on 8/25/2018, still giving it a 1 star. In all this time the software is no better. Bought a new device, I can't even program it. The old one, once a rule, I pretty much have to live with it because the only way to change it is to reset the Wemo back to factory and start fresh. So disappointing.
Very slow and clunky interface. Took multiple tries to set up a smart plug. When renaming a device in the app, the old name persisted for a few minutes in the UI. Cloud functionality/linking is linked to your phone, rather than to an account of some sort. Wemo devices are easier to control from other apps it smart speakers once you've gotten past the initial setup.
Horrible Product. Been using this app for years, then I bought 2 additional wemo mini outlets but could not add new devices to app. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling app but without success. Attempted to install wemo plugs on a different phone but still would not install. Save youself the headaches and STAY AWAY from this brand.
I have four of these. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!! They randomly switch off when other devices interfere with my wireless network. Pretty poor design that allows an unlatch when the network has a momentary lapse. What were they thinking. Pretty expensive. And the support guys don't seem to know how to fix issues like the switches disappearing off the home wireless. Don't even think about remote access. Just hopeless. I'm going back to Wall timers. At least they work!!!!! Despite Belkin trying to sort my problems they refuse to credit oor allow return. The retailer Dick Smith is just one retailer who has since closed their doors but no positive help from Belkin. They listen but don't act!
Wemo is getting worse. Belkin is not interested in home automation or smart home integration. They have a hot selling IoT item. Why spend the money on support and development? I have to reset my Nest connection every time I get home, and none of the rules work anymore. Come home to my lights on all the time when they should've turned off. TP-Link hasn't failed me once.
The app is incredibly slow, terrible to work with. Everything was fine at my old house, after moving and switching routers I've had incredible difficulty getting ONE plug to work with my Google mini. A headache and not worth the time. My money will be going elsewhere for smart plugs
The developers of both the app and device clearly are inexperienced and did not perform enough testing, and should be fired. Don't ever change your wifi router if you're lucky enough to actually get their plug set up. The worst part of set up is trying to login to the app once you've selected the plug from your wifi setting. It always states it can't connect to the internet. Uh, duh! If I'm not connected to my router, but to your plug, then how the hell am I supposed to get a connection to set it up ding-a-ling?! Poorly designed product and software not worth the money or extreme frustration!
Setup did not go as promised. Need to know device I'd before plugging in (it's on the back). Still trying to figure out how to set up timers individually. Not user friendly. Remote on off works fine.
This app is awful. It's so bad I'm returning the smart plug I really wanted to like for another brand. The app lags horribly isn't remotely user friendly and seems more like an initial beta than a finished product.
Works great. I have fully automated my entire house with WEMO and NEST products. Everything has integrated well with each other and my Google Home Speaker. 3 way switches are troublesome but possible despite instructions saying that it can't be done.
Last update lost connection with one of 3 sockets can't reestablish the connection. Not what I want when travel and try to use the system and not sure if it works.
I used to like this device and the app. Now I almost hate it. The devices, and the app itself are hit or miss. The most irritating thing right now is that I cannot access or change schedules for any of my devices. The schedule portion of the app is completely unresponsive. And none of the schedules that I've currently programmed are visible in the app. The schedules which were previously set are executing, but I cannot see them in the app itself. Or change them. I uninstalled, and reinstalled the app itself, and there is no change in Behavior.
I like this hub system because it will works with WiFi only if you lose internet connection or it goes down. But in general there are too many home automatic systems!!! But why must app 'look' for connected devices every time I open app??? Should it not know what I already have? And then look for devices when told? Here is a major problem, I cannot make any rules to set any schedules when I hit save all I get is a spinning Arrow!!!!
Generally speaking, the app does what it claims to do. However, it's quite buggy and the UI feels fairly sluggish. Sometimes devices will say on while they're off, and other times the devices will not respond at all, forcing me to have to use the physical switch. With that said, the issues seem to be with the app itself and not the products, as I don't ever have any issues controlling them with my Google Home. Based on the average 3.1 rating, I'd say the bugs are fairly common. Rather sad experience from a large company like Belkin
So many bugs, where do I start?? Says a light is on when it's off, says it doesn't exist when it's clearly on, loses track of lights in the next room and the widget simply does not work - this thing is useless, the only reason I haven't completely given up on it is because of all the bloomin money we lay out for it!!!
Does not connect easily. Update - can't change routers by logging into wifi which is universal method. Menus over complicated. Make a group option then save, could be that simple, but noo. After last update, randomly shut off, even with a schedule. I Give up. Going w Leviton. Leviton is smooth.
The app is glitchy af. It frequently can't find my devices. After uninstalling the app, factory resetting my devices, and reinstalling everything exactly as I did before, things seem to be working fine now. We'll see how long this lasts.
Lots of bugs. My Wemo plug is working fine with Alexa yet the app no longer detects it. Good luck setting up a new device with the app. You need to install it from a phone or tablet on which the Wemo device was never installed before.
I bought this because it said it was compatible with Google Home, but it was a bit of a headache getting the two to communicate, which included having to download another separate app. The Wemo app seems pretty bare bones and doesn't do as much as I had hoped for.
If I could give it zero stars I would. It doesn't work most of the time and does not detect detect ices that I can still control through Alexa. Terrible app.
The app needs major improvement. Very buggy and not user friendly. Had to change the time and save several times before it actually changes. I would definitely not recommend this if you are not technical and don't have patience.
Poor at best. The app is ugly and outdated while my smart plug loses connection with Google assistant and home often. Would not recommend, especially at this price.
Don't buy any belkin and wemo products. They simply don't work. Pathetic switches. Pathetic app. I am gonna through in bin.
buggy app and dimmer. App is crashing and restarting several times during setup. Dimmer is also not reliable and I wasted so much time with it. Currently it's supposed to control several led lights and it does, except one light (same line). This worked fine for a while but not any more. Also worked fine with other brand dimmer for more than a year. Not happy with wemo at all.
Well done Belkin! The only reason I dropped my rating down to four stars is because lately the app has a very difficult time reconnecting to a network that I'm already connected to when I add a WeMo device.
I have used it for a few years now. Worked great until lastnight. I cannot turn my lights on or off. I wasn't expecting to do electrical work today but my porch lights won't work without removing wemo's. Waste of money.
Perfect for my living room lamps, which they are the only source of light when it becomes dark... it is pain to reach over and turn them on and off manually...
Everytime I try to update my smart plug firmware, it fails and I have to reset the device completely. The app also keeps failing to generate a pin for ifttt so I can't use it with my Google Home.
can't seem to cancel rules, always says no device selected. i don't want rules why do need to select a device? it turns off when i leave the house and turns on when I'm at home. weird.
The plugs are great, easy to set up. The light switches... let's just hope there is never a power outage or you change the wifi password or router. Re setup just plain sucks.
Version 1.2 gets stuck on error messages. Kill and relaunch all the time. Won't enable remote access
Complete trash. Nothing loads the way it should, met with lots of spinners that never resolve, if updating your hardware fails , there is no direct way to retry. Kasa is substantially better and faster than this time waste.
Wow! One of the eaisest smart home products I have had to setup so far. No bridges, no nonsense with Ethernet, just an easy wireless pairing, just how I like it. Plugs work great, easy to use app.
It keeps losing connection or something. It'll work for a day then it won't show up in the app. I have to do a reset and then it'll work for a day or two and then I do it again. Sucks. I had high hopes.
Better than before. Still a bit slow on startup. Wish it had a "hit an icon to toggle a specific switch" function.. a bit like a "real switch in your pocket" for quick turn on/off.
Get stuck in "get started" section and won't let you advance in settings. Called customer support and they have no clue and keeps asking me if the devices are connected, obviously without the app they can not be. Anyways, without the app these light switches turned to be expensive regular light switches. Time to return everything cuz " no App no home automation useless expensive equipment "
Good app though slightly buggy. Took forever to connect to wifi. Tried 4 different access points but after awhile it work. Otherwise not much issue.
When it works its 5 stars. Interface is chunky. Getting it to find internet is not intuitive. App works well on my tablet but not my phone. Maybe my phone.
A few months using it, I went for vacations and I did turn lights on/off to keep the intruders away. I am loving it
Have had to adjust this rating several times, after about 5 hours of resetting, retrying and hunting through dozens of threads on the support forum I finally got it working. Zero confidence that it will continue working, if wemo staff read this I really just wish you would add some way of debugging your system, your SOC must keep a log, just let us read the contents of the log so we can see exactly why we are getting a flashing amber light Will absolutely not be recommending this to friends. A year on and it still barely works, the app is slow and stops detecting my devices rendering them useless
I've had Wemo for a year and it has been the single most frustrating and angering technological experience of my life. The hardware is fine, generally, but the app experience is abysmal. I tried to add a third device to my setup and inexplicably one of the other two are itself and is no longer recognized by the app or Google Home. And don't EVER attempt a firmware update or everything breaks immediately or fails to update and has to be reset.
b'I have no to minimal issues suspect competition vendetta in reviews (almost a year running: Belkin wemo mini lights and reg. switches.) Belkin name behind is huge+ updates its device via network firmwares and works closely with security McAfee etc. Wemo is IFTTT. Im running on Android:6 to 9 w. no hub & Google home enabled. Wemo Link tested many power outage rehook no issues. Check forum and thank you for Bonus "open source link herein app description". Keep up the good work!??'
Easy to use. Good for me since i am lazy and would rather ask Alexa to turn off my light or use the app when she isn't listening to me
HORRIBLE TIMER INTERFACE. NEED PHD TO SET UP A BASIC TIMER!!!!
Update: after a few updates, Location MUST BE ON TO LOCATE DEVICES, UNACCEPTABLE! There is NO reason to require location PERIOD! Placed on a secure wifi is All that should be Necessary. UNINSTALL and pitch into the trash... What a drag, really likes this when you could disable location. 1 week owner that used it on mission critical operations as a way of speeding up maintenance. Works flawlessly as advertised. My only criticism is that it would be easy to disable the wrong device, be sure of your actions but thus will not be critical for most users.
Endless loop. It tells me to connect with the dimmer's wifi, then errors out without internet and tells me to connect to home network for internet. Sending switches back. This is awful.
Cumbersome setup process for the smartplugs. Remote access doesn't work.
Great when it works but constantly have to reconnect it which is sometimes impossible which makes it pointless to have because i enjoy the remote turning on and off but most the time can't use it. Feel like I wasted my money lately
The only smart home device(s) that I ever have problems with anymore. Currently it's the dimmers but tomorrow it will be the switches. Constant updates for years, never a solution that lasts. Baffling given I have more trouble with WeMo than with my other devices combined.
It worked mostly fine until the recent update requesting location data, and now it won't find my switches half the time, and there is no good reason given for demanding location data.
Great hardware, but the app is truly awful. I dread switching networks or having to add a new switch or bulb. It can take hours of messing around. It fails to connect to switches during set up, then randomly fails to recognise devices. Updates haven't fixed the fundamental issues. I've spent almost an hour trying to get it to recognise a single switch; and now it can't see any of the bulbs. Once you have the painful setup process complete, search for a different app to control all your WeMo devices. They seem to work fine, so I've no idea why this one continues to be so utterly useless.
The most confusing interference I have ever encountered. Not at all intuitive. Hit or miss if you can get it to schedule turning on or off your lights
It's just a matter of time before your devices brick themselves when updating firmware. I feel pretty stupid wasting $50 on these products
First off, it works. Does it work well? Yes, it is functional enough to use. Is it perfect? No. The biggest positive is the setup process. I have a large variety of smart devices and WeMo is by far the easiest to setup. The issues I have are the following: Setting a time in the rules is a horrible pre KitKat nightmare. You have to click for every second changed. They need either a scroll or a keyboard input. Next is firmware updates frequently fail and it doesn't say why or how to fix other than attempting dozens of times. Refreshing the device list is unclear. First item will lose connection and be darkened but other devices will remain. First item returns after a few seconds.
The app works well enough though it is a little confusing sometimes. It updated firmware on one switch but not the other. Strangely turning off remote access forced the update.
Have had many issues getting 3 wemo mini plugs working consistently. Support is good via phone but be prepared to spend 45 minutes or more trying to resolve the problem
b'UPDATE 9/6/18. I can no longer control my Wemo Mini with Google Assistant. I have unlinked relinked WeMo in the Google home app. I\'ve also done a full factory reset on my WeMo Mini. My WeMo light switch continues to work. UPDATE 3/31/17 App has worked flawlessly since initial setup. I have a Google Home so I normally use that or Google Assistant on my Pixel XL to control me light switch and kitchen nightlight. I am looking forward to the dimmer switch that will be released later this spring \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f. Original: I got a WeMo mini smart plug. Has a hard time during initial setup on my Pixel XL. I had to put it in airplane mode then connect to the WeMo\'s wifi, to keep it from connecting to cell. Then I found out the "connect to hidden wifi" doesn\'t show up on my Pixel. The screen dims when hitting the ... at top right but it doesn\'t show the menu that has Hidden network option listed. I had to start broadcasting the SSID to get it setup and if I hide it after connecting, the switch loses its connection and won\'t reconnect. I hope Belkin fixes this bug in the app and makes it easier to modify network settings after initial setup. If they do I will update my review \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
App no longer works due to location not enabled. I should not have to enable my location to use an app to turn on a device I purchased and was using with no issues till the latest update. I will be looking into returning device as this is utter nonsense.
Works every time (even when I'm far away from home) and my home internet hasn't been hacked yet, so five stars. Just keep the security up to date, please please please and thanks!
Latest update caused problems. Was working fine on Android P until app update screwed up the ability to turn on and off the smart switch by app.
Link upgrade failed. Constant message. I work around.
Since the last update none of my mini's will connect to my wifi. Tried hard reset on each of them and app reinstall to no avail. Bricks apparently.
Are you kidding? I can't even performe a simple search on an artist of an oil painting. Also, FWI, I have been a art business for over 3 decades and I believe I know what I'm taking about. Your art and culture app is a joke. Google is becoming another Microsoft, slowly but surely, can't wait to have some another brilliant mind to come in and show you how its done. You're wrapped in your Google thing and think you got the universe for yourself. There is always a shelf life for everything including your new CEO who is just an empty drum, get real, art and culture? seriously? Go at least take some art classes, preferably in Europe before you make this app which is really a joke. Sorry I'm just expressing my opinion.
Unable to set up smart devices despite several days if troubleshooting. Much less reliable than other smart home apps that I have used
Their "smart" switches aren't that smart. Setup is takes a while and they get disconnected often.
Latest update finally fixed the setup issues with the smart plugs. So far they're working great. Here's to hoping they'll go a few more updates without breaking things again.
Every upgrade causes at least one smart mini plugs to go off line...very frustrating as some are located behind furniture
Every time the power goes out we have to redo the whole thing and now we can't get it to work horrible interactive
I was expecting to be able to set several different on off times for each switch during the evening. It is only possible to set one ON time and you can either specify the off time or a certain duration for a timed off time. As it is the app is extremely slow, the action is pretty slow, and for what it does, a simple analog timer device would do the same thing and perhaps even more. I'm running Android 8 on Galaxy S7. This product is going back to Costco
The app is hit or miss linking up with our wemo devices. Currently it can't be trusted to consistently perform in the manner it is advertised.
Useless app and device (wemo mini). I tried many different WiFi passwords for my AP, going down to all lower case letters and nothing worked. "Save" button does not work and device cannot connect to my AP.
The app now demands access to your device's location, and no longer works correctly, but no reasonable reason is provided.
Worst smart app ever. Cannot connect to wemo plug at all and super slow always spinning. Do NOT buy wemo as their support help for nothing just ask you to reset everything and try again and again and no clue what they are doing. Waist hours and hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's ok but takes longer to start up than other home smart apps based on just the few I've tested; Nest, Ring or Lifx. Therefore not by just phone performance. Also, at least for my device it's perpetually attempting to update one of the wemo switches to no luck.
When if works it's fine. Unfortunately the upgrades never work especially the bulbs. Can be a real hassle.
It works half the time and the other half I try forever to fix it and that's takes forever!! Really annoying and it shouldn't be like this
Works well though I think programming lights/ "rules" could still be more intuitive. Wish List Items!: -Create feature to schedule light dimming to specified level automatically at set time periods. -Create feature to schedule vacation/ away mode. I am otherwhise enjoying Wemo light automation. THANKS!
I don't like the new location app permissions please fix, and can you make a dark mode theme!!!! Also a way to make a tab for like a different house bc currently I have some in 1 house and I have some in another and don't want them in the same page! Thank u love the app I sell these all the time, customers love them!
This used to work fine until all the latest firmware updates, now some devices appear when connected to my home network and some appear when connected to 4G. The rules work some of the time but not to be relied on for turning lights on and off if away from the house. Time to try another manufacturer.
Great features!... I wish I could use those features without bugs preventing the app from working properly .
Upgrades to the switches always fail. Haven't been able to run a schedule on my lights for months
Needs alot of work too make user friendly. Make it direct simple not all users are 8 year collage educated. Thank you
Setting up devices is a pain in the butt, getting it to sync to the cloud is another painful task to do. Stay away from these devices.
Unfortunately, this WeMo app simply would not connect with the WeMo plugs. Into the trash they go.
Bought a wemo switch and installed the app a year ago and was very disappointed in both. Put in a drawer and moved on. I tried it out again just today and bugs in both the app and the switch for Android users seem have been fixed for the most part. Changed my review from a 1 to 4 stars.
Did everything right EXCEPT, timer vs. controlled device is backwards and difficult to follow. Rather than select a device and then associate the timer rules to it you create & select the rule first THEN select which devices you want to associate to that rule. Backwards but otherwise done very well.
Using four right now in 3 different rooms, everything works very well. Planning to add a few more around the house.
Update the firmware update doesn't work. Only two of the 8 plugs work. I've contacted support but no one has replied.
Worst apps i ever have ever use, I spend a lot of money invested in this device and now I am so disappointed. Devices don't reconnect if power goes out. Not good in my opinion.
Works great once connected. App is useless to reconnect
Your device will occasionally just disappear for no reason. The only way to fix is to clear data, and re-launch it on the same network with all your devices. So annoying as you loser all your link to other apps. Also, the UI is so outdated.
Still buggy as hell but why do you need my location? I wish it would stop asking me that. There's no need to know my location to access my wifi so stop bloody asking me!
Can't ride through power failure. Electricity comes back on and this product can't figure out it was on before the power failure
New update now nothing works. You can't set up schedules and won't turn on or off my switches. Ok I uninstalled it and reinstalled 3 times. Still doesn't work. I had to install an older version.
The app keeps crashing from my mobile devices. I can't even set up my crockpot. I delete the app. Turn off device. Reinstall the app. Open the app. And it crashes before I cen even set anything up. Crashes every time I open it. Fix the damn app!
The first few months the app and all of my WeMo devices of which I have about a dozen worked most of the time now I can't get them to work at all.
Day 1 review... App works well but has a few glitches here and there (not refreshing, timing out, spinner going for a minute while its thinking/connecting/communicating). It works to control my light which is about all I need.
Never found my wifi despite painstakingly trying ALL the troubleshooting tips. Horrible app.
Often left in the dark, with the WeMo lost in WiFi... Hope the new update works.... Wemo went back into hiding, at least it sticks to the scheduled on/off settings I made.
Does not have good setup instructions. They could have added one time on off for each device, instead of adding rules. Timer function is missing.
This was great until the most recent update. Now, no using Google home or Amazon echo to turn the switch on and off, it's one selling point is now useless and no functional. Please fix it! Android 8 and 9.
Trash. Don't waste your money. Difficult to set up. Garbage. Garbage. Garbage.
Really rough on the initial set up.... you are not keeping up with the volume and inserting IFTTT ain't the solution. Try to clean it up... By the way: be sure to disable auto update unless you like having the lights go out at inconvenient moments. Or else keep the bathroom nite light ... ....
So many bugs and issues I don't know where to start. So much time wasted.
App is very very slow and not as straightforward to use as it could be. Following recent update, I can't get the auto off timer to work.
Literally the worst. Almost never works properly.
Too slow....too many bugs...I have been "upgrading" for 2 days...costco purchase...they should have done their homework....I will not buy anything before reading reviews
Last update makes the new switchs appear and disappear. It won't even recognize my older switch now. Please fix.
I haven't used it enough to rate, but every program asks for a rate immediately, so I have nothing good or bad to say
Either the app or the devices need work. Good but not great performance using either Echo Dot or Google Home.
The app works fine on my phone. It does have its quirks with Alexa.
Use it every morning to start my espresso machine from bed... Yeah, I know 1st World Problems!
I keeps going off and this time I could not get it to run I am going to give it to someone I dislike just to iss him off
With the latest updates all my smartplugs are not showing up in my app and the amber and white light blinking.
Counted on this to cycle lighting while we were away, does NOT do anything. Tells me it is active, lighr power was NEVER turned on, light switch was on.
The app works, but their servers have issues with Google assistant and their customer service acts clueless
This app is horrible! Would not connect to the plug. It would find my wifi. Slow as hell on top of it all!!
I'm not going to give your app my location. You don't need it, so stop asking for it
It takes some time to set this up but it does work very well after you get it all figured out..
App is laggy..always searching for devices on the main page. Can't you store any info about my devices?
So is the app just going to stop working, along with my lights, every time I upgrade to a new version of Android???
Widgets never work. Unable to setup new dimmers on Pixel XL 2. Google assistant also barely works.
Got a new router. App won't set up 2 of my 4 Wemo plugs. No useful help in the app and set up is extraordinarily difficult.
Either the latest app or device firmware has broken all the integration with Google assistant and Google home. Sucks
Stopped working after a while and now can't connect to the device. App is also not as straightforward as it should be
Constantly loses light switches and fails upgrades. Now I have to figure out why the upgrade failed.
Terrible, Everytime electricity goes out it's a nightmare to set it back up. Never upgrades firmware.
The app is extremely slow. My WeMo can no longer be controlled via Google assistant.
Not very happy at first because I couldn't connect my 4 new dimmer switches to my Echo because the skill would not enable but they finally fixed their servers as support said they would and all my devices are working now.
Never connects. Horrendous UI. If I had known, I would never have purchased these plugs.
Took a couple of tries to recognize the router. Once it did they work very well. A package of 2 at Costco is $39, I expect there will be more in my future.
i have 10 wemo switches and i hate them all including this dumb app. nothing works
A nice idea, but you can walk over to the outlet and turn your device on, by the time the app is launched and connected to the smart plug. When you enable a schedule, the smart plug turns on and off at random.
Whenever it updates it never completes both sides. One side always says couldn't update.
Rubbish hardware. Won't fw update. Had for 2 years now and constantly hassling to upgrade fw. 100% fails.
Everytime I attempt to update the software it always fails. I continually get notifications to update which is very annoying.
Can't use remotely. Even with cellular data on, and can't use for more than. One location. Tech support useless.
It has been working pretty well for the last three years with ligth switches and outlets i have.
Little buggy and pain in ass at times but awesome still.. gotta love wireless everything
Why do you need location access all the sudden?
Most of the app works, but it's pretty ugly and needs a UI updates desperately.
Why does this app now need my location data when it worked just fine before? I will never purchase another Belkin product ever again.
App constantly crashes, device falls off the network often, app super slow
Will not update firmware. It is in standyby mode and does not respond to instructions from the app.
I only have one WEMO light switch, but it's always worked great and I need a few more when they go back on sale.
Surprisingly bad. App is slow and often unresponsive. Rules don't appear to work at all.
Too much trouble to set up and maintain functionality. Expected more from a name like belkin. Still shithouse two years on bugs out all the time. Duck you for warding my money and time Belkin.
Changed WiFi networks and can't get it to stay sync'd up to the new network
At first I thought this Wemo Power Outlet was just a novelty (I found it for $1 at a garage sale) but I've grown to really like it. The app runs fine on my z Force running 8.0 and I especially love the widget. 4g or WiFi the widget is surprisingly responsive for something pinging to 3 different devices. Also, my friends reactions are priceless when the lamp just "randomly" turns on haha. Addendum: I was surprised to see so many negative reviews and problems with it. The Belkin website says the newer Android OS' require the location data as part of the network protocol in order to connect devices so a lot of problems might be summed up by biting the bullet and allowing location services :-/ Edit 2: Another thing that might help is when setting up rules and schedules it looks like your device is already chosen but you actually have to click the name and tell it what you want it to do, whether it's "on at", "off at", or both. May not help much but just something I noticed that was preventing me from setting up a schedule and made it appear like it didn't recognize my device.
Very good when you first set it up, but if you change your router you need to reset it to factory, uninstall app and start from scratch.
Wemo light switch works well. Wemo mini switches (2) quit working.
Now annoying location information request on startup.
The persistent location permission prompt is unacceptable.
Belkin wemo socket will not connect to android tablet. Followed every instruction but keep getting message wifi password incorrect even though it's correct. Its going in the bin.
Total crayola say it must track location. I will trash these.
Keeps failing so many times and dose not present rellevant errors to search for.
Difficult to program. Not intuitive. Waiting for support fo a very very long time. Locked up.
Annoying and flaky. Can't rely on it whilst I am away
There is no reason to suddenly be demanding my location data. The app worked fine before. Avoid Wemo.
Factory reset will not work cannot connect to a different router
complicated menu, not user friendly, take forever to conect to wifi
It is a constant struggle to get my devices to appear in the app.
Sort of buggy and unnecessary workarounds needed to connect minis to wifi.
Too many updates. Have access to many things you don't need.
App does not work consistently with Samsung S8 +. This is my second Wemo switch , or should I say it's my last!?
Very inconsistent. Almost no documentation. Doesn't perform as documentation says it will.
This thing sucks, so many times wont work.
Not very easy to get set up, in fact very difficult
Stop bugging users for location permission. You don't need it.
Takes hours to update and becomes unusable every time it does
Hit or miss. When it works it works well. Unfortunately it drops connection often.
Garbage, it can't find any of my wemo devices.
It is very inconsistent. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
Too hard to set up, it's the worst app ever
Simple to program for a non tech like me. Overall I like it. Can't figure out how sunrise/sunset program works though. I'll tinker with it a little more to learn.
Wemo keeps losing touch with my Google home.
Honestly, this app is awful. Slow, buggy, and just a drag on my day.
Don't bother to buy. App can't control lights correctly.
Doesn't work if my phone is not connected to wifi
Latest version not detecting devices on Android Pie
Both device and App fail after 6 months
Could use more help along the way when things aren't just perfect.
Can't get the smart plugs to work
Rarely works. Constantly have to reboot it and it may work correctly for a day or 2, then it won't turn on or off, just dithers itself.
Unable to find wifi networks piece of junk!
Works well for both OTA and wifi. I have the insight connected to the refrigerator and a mini for a great room light. Enjoy having them. Plan to add more.
Allows me to have a light on at intermittent times to simulate someone is home
It stopped working for no apparent reason.
Does not work, either ios or android
If you have a "connect to IFTTT" button that allows either log in with Facebook or Google, is it too much to ask that actually works?
Absolute garbage. Slow, buggy app. Skip this one.
When it works, it works fine. Rules sometime fail for no obvious reason .
Latest update broke Google Home functionality.
Does NOT work with my Samsung phone
Connects then disconnects every three seconds
I think it's a great device works perfect no issues keeps perfect temperature the unit itself stays cool and actually works real well
No Google Assistant. Very awkward size.
Generally confusing UX and buggy functionality.
Works most every time. I have had two occasions when it wouldn't work.
Extremely poor instructions for setting up the on-and-off schedules.
Really clunky firmware update process!
Terrible, followed the instructions, never successful.
Does not interface with their hardware well at all. Spent a fortune on 5 plugs and they dont even show up
Should be simple and straight forward for a switch but prepared to make.numerous attempts to get it working.... definitely.notmplug and go...
Once you get it going it's great. I use Google assistant with wemo. Control cooking from my phone. Great. Wish it was black to match kitchen.
Compared to the iOS version it works badly.
Finding the "end time" for a schedule is annoying.
I have yet to encounter an issue.
App is not very user friendly.
Timers do not work. Terrible
Crashes immediately on my Note9 and can't connect to my Wemo Mini on my Pixel, both phones are fully up-to-date.
Works to manually turn off and on the outlets but would not create schedules or any other type of rule.
One star for the latest version, it now can't save rules. Clearly the developers didn't test the App before releasing.
Very happy, does what it says on the box. Love the away mode and ability to control/overwrite from afar.
Doesn't work with my Pixel 2 phone. Worked great in my prior Droid phone. FIX IT!!
Since I bought my devices and installed the app on my phone, I'm able to control my lights and switches without any trouble.
Gets to confused when adding a new device
very poorly done install instructions
What a piece of garbage software and hardware
These products are overpriced junk.
Updates are way too cumbersome.
Switches still go missing.
The app is not intuitive.
Most complicated app to use.
For how popular this product line is, the app is very basic, almost rudimentary. Works though
Can't turn off devices during firmware upgrade. Upgrades that take far too long.
Nice app to complement the light switch. Customer service was excellent when I had installation questions. Would highly recommend.
Love this app, make my life easier and all under controls plus easy to set up.
App keeps quitting and wont let me set up my wemo plug
The app works perfectly for me. Did exactly what it is supposed to. You can put it on a schedule, or do it manually. Awesome.
Great. I use it to reset the computer, or security system, when it freezes while I'm away.
After years of working ok it decided to stop. Will never buy another
Not bad... It's a bit buggy but it does what it's meant to
Now requires that you grant app access to your location. "Sure, sounds safe." - No One.
I like the product. The app just takes too long to start
New update asks for location access every time.... Why do you need this? You don't...
Slow, clunky, and buggy app
Love this product. It's easy to use the hardest part was getting it set up to my WiFi
Keeps disconnecting and now I can't set a schedule or connect to Alexa.
It does not work
b"Update takes forever and doesn't really update! Can't control anything ??"
App startup and detection is slooow. But once that happens it does what it's supposed to.
This app is garbage, terrible!!!!
Updated the firmware on my outlets and now they'll turn off randomly...
Great to be able to fix my lights from anywhere. Takes a while to figure out changing "rules".
I had to call for assistance to set up the app but once everything was set up it's been great
Having a hard time getting it to connect to Google home
Works great,but problems with wemo mini
Works great with switches most of the time. Haven't tried the rest of the integrated items.
App icon should follow the adaptive icon standards that have been around for 2 years now...
Used to be great. It's a load of rubbish now.
Have to continually reboot it as the app won't find it.
Stable but constantly fails to upgrade the firmware.
I love it. I got one for free and then bought another to use in a different room
Works every other update, and to many updates.
Thanks for updating to latest version thanks
4th switch that does not connect
Forced closed upon launched. BB key2. Please fix. Thanks.
Works as promised. Not much more to ask for.
Cannot link to Google Home.
This works just like it should. Can't wait to get more devices.
It sucks! A lot!
I can't reset the device
Switch you can Automate
Love it. It. Is part of our lives! J
Always having issues
Doesnt connect- an then theres firewire updates that crash everything
Keep on disconnected from network
Hate your product
Honestly does what it is supposed too. No issues thus far!
Great product, installation was a little tricky.
Works well. Easy to use. I plan to add more devices to it in the future.
By the time I set this up I could have enjoyed a vacation
Took some time to install but great customer service.
Last day after new update it eont work as before
Took a while for the initial setup but works great since
Works great never had any problems A+
Worst app.
Stay away from the dimmer!!!!!
Very Convenient, my home is smarter because of WeMo
Just go buy some. They work, they work well.
Love being able to turn lights off and on from anywhere.
So far so good, home automation awaits
Wemo mini switches work very well for Alexa
Works better than my other smart plugs
Works when it wants.
Will not connect to the device after many attempts
Love the features.. But really love the watt meter
So easy to set up and use. Love it!
It works well. Turns on from a distance.. no complaints.
Very useful device with a highly buggy software.
programme a easy way to reset and repair divice.
Supper buggy.
The app works well and is easy to use.
Setting up rules is not terribly intuitive.
Works well.
The app is fine but the product sucks
Love being able to turn a light on from the driveway
Works great we use the timer daily
Design of the app looks like it's from 2012.
Sometimes it works great, sometimes I have to reset.....
Works great, easy to pair with devices.
Simple and straight forward. Seamless set up.
Does exactly what it is supposed to. Works well
Much improved over earlier versions.
So far great. Works as advertised
Love my fresh coffee in the morning
Good app., Needs more improvements.
Very reliable.
Works well, easy to setup.
Never works
Works great. Love the timer
Updated to useless
Slow to update
Hooked up great. Then died.
Really love it. Enjoy lots
Pure torture!!!!!
Seems to be working fine S8.
Widget response needs work.
Update issues
So far it's been good.
Love my wemo!
easier to use than before
Best invention since the wheel
Wish it worked better with ifttt.com
Quick, intuitive setup
Works great!
No surprises. WYSIWYG.
Much room for improvement
Sucks
Works great.
Great app.
Great!
Love it!
Great when it works
Great app
Easy setup
easy to use
Trouble
Great
Cool
Love it
Awesome
Awesomeness
Like others have said before, the fact that a change to existing wifi like changing password causes you to have to go through complete setup of every switch again makes using this for whole home a non starter. I have 7 stitches today, and would like to have 20-30 but I change wifi password every month and I would have to reset every device individually. This should be easy for company to address in software update as they have connection to devices already via wifi. I should be able to change via app first and then go and chnage password on router and everything should work. Not sure why these developers cant solve this issue.
Far from smooth. Be prepared to reconnect multiple times a month and go through the whole process again. Then hope the buggy app actually works. We're not quite on the bridge of the starship enterprise yet... Oh and just a pet peeve, please stop putting LED lights on everything. I have to put tape on all of them from keeping my room from looking like Christmas 24/7, 365. On a sorta positive ending, when it works, it works well.
It's really great, I have it in a room devoted entirely to four of my cats. My old bedroom actually, and knowing they have light when they need it and being able to control that from anywhere in the world is quite relieving. Mostly it works as it's supposed to, sometimes they walk by it, tripping the motion sensor on the plug, turning off the light themselves. Yet more often than I'm comfortable with the thing turns off and on for absolutely NO reason. I'll be in there, screen off on my phone, nobody anywhere near the plug, and it will go off at times where it would be funny for somebody watching me through the wifi camera I have in there as well. Just a little weird, and yes my wifi, camera and wemo light are all password protected independently of each other.
Once you get it working it's fine, but... getting devices added is a joke... despite claims, it does not seem compatible with mesh routers so be prepared to break out your old router just to support this, and good luck dealing with re adding it to each of your phones every time you do anything that resets the device or the phone, they don't sync the connection stuff into the cloud it's just resident on the phone. Frankly, a good idea done on the cheap and it shows.
Please stop discontinuing app support or at least post up that you are willing for developers to take over, your products are amazing and much more affordable compared to say t3lstra home package sitting on around $500 plus AUD for few bulbs and power points. Au cannot find them instore anymore and your site is no longer selling pieces to au.
The app works, sometimes. I have three wemo mini plugs working fine, but recently I tried to add another and no matter how many times I uninstall the app or reset the plug (also tried a second new plug), the app will not recognize new plugs. It still works with the old ones. Great app, Belkin. I blocks you from using your products.
Shortly after moving into a new home we did not yet have a security system but we went on vacation. It was nice being able to randomly switch lights on and off at different times. Some nights, like Fri/Sat, I would turn it on/off like someone was walking into/out of the bedroom quickly to get something. If nothing else it gave passers by a reason to wonder "what if they are home?" Easy to install and use, and inexpensive. No complaints. Will probably buy even more switches. Good for the times when the kids don't want to go into a dark room, but you don't want to be bothered to get up either.
Awesome! I use mine with a Samsung SmartThings Hub, motion sensors, and multipurpose open/close sensors. They work 100% of the time and I never have problems with mine. They were easy to install and setup. They update the firmware regularly and the App is an added bonus. You can even schedule lights to come on at certain times like at sunset and go off at dawn. These switches are Amazing and I've been using them for years now. I replaced every switch in my house with these, except for the three way switches since these are not compatible with those. For those I used GE smart three way switches. Belkin you are doing a great job!!!! Please keep up the great work!!!!
This product was easy to setup to control lights and other plug-in devices. We now have (4) WEMO devices. The first few months have been great and then we started having devices quit working randomly. Resetting the devices is not always easy. I am lowering my ratings from 5-Stars to 3-Stars after two years of use. It does not appear Belkin is trying hard enough to get the bugs out.
This is a revision of a revision. I've been using WeMo since it came out years ago and watched it improved steadily over time. However it's time for me to part ways with WeMo. The constant dropping off of the WiFi and the tech support people keep telling me it's my wireless router. I'm done. I have spent no less than $600 on new routers repeatedly in an effort to get the WeMo to work properly. I have since switched to smart life devices and no problems at all on any of the routers I purchased. WeMo, you need to get it fixed. I would say if you're going to buy WeMo, proceed with caution.
So far I love it. I can turn things on with the touch of a button or with my voice using Alexa. Works great when you're away from home. Bought 2 double packs. Then went back for a third with no place for them yet. They were on sale so I'll find a place fo6 them. The beginning of my smart home automation.
Great until the power goes out. If my wifi doesn't kick in before the wemos then you're left with flashing switches and useless plugs. Wemo help says "unplug the device" will no if they are behind heavy furniture hence the idea of paying over the top prices for a plug. Can't take the switch out of the wall every time the power goes out. Only option is to flick off the fuses. If you search for this issue it goes back years.wemo don't want to fix it
They never sync correctly and every time there is the slightest change to the wireless network you have to spend an hour resetting them. If this is really the best they can do it is not good enough. Update a few years later... they have come a long way. Can still be quirky in the set up, but very reliable now.
The reason for my 4 star review is because the app designers didn't use scrolling numbers when setting timers. That's mind boggling. Even an amateur would include that. Overall though, the app does what it needs to do for me. I have a simple setup with timers to come on and turn off and getting that setup was very straightforward. The longest part is the initial connection to the plug itself.
App works well as and is easy to use however every wemo device I have purchased required a factory reset even straight out of the box. Shouldn't have to reset when new and setting up first time. Other than that, I love all my devices and never had one fail yet.
I have never hated an app more in my entire life. I have been on the phone with Belkin for an hour now and I still can't get the damn thing connected. I can only turn on the device when I am directly connected to it's WiFi network. I cannot ever see the devices after connecting to my home network and only get errors when trying to enable remote connections. Google Pixel 2 using Android P.
Wish this Wemo app had on/off notifications, which I'm currently getting through the IFTTT app with a one-minute delay. Aside from that, this app is pretty simple to link up and use. Also, it would be great if all wifi-enabled smart plugs would be compatible with the wink hub.
Cool...when it works. Unreliable AF. On the rare occasion when I need it, like when I'm away from home and need to turn in lights, all of my wall plugs have fallen out of set up and I need to be home to reset them...and the set up maybe works on the third try. Do I need to baby sit this system? I give WEMO a generous 3 stars because you're on to something good...eventually...I think.
I was so excited to get my WeMo and have plans to buy more for myself and family this Christmas but I can't get it to work on my 4G network. I also can't get it to work from my Wifi at school. I do enjoy being able to make a schedule for turning the lights on and off...way better than the timer I had but too expensive for just a timer if I can't control away from home which is why I bought it.
Seriously buggy app. I'm actually surprised at how bad it is. There are other apps on the play store that work better with the wemo products than this app! But you need this one to do the initial setup :-( UPDATE: removing a star because it's worse now than before. Crashes, cannot create rules, no updates to app, fails when updating firmware. Just really bad. UPDATE: Still just a bloated, poorly written app. New phone, new install, no work.
Terrible. Still terrible. They keep marketing and selling these things to unsuspecting buyers.. but they simply are garbage. Customer support is non existent. They don't even know how to help you reset your switch. The switches sometimes work.. But they will eventually always stop working. They do not re-connect to network after power failure. They do not work as advertised. Do not buy Belkin. They put more money into advertising than they do into product development and support. Simply a joke.
Update: June 2018. Still the worst software ever. If would be possible to give zero star, I would. After the last update, the program stop working. It does not open any more. Very bad. One year ago..... Having all kinds of problems. The app is full of bugs. Unfortunately I bought 14 Wemo switches, but would not recommend at this stage. Keep saying that all WeMo devices are downloading updates, and freezes. Uninstalled, reinstalled many times. Really bad. Do not recommend
The firmware won't update, it tries then fails- every time. You can't set up rules or schedules anymore, lost that ability well over 9 months ago. Basically this is a plug with an app that you can turn it on and off. Period. They need to fix this as it is awful now. It does connect to google mini but again all that does is give me a 'light switch'.
Works fine most of the time, but can be a pita to get programed. You go thru all the steps to set up rules, set times for on/off. Save everything - double check times and when lights do not come on when they are suppose to you go back to program and time reverts to some other time. Have to go thru whole process again. Real pita when all you want to do is change the times and have it save the changes.
App is buggy, both ios and android. Also updates fail often and the rules you create for devices simply don't work all of the time. On ios I had the same issues. Bought a 3 times cheaper alternative on aliexpress, that app is smooth, has more options and the power socket is smaller.
The people who write the software would be better off making burgers at McDonalds. Actually McDonalds cooks could do better writing the software. Every time there is a firmware update, the rules get lost. This time, the app won't let me write any new rules. Update - The software was improving until the last release. Back to bad again. Software loses track of status. Turn on a lamp in the night and it cannot be turned off again. Once again, a piece of garbage!!! Don't purchase...
Software is very bad.. I am ok with the fact that it's not looking very nice. Bad user experience. UI but at least it should work correctly. Can not connect to new WeMo light switches anymore. Going by circles when trying to setup. Not removed using it, spending time if the company can not find time make it work.
Terrible. Don't waste your time/money on this. The firmware upgrade process frequently fails, devices disappear, or stop responding to triggers. And one bulb in particular can't be controlled from a cell network. I've manually reset the whole system more times than I can count. This is not supposed to be this problematic.
Bought a wemo wall switch, using Android and Alexa. The device is connected to the wifi, have good internet, the app can control the device BUT I can not set it to allow remote access so Alexa can't connect or bridge. 2 hours with tech support and no resolution. Looked on l line and found dozens of people with the same experience. Had been using less expensive insignia products but was trying to upgrade. Guess what is going back in the box and back to best buy? A waste. Try other products, not wemo.
Frastrating slow reaction, poor design and very confusing, very far from Android guidelines. Often it takes ages to complete creating a new rule just to find out that it was failed. I'm very disappointed. I had higher expectations from Belkin. UPDATE: Rarely updates, so I'm kind of stuck with it. Commo'n Belkin, fix it! I'm on the hunt for a replacement smart switch.
Do yourself a favor and buy another product from any other company. This only allows you to connect 1 location meaning it has to be on the same wifi. The ability to control it remotely stops working after a couple of hours meaning don't take a vacation or it won't work until you get back. The product is just awful.
When first opening the app it always shows all of my demos as not connected. Then I hit refresh at the top and then it shows all of my semis online. Then within 3 seconds they start to go grey again but I am able to control them before they go grey... what the heck is wrong with this app? Also, alexa integration works 4 out of 10 tries... wemo blows. Go to tplink.
The only reason I haven't sold the smart plugs I have off yet is because they work with Google Home...that's it. The Wemo app is terrible, I have setup rules that don't work...firmware updates fail on certain plugs...it's super slow... It's unreal that such a HUGE Company and brand like Belkin would have such a terrible app/software like this...says a lot about the company's priorities--not the customer, that's for sure.
I really enjoy using the WeMo system. Only draw back is the set up. At times, I find linking new devices unpredictable. Sometimes it works right off. Other times you have to follow the directions which is cumbersome or it doesn't work until after you give up out of frustration. Either way, when it works, it's excellent.
Great idea. Terrible implementation. Bought a PKG of 2 Wemo mini plugins from Costco. 1st mini install went ok. 2nd was impossible, despite instructions and blogs all over web. Try to find a competitor or wait for kinks to be solved. Glad I can return for full refund.
Updates fail more than work, constantly have to trouble shoot to keep everything working. Have two types of plugs, wall switches and bulbs. One bulb for unknown reasons won't update. When they work it's great. When they don't work it takes hours to sort the problem.
It was working fine until it had a firmware update. Now it won't connect for anything. The app is horrible by design, and useless. Reading through all the comments they should be aware of it and fix it. I haven't seen one response from them though. It's like this product is a prank. Built to piss people off
It took me literally 4 years to get my switch to work correctly. Might have been an internet speed issue, but once we got it up and running, we love it. It periodically doesn't respond, but it's an easy fix. The kids think it's magic asking Alexa turn the lights on.
I've had several WEMO products (20 total) for a few years now, the service has improved over time. I've removed the Nest integration permanently because of reoccurring issues. I've stopped using the WEMO app except for the Holmes/WEMO heater. My issue with the heater is that it sometimes indicates on the app that the temperature is 163 degrees and it also doesn't work with SmartThings or Stringify. I have to unplug the heater to reset. I've slowly been replacing the WEMO wall switches with GE Z-Wave Plus switches that work with my SmartThings hub. I generally use the SmartThings app now. I still have 5 WEMO wall switches to replace with GE Z-Wave Plus. If you're new to smart home technology WEMO is a good starter way to do it, but you'll later find out that Z-Wave and Zigbee technology offer so much more.
Painful setup. Took hours. The password cannot have any special characters or spaces. To change my wifi password had to completely uninstall the software and then reinstall. You nobility to have one app control WeMo devices located in two separate buildings is a major limitation that seems ridiculous in this day and age. I suggest another brand.
Changed my review from 2 to 1 star. Horrible app interfere, difficult to setup and lacks support for wink hub. Do not get any wemo products you'll be locked into only getting wemo products. Instead get the Wink hub 2 and your free to purchase hundreds of different brands, most which are cheaper, so in the long run you'll save some money too.
When is the beta going to finish? Worse than ever before, won't connect to my home wifi despite multiple resets of both router and the wemo hub. nothing but trouble from day 1.
To ensure smooth setup, must follow product instruction first. If so, everything soomth. Otherwise, nothing works. Also, the app does not provide a way to handle the scenario of user entering the wrong wifi password. If i were not tech savvy, i would have difficulty In a nutshell, i do not give a full 5 rate, because the app user interface has still room for improvement.
Everything was working relatively fine for a while. Then I added a new switch and the app said it needed a firmware update...now nothing works...devices will randomly show as missing.... using the app will cause my phone to lose wifi connection....no way to reset the app or remove devices.... complete garbage.
The hardware is cool and affordable. Overall it works well except there are about 75 devices showing up as on my network that aren't mine. No way to remove them that I can tell. Tech support doesn't answer the phone. Also, it randomly forgot all the rules requiring them to be set up again.
Had this for a few years now. Refuses to find even one of my insight switches or the older switches. Yet can remote access my network. So only woks locally. App and set up says remote enabled!! App lacks features and 4 years on the App remains poor. Despite contacting tech support Rules still cannot be saved for switch or insight switch. The app simply gets stuck with circular hour glass making them pointless or just fails to save them or show the ones created??? Software still needs a lot of work! App permissions also seem excessive. Settings seem tricky, even with updates on various Android devices!
Love hate relationship with this. When it works, its great! When its broke or needs update, I hate it. Currently, after the latest firmware upgrade, I can no longer add or edit schedules. All devices are on and connected. Great potential, but poor stability and such a basic and slow interface. Looking forward to a fix for the scheduling issue. Still having issues after reconfig, even with a new device. Don't invest in these!!
Works only half the time. I never have to reinstall like most of the reviews, if you refresh in the app, that fixes problems most of the time. It is still full of bugs and needs updated. I hate the LED lights, the size of some of the products, and the price. It is awesome when it works and user friendly.
It works pretty good. It tracks usage accurately according to what my electric motorcycle says it's using. I use it to see what I'm spending on electricity instead of gas. Only issue I have is it loses connection when I turn it on and off, but I relaunch the app and it connects most of the time.
App is very basic but works. The only thing is that sometimes the app wont read right. For instance it sais a device is on when its really off. Additionally sometimes the buttons to activate or shut off wont work. So I just have Alexa turn the devices on or off. Otherwise pretty good.
Spent hours trying to connect wemo switch to home network. Fails and crashes through every step of the process forcing you to redo the entire tiresome process all over again. No details about the exceptions. Very slow to load screens (if/when it successfully goes to next screen).
App works okay, but consistently says that an update is available. When I touch accept and update, it starts spinning, as if its doing an update, but it never completes the update. Besides, I have the update setting set to auto update, so it shouldn't be asking me to do an update. Crazy and very annoying! This makes me distrust and lose confidence in the app.
Can no longer edit any of the rules for my devices I previously set up. Apparently this is a common problem. All attempts to reinstall, wipe, reboot the app, has not helped. At this point I'm considering just getting new switches.
Let me know when your app becomes compatible with Android 9. Right now it is not! And why won't your your wemo smart plug mini connect to my 2ghz network? I think I will be returning these 2 smart plugs which aren't as smart as they should be. VERY FRUSTRATING.
Honestly the worst IoT device / app I've ever had to deal with. The homepage widget button works on one click and then you have to go into the app and force quit in order to use the widget button again. Firmware updates don't do anything and half the time I try opening the app it takes forever to connect to the device.
In having technical issues and it's super frustrating. The set up is not as easy as it seems, it also randomly disconnected from my google home. I would suggest you get the tp link instead of a wemo smart plus.
The troubleshooting guide recommends such gems as restarting your Android device. The app loses connection, says "looking" and offers a button that says "look". So now I have a window that says "looking" on top of a status that says "looking". I wired this thing in 15 minutes but the lights flash yellow. Make a GD manual belkin. Your app doesn't even integrate YouTube properly.
This is a very tough app to use. It is very slow, usually taking 10-15 seconds just to load the app to toggle a light. The firmware update dialog pops frequently, but fails to update when asked. I like the concept of the widgets for quick access, but they are also slow and fail to toggle even when on the wirless lan with a strong signal (phone, linksys AP and switch all in same room).
Worst app I have ever seen, the UI is terrible and everything else works badly. It is very complicated to setup and as a whole is terrible. I do not recommend to purchase WeMo products simply because of their app. FIX IT
Hit or miss. I have 6 Wemo switches. Sometimes they all connect, sometimes one or two or more don't connect, sometimes the one that's on goes off for no reason. When I try to turn it back on, it goes offline. Definitely not reliable. I have several other brands web devices, that work perfectly all the time. I find that if I reinstall the app everything works. So I do that almost every day.
I like the light switches and outlets a lot. However when I try to use the scheduling part it just keeps loading and will not work. I have even contacted customer service and they cannot seem to fix this issue.
Had my wemos for a few years now. Finally the app has been fairly stable and reliable for the last few months (working about 80% of the time - a HUGE improvement) and now they have (about 3 years late!) added Widgets. Great (added one star for this). Only now 2 of my 4 wemos have disappeared so are useless to me. Best advice to give you, don't buy these switches try another make. Just gets worse and worse. Use Kasa plugs instead if I were you.
First. The app is not compatible with Google Home as advertised. Second. Setup was pretty easy and updated were going well and seemed it needed one everyday but at some point the updates were not detecting the devices. App hasn't updated in at least a week. Very unhappy with app and switches
Loved it at first but suddenly nothing works? How can the devices just stop working all at once randomly? When this stuff fails, forget it. You may as well just give up and waste the time and money on support because these things are almost impossible to recover. Nothing should be this difficult.
I am able to turn on all of the outside lights for safety at one time, instead of having to run around the house turning on different switches. Living in the country this is a great safety feature. Also being able to turn off the lights upstairs when the kids forget them on without having to walk all the way up there. Life is so much better. My husband and son are both disabled and can turn the switches on and off by the Alexa app, gives them their independence. Thanks
Works most of the time but only on WiFi - not mobile data. Now the switch opens up as "on" even though I did not turn it on and when I try to turn it off, the app says the light switch is not detected. Unable to disable it as well. Seems like the app is malfunctioning this time.
I bought the Wemo Mini to be able to control away from home AND the office certain equipment. Unfortunately I found out you can currentlyONLY remote ONE location. Setup is a bit of a hassle but eventually if you don't give up you might get it working.
The connected switches will work until Wemo does a firmware upgrade. Afterwards, you will have reinstall the software and reconfigure the switches in hopes of making things work again. Chances are you will have to wait until an additional firmware update becomes available to fix the problems caused by the fist update. Look for a different brand of device.
It's a pretty slow and clunky app. Set up of a new WeMo is tough and takes forever. App often gets stuck and won't find WeMos it saw yesterday. Upgrading switches is hit or miss. Resetting app data is required to fix it every time it gets stuck. Plays poorly with wide WiFi channels. Very very poor quality control by Belkin. But they're the top switch in the game for the price so you're stuck with this app. Get your switches set up and then connect to something else so you can avoid the app. Or reset the app data once set up and you should be okay.
No matter how many times i reset everything. Switches will work fine. Then randomly disappear and cannot be located for days at a time. Then it'll work perfectly with no changes being made. Its really hit and miss. Its the app, the switches show connected to the network via the routers remote app.
Hardware never keeps configuration after a loss of power like when moving from outlet to outlet or if there is a brief power outage. If you're willing to pay shipping you can have my set of 3 mini outlets. Very poor implementation.
The switch needs to be reset every few weeks, or it loses connection with the app. Still have trouble connecting from app after update. Update: 4/18 Been working well without any issues after several updates, so purchased a mini plug; also works well with the same app.
WeMo switches are a great idea and I have three. The implementation is very patchy and frustration continues to mount. Pairing is touchy, updates continually fail and there appears to be no way to retry, remote access says it's both enabled and not enabled. The whole user experience is poor when a simple device has an app with all these issues.
Use the app to control switch. Very difficult to pair/set up device to the home network. Have to uninstall and reinstall several time. App does not control the device very well. Each task will have to quick app and relaunch app. Bad very bad app
Not happy with it. Have been used WINK Hub. Takes some time to open the app and takes more time to be able to turn the light on or off. Instruction on setting it up are not very clear, it was trial and error to finally connect. I am returning the outlet.
I use several smart home products (Philips hue, TP-link, D-Link, Xiaomi, etc..). The WEMO app is the worse of all of them. It's often slow and unresponsive. I have linked the WEMO to my Amazon Echo. I find that the Amazon app works better at controlling the WEMO switches over the native app. One of the reasons I still use my WEMO switches is because the Echo app works pretty good at controlling the WEMO. Otherwise I would have tossed them. With an abosolute certainty, you will encounter issues with WEMO. These will also arise on a regular basis.
This might be the most frustrating device I've ever used. Was a pain to set up, and was very spotty. Tried to do a factory reset, but was never able to set it up again. Hot garbage. Don't waste your money
First it is NOT used friendly at all. However with that being said I only have two light switches and I manage to get the rules set for both. I also have Alexa sync with both switches. But now one switch keeps losing internet. The app is terrible and user confussing. Sorry wemo I will not buy or use your products again.
Crash on opening when connected to wifi, totally unusable now. Update: i original left the review aroumd July 2017. 1 year later its still not fixed. To developer: just give you more infomation. When im on wifi, i cannot open the app and it will crash right way. Turning off the wifi and open it again, things seems fine. Turn on wifi and restart the device, opening the app is fine again.
These work very well. People have no patience. Wish I could buy more at my favorite electronic store. Belkin, please send more of your products out there. To other stores. Thank you for a great product line.
A+!!! Even with Alexa! I've used a few other types of smart plugs/switches and was disappointed. I've had wemo device's for about 3-4 years now. I also have both the old and newer model smart plugs as well as 2 light switches installed for a total of 10 wemo device's in my house as of 2018, and they are FLAWLESS! The timers come on exactly at sunset as probably programmed and they are fantastic with my Amazon Echo. I can even turn on all 10 lamps/ lights with just one simple voice command. No complaints after all these years.
Wont buy wemo again, there is some bug that causes the devices to lose connection. Fortunately they have a nice support team but 30 min later it was up and running. This happend to me twice already. Never buying wemo again.
Software unstable and unpredictable. The devices just went hiding for no apparent reason. The product are so flaky that a butterfly flipping its wing on the other half of the globe will render it useless. Stay far away from this product if you want to have a piece of mind. Run, run run away from Wemo!
Was able to get my mini plugs connectedvia this app but after, it just won't show up on my devices list! My Google home will be able to see the devices and control it, but this app doesn't show anything so I can't even edit my devices. Feels buggy and unreliable as the app fails to produce a device list even when they are connected on my network, and it crashes alot, particularly during device setup.
After hours of trying im returning these junk switches. Utterly frustrated. Found posts from 2015 on their site with my exact problem. They haven't fixed anything. Don't waste your time or money on wemo.
When and if it works, it works okay. But most of the time I constantly have to uninstall and reinstall everything to get it to work, especially when trying to access my devices using the cellular connection. If I knew that I would spend well over 75 hours so far rebuilding and troubleshooting, I would never have purchased any of these Wemo devices !
Oh terrible!! App written by a child no doubt. Doesn't work, doesn't connect, not intuitive. Setup can't find decide - what to do next? No guidelines no nothing. Forget it, back to Costco this piece of trash goes
I have three mini plugs. They always show up as "not detected" in the app and Echo keeps saying it can't find them. I can only control them manually on the plug, manually with the button in Alexa app "smart home" section, or they work on schedule. But I cannot control them by telling Echo or by using this asinine Wemo app. I have to unplug them repeatedly to get them to work again, and that's only a temporary fix. And the one plug controls the light in a curio cabinet and it's a freaking pain to reach and unplug. This is one of the worst products I've ever used. It was simpler and easier to control my things the dumb way.
Ok. I set rules for my child's bedroom to turn a heater off after 10 minutes of use. It didn't turn off. Her room was insanely hot after a couple hours when I finally noticed. Not a reliable product.
Terrible !!! I had always had the odd problem here or there with the app...now Everytime I open the app, all my switches and plugs are there but when I try and use them, they say "not active". Remote is enabled and all firmware is up to date and they just don't work !!
Very clunky. Not a mature application in any sense. It also has a tendency to crash. However, once my Wemo Smart Plugs are programmed, I just leave them be. I never control them remotely. If I used this app frequently, I'd be very annoyed.
Horrible buggy software. The dashboard shows one of 2 minis are active yet the lamp is not on. If I didn't receive these as gifts I would have returned them in a heartbeat.
App worked fine at initial installation but became extremely unreliable and erratic after a short period of time. This has been going on for months now regardless of what I do to correct it. Even with the App problems devices work fine with Echo Dot but not with App. I cannot recommend Wemo products because of this. I do recommend looking for more reliable products other than Wemo.
Who writes the WeMo software? Whoever is responsible needs to go back to school because this is the most buggy software I have ever used. Sometimes it works and sometimes it does not. Complicated and buggy. End of story. Great idea but it sure needs some work.
I bought two plugs at Costco and will return them. It's impossible to setup & connect. My tech skills are quite good. I feel sorry for any one expecting this to be an easy process. Maybe my Moto 4G is not compatible. The Android version is newer than required.
Update: a year later still not working. Running Android 7.0 and I cannot get the rules to save. Also settings screen will not scroll. Please hire a better app shop to build your app and instead focus on the hardware.
For awhile now, I can't make new rules or delete the old ones. They just disappear and never take effect. Most of the time I can connect to my switch and control it.
Once again update problems. Don't update except you will be forced to this time And yes I would like to ask you what have you been doing the last 2 months you should have watched movies. This is MY house not some candy game these devices are integrated to my house.
Got a notice of a firmware update. All my wemo switch and dimmers are stuck in download mode. Google home and Alexa does not see them. Factory reset all switch and dimmers 3 times and reset application clear data and cache. Nothing is working! Fix your God damn product. Was working fine before the firmware update.
All 4 of my wemo plugs stopped working. I have managed to get them to operate again but without Belkin's support. Sent them an email only acknowledged by "No reply" confirmation. Anyhow I had to factory reset my router however the Wemo device don't default to factory settings - They remember network details so change WiFi key forces Wemo to request new key. Save button doesn't do anything but wait and it accepts. Poor service and poor basic build. V1.19.1 build designed for new device launch but screws existing configuration.
Like others have said, it's great... when it works. Whenever there's a firmware update, or my router restarts, or sometimes if it's just been a few weeks, the Rules no longer work and the on/off function of the plug stops responding to the app. At that point, the only way to resolve the problem is a complete factory reset of the device coupled with an uninstall and reinstall of the app. Pretty disappointed, for $35.
This product is a joke. My devices page looks like Christmas lights blinking on and off. Firmware releases are junk and where problems began. Having horrible connectivity issues with these Wemo switches. However, TP-Link devices are all working just fine.
Open the app, go to control my single switch, then it asks me to update the firmware. If I select yes, app crashes. If I select no, app crashes. Can't reopen unless I reinstall app and then I'm back at square one. Google Pixel XL.
The app is a bit slow to open, but once sleep mode, timers, and wifi has been set up, functionality does improve. The light dimmer is much more responsive when you use a voice controlled device, like Amazon Alexa. If the load time was reduced, it would make more sense to use this app to control switches, or if you lived in a rather large home, which I don't.
NEED TO BE ABLE TO GIVE ZERO STARS. Worst app ever. Hasn't worked once in the three years I've owned wemo switches. Can't save activities and settings and about menu doesn't work. Google shouldn't even allow this rubbish on the play store! No wonder Wemo is virtually dead now.
Pathetic! This has to be the slowest app to control anything. It constantly loses sight of devices on the network within 10 feet of the router. I'm about to sell off all my wemo devices and replace them with more reliable Zigbee or Zwave options.
Truly terrible app design with unintuitive, laggy, inconsistent functionality that makes it horrendous to use. Had trouble setting up the plug unless you change the network to 20MHz and channel 1, then took about ten minutes waiting between screens to create one rule. I only have one plug and will not be buying any others. Skip Wemo and get another brand smart plug.
Liked most features, but setup seemed unnecessarily confusing regarding suggestions to change settings in Android temporarily. The worst part about the product is that you can't have two switches on two different networks and control then with the same app. If you have two houses for example get a different product! Or two phones! They have no plans to fix this.
The insite modules are great if you want to know how much power is being used. A recent change of wi-fi router meant updating every single module (we have a lot of them), then it takes forever to find itself, knocking out the wi-fi and the other modules connection. After many, many hours, everything is back to normal. As for the firmware update, it is useless. I tap on yes and nothing happens. I will say, it keeps very accurate time. In contrast, INSTEON, is a better simplersystem.
Its a terrible app that has a bunch of bugs and issue connecting with the switch I bought. For something that should work with smart home devices, it's pretty frustrating. If you still have the chance I'd advise anyone to get another brand. This company is not doing enough to fix these issues with both the app and their switches
App performs well. Rarely, if ever have issues. However, if I ever did want to use it in conjunction with my Nest thermostat it would fail. Never updates correctly to it. Of course Nest has their own app thus no need to control from WeMo app.
The app is just terrible. I was an early adopter of a light switch. I've had it for years. The physical switch works pretty well, but this app is just absolutely terrible. I thought with time, they would develop it more and work the bugs out..... But that has not happened. It started off terrible and is still terrible. Rain shame on Belkin. Hire someone to fix this!!!!!!!
Waste of money bigger waste of time, I have two wemo outlets I can only connect directly to the outlets wifi the app never gives me a choice to sync with my networks WiFi. I have reset the units several times as well as rebooted my router, uninstalled then reinstalled the app. I've even went as far as to completely redo my network. These are trash products I want my money back. Do yourself a favor and buy a different product.
Even in 2018 rules still DON'T work. Trying to see Settings & About doesn't work in the app, instead it always automatically skips to the Rules section which also doesn't work. No matter how many times I repeatedly try to schedule rules the app then never saves them. This has been going on for years now. I can't automate any of my 5 WeMo devices from within the app. I can see all the devices and even rename them in the app but can't apply any rules to them. The only way I can control them via automation is through IFTTT. I can't get it to connect to Google Assistant either and meanwhile my Lifx lights and Nest thermostats connect just fine to Assistant so the problem is only with WeMo for my household.
The devices need to be constantly updated and now it doesnt connect app cannot detect devices. Constant issues since I made the purchase of the devices 4 days ago a waste of money
Three Wemo devices. One insight switch, 2 mini. 2 mini worked intermittently. Got message firmware update. Started update. Both minis failed to work after update. Resetting to factory has not worked. Finally got switches working again. Both minis tried to update again and failed again
This app sucks so bad. Great when it works, but just seems like another example of Android being an afterthought with little to no updates and support. I use it because I already bought and installed the switches, but I would go with TP-Link or another manufacturer before I would go with WeMo again. Hopefully they actually devote some resources to polishing and making this app worth a damn.
Second rate app. Inconvenient to difficult to use. Built in Clock app with my android phone is light years ahead of this app, for example, in how time settings are adjusted. This doesn't say much for the company behind this effort.
I've done many IOT device setups, but never got this one to work correctly. I got the WeMo light switch well within range of router. Could connect to WeMo to configure, but it never linked with the router. Had to perform a "restart --> reset" several times... Fail after fail. I give up. I'll probably switch to another IOT company. As a side note I only tired to configure using my Android because the app was free. Would have considered the iOS app, but why charge $1.99 for it??? Didn't make enough off my device purchase?
Terrible app. I'm not sure this could be worse. Neat platform, but this app is buggy, cannot run in the background (useful if you need to switch wifi networks), and the controls for setting on/off times are unreliable at best. Running on a new LG G7, so it isn't my device.
Mostly it's wonderful, having not-smart things I can turn on remotely. But if I've plugged in a new plug, the app will Not let me do anything else but connect that new thing. I can't check anything else, verify what's still connected, nothing. Which is why I try to add new things all at once.
I have two so far. They both work great. Couldn't ask for much more. When I moved I had trouble setting them up again at first, but it was my fault. I just needed to reset it. Easy
Works decent when it actually works. Constant trouble trying to get them to connect to my network. I've been at it for 30 minutes and it still won't work. 1st one went decent, 2nd won't connect and the website help is useless.
Easy set up, easy use. Very reliable!.......For a few months. Then an update has disconnected my Belkin switches. I factory reset which was simple and had connection for one hour. Again no more connection.
Very disappointed in this app. Belkin used to produce some good kit but sadly no more. Having to reset all the devices every time you reinstall the app is a pain. It doesn't always find the devices. Pretty lame A few years later and not much has changed. DON'T update the firmware.
App is far more responsive after recent firmware updates were released for most of the Wemo devices. Experience is significantly less frustrating than previous. Could do with some Geo-triggering functionality for triggering tasks...not a fan of using via IFTTT.
Worked for 5 days. I went away and set it to auto on and off. After the 2nd day i was away it wouldn't connect. When i got home i checked the wemo and it was broken. No reset, no light, nothing but a waste of money. Not very durable. Obviously cheap components.
schedule for on but no off time? For example, I want a light to come on at 9am but it doesn't turn off because you dont allow an option for turn off time? Dumbest thing ever. It's like walking to the store and chopping off your legs thinking you won't need them to get back home. Wemo plug, costco.
connected a few times, but the switch no longer shows on my WiFi options ado I can't connect them. worthless to pay for remote light switches that won't connect.
Great devices. ..app can be a little confusing at first. I have had this system with 3 plugs connected for well over a year and only have had to reconnect once after an update. I feel like the people having to do it all the time may have wifi network issues. Love mine and so does ALEXA. LoL
I followed the instructions exactly as shown. However when trying to connect my Wi-Fi to the app, it continuously could not connect. It doesn't even recognize my Wi-Fi as an available network.My Wi-Fi works at 114 mbs per second and we are still able to use our internet for everything else.So the app is not working like it is supposed to.
They dropped support of my wemo switch with nest and ifttt. No support for Google Home. Forcing people to use Alexa is not the way. Won't buy any more of their products.
You must have a wifi extender within 5 ft of the switch for it to connect with the app. Works well after that. Edit: Stopped working. Started installing GE smart switches. Will be replacing this one switch with a GE with a Smartthings hub. The new switches have a wifi extender internal to the switch.
App worked well for months then stopped.. Now some of the bulbs work and some dont.. It is very difficult to get the app to update.. Use to love it now I don't. How app is updated and I will change my review.
This app sucks. Big time. I had wanted the crockpot that I could control via my phone when I am away for a while. Finally got it as a gift and the app is HORRIBLE. FULL OF BUGS!
Great app. I run at six switches and they all work perfectly. They are for on, off toggle switching, not dimming. I also run at least five other a smart devices and their apps. Honestly Wemo has done a better job for connections and firmware updates. Last point, know what your buying and designing ahead of time and the confusion complaints will be minimal.
Worked well at first and saved a lot of money on our heating bill. Had to reconnect because the socket was plugged out (not needed) now its hopeless tells you its connected but when you try to switch it on its not actually connected. Have tried everything. Really disappointed !!!
Nice, however UI on time selection only changes minutes one minute at a time. You cannot type the time in. If you're at 10:30 (the default time), and you want to change to 10:00, you have to hit the arrow 30 times to get to 00.
Do not buy Belkin switches! I have two that I'm trying to get going on the same network. I can get one going and then the other fails to remain connected. I have gone through all the FAQs, done the resets, firmware updates, everything, still no joy! I've spent over 3 hours trying to get these two switches to work.
The idea is great, but switch does not work consistently. I bought the wemo switch to use for my porch light. If it does turn on when it suppose to, it some how turns itself off and then I have to constantly check the app to see if the light is on. Right now as we speak, the light is off again and I have to turn it on again. Customer service or tech help that I used via email was not able to fix my problem of this light turning off when it is,suppose to be on. I can not recommend this Wemo light switch. After having wemo switch now for over one year, I can tell you it is very buggy,and does not work consistent and drives me nuts. I can not recommend this product or its app. I am currently looking for another solution to keeping my porch kight on some kind of timer.
I have 3 switches (plugs) and the app is garbage. The app can't find my switches whether is on my wifi 2.4g or cell...Annoying ... Sometimes if I turn my wifi off it may find some of them. One switch keeps stating firmware upgrade unsuccessful . Don't waste your money. Mine are going in the garbage tomorrow will look for a alternative
Absolutely horrible. It can never find al if the devices and setting up devices is really flakey. I've converted to leviton for my smart home.
Horrible products and app. Switches will randomly stop working, needing to be reset up from scratch. If the power goes out I get to resetup 7 wall switches...which doesn't always go smooth. I'm an IT professional, I like to think I know what I'm doing. Half my switches work right now with Alexa yet Wemo app only shows 1. Makes no sense
I bought the mini wemo switch. It will stay connected with app for a couple days. Then disconnects and becomes unusable. Only buy this product if you want to troubleshoot it every other week.
When I have away mode on for the lights to stay on for a specific amount of time, the lights turn off and on during that time. App barely works anyway, usually says light undetected. It's so, but I guess I should be grateful for lights.
What a garbage software experience. The steps listed don't match what's actually in the app, and instead of actually doing anything, it just gave me errors at every turn. I could control the plug from my phone just fine, but only so long as I connected to its standalone network; it'd never connect to my household wi-fi, so it's useless to me.
Buggy setup process. App is outdated and sluggish. Far behind TP Link Kasa. Get with the program Belkin! Enabling rules does not stick. Belkin Wemo is garbage. Regret buying the product.
Works great now so I changed my review from before! Thanks wemo!! The app used to work perfectly and now on my Galaxy S8, all it does is force close right away. So annoying not to be able to turn on and off the lights easily! If anyone can help, I would love any suggestions! :-(
Had no problems with this at all even though the instructions could be clearer. I am mainly using it on my mobile data connection to make changes to my devices while I'm out of the house. No problems at all, even on a weak signal. I love it.
App sucks and so does the hardware, disconnects and takes several attempts to connect always...very sad. I already switched over to tp-link which overal is easier to connect to and the app is light years ahead.. not to mention way cheaper especially when they are in sale. Dont waste your time or money.
Tried 4 or 5 times to set up by directions. Get: "connected no internet." ??? 3 hrs with custumer service. After update lost orginal mini plug & MAC address. At 3rd level of repair but they haven't contacted me after my 4 gmails.
Bad performance.. tougher setup.. Setup didn't happen as per instructions. Somehow it started working. After setup using Google Assistant to access Wemo.. this is a big relief.
It use to work perfect. Loved them. Even worked with Alexa so she would turn my stuff on and off just using my voice.. Then all of a sudden they all stopped working. All at the same time.. I even called and they can't get them to work. What is going on? Do I need to switch to another company? I have health issues. This is not helping me if it doesn't work anymore..
Would be helpful if it was a little more robust. Many times I go to switch a light and it can't find it. So I have to go physically reset it the switch. This is particularly annoying when I'm out of town. Addendum. Every time I go to use this it doesn't work. Now it's saying it's downloading for the last 3 days. This is a piece of junk.
Have had app for ~6 months .. no major issues. Every once in a while does not detect devices .. wait a few minutes and all is good.
It worked fine when I set my first two wemo minis. When I tried to add a third, it all stopped working. Havent been able to use my original two for the last 4 days
When working, it is fantastic. However, it stopped working and the wemo had to be reset up in the app. Since then the rules are not working and will not save new ones. The app is seriously lacking in user ability and it is not compatible on more than one device.
I have a Wemo Insight switch and a Wemo Dimmer switch and both are setup to control with Google Home which works great however this app is wrong I would say 99% of the times. When it finds the devices, which is very rare, it always indicates that they are off when they are on. Google Home always finds them so it is not a connectivity issue. Reconnecting does not help and is not a viable solution either. If it wasn't for the fact that the dimmer switch is a pain to uninstall I would have returned it. The Insight was a gift and is too late too return. You kind of realize Belkin does not care much about customer service when they have an app on Google Play with a 3.1 rating.
I am able to see everyone's devices and control your device from my phone! Called Wemo on support for 30 minutes they cant figure it out! Sorry if I turned your lights off.
I'm an old guy, so being able to turn my Lights On by speaking is great. Being the old guy, I had a little bit of difficulty setting it up. But not over the top. Overall great product
The hardware is expensive and the app when it decides you need an update never ever finished the hardware update. I once waited 2days yes 2 full days to see if it would finish and never did. I have gigabit internet so that's not the issue. I've tried to do it from several devices and nope that didn't work either.
The app is absolutely horrendous. It doesn't control the devices, always says there is a formate update but the download always fails. This app is useless.
Constantly losing signal, despite setting permanent IPs for my switches. Goes weeks sometimes without being able to connect, then works without warning. Setup should be simple in theory but only actually works one or of 4 or 5 times. Basically, I spend more time cursing this program and my Wemo switches than I do using them.
Not sure why all the negative reviews... I have the Wemo mini, and I'm using it as a timer for my aquarium lights. The ONLY hitch I've had with either the app or device so far is that the app was a little laggy and slow upon initial setup, but was quickly fixed by restarting the app, and I haven't had that problem since. I don't regularly use the manual switch in the app, but any time I do (any time I check the tank after the lights go off), I don't have an issue. 5 stars from me
I am away from home with 2 pounds of meat (home grown, hand raised and slaughtered) coming to room temperature and marinating. Every time I try to set it it comes back with an error "lost connection". I look in the settings and it shows the crock pot is connected. It worked just fine yesterday. I am about to lose a lot of good and expensive food over something so simple.
App is not as easy to use as you would expect. While setting up, I hit the back button and it just excited the app. Trying to change the default network is not intuitive
90% of the time works great. Updates fail a lot, just keep trying and eventually the work. If it's not working can be frustrating getting them to. Can take multiple resets...
Set up was a breeze. Prompted me to update firmware immediately. The response of the app when selecting options could be improved. There is a lag between press and show, bc of this, I gave it low star rating.
I like it. Pairs with Alexa. The app turns the device on or off when I'm not close enough to utilize Alexa. Sometimes has to be reset but I've been using it for 7 months and I have restit 3 times. Customer service was awesome too.
Xfinity already has horrible Wi-Fi service and the fact that every time my network goes down and comes back up it always disconnects from my Google home network while my nest thermostat and everything else automatically reconnects. I have to manually redo each and every plug as if they were new to get it back on to the network. The app is laggy you need to simplify an auto reconnect to the network that is already stored in the profile or device... do better
I have increased the rating because it is more reliable than at first. It still is not user friendly to set up. My son a senior network engineer for a fortune 500 firm gave up and returned two Wemo devices he received for Christmas.
DO NOT BUY! I bought two switches then returned one of them after trying it out. It's been months since I've been trying to disconnect it. Every time I ask the Google assistant to turn off the any light, it keeps trying to connect to the switch I no longer have and tells me it's not available. It's like a ghost that never goes away. A lot of users are having the same issue, and no help from WeMo.
Very slow and unresponsive. Giant pain if you change wifi settings and have to setup existing devices again. Would not recommend wemo products.
Garbage. Used to work fine. Then suddenly the wemo went gray. Did a hard reset on it, finally got it to show up. The rules are still set, but it doesn't follow them. Doesn't turn on when it should. The app says there's a firmware update, I get the message saying it updated successfully, but still shows firmware update available. Apparently never actually updates. This is pretty much pointless now.
Wemo is one of the most expensive switches in the market, but the app is the worst. Devices are always dropped. When I'm remote, none of them are controllable even though switches are c9nnected to wi-fi and phone has data access through 4G Lte... I used wemo for 2 years + with 5 devices. Invested enough. I would recommend people who are considering wemo devicea to buy TP- Link or other smaller brands on Amazon instead.
Works okay most of the time but why are the widget controls taking 10+ seconds to activate a light switch?? What's the point or that? I might as well open the app and manually toggle them... Oh and sometimes they hang on new firmware upgraded and need to be factory reset. That's a horrible experience. The product has potential but please fix the reliability issues. I look forward to rating better.
Wont enable remote access. I have spent way too much time trying the tricks to make this work. Waste of money on these products.
Unfortunately app is choppy and sometimes terribly slow to react, it seems to be poorly written. WeMo devices are awesome and work great on the other hand!
The latest download is crashing on my android 6.0.1 running on Samsung SM G900v. It used to work before but I recently reimaged my phone so had to download wemo again
Won't let me connect to IFTTT. Whenever I tap on the green connect button it takes me to a 404 page that says "The requested page or file does not exist. Explore Applet collections instead!" Unable to turn Remote Access on. It's weird since I've had IFTTT connected for years.
Wow. Lot of bad reviews. I have 4 of these. 95 percent of the time they work great. Every once in awhile I will have one that's not responding. Maybe once a month or so. It's fairly new technology, and every smart plug maker and light bulb are having slight connectivity issues here and there.
I've set and reset the timer 8 times and all 8 attempts to set the timer have failed. I've followed the tutorials again and again and every time the timer says it's set but it never turns off at the selected time. At this point is never buy another demo product again. As a property advisor and agricultural expert I will be directing all of my clients away from these products for their systems. It's a shame I spent good money on such a poorly working device.
Got a Wemo power switch. So far so good. Works flawlessly. But havent explored all the functions yet. A little big - physically and price-wise. Im downgrading to 3 stars from 4 after a few months of using it. Quite unreliable a lot of times, esp when tested not using home wifi. A bit disappointed after lots of mucking around and still couldnt get it to work properly.
Very slow, doesn't always find the rules. Unstable. Has not improved in the last 6 months. July 2018, has not improved!! Can't believe they haven't made any improvement in the product. Switches have a real problem reconnecting after power loss.
If I knew I was going to have many problems with all devices I would have not bought close to 15 WeMo devices. I would have been better off with Insteon. I set up the devices and it states "remote access has been enabled" but then the app does not even show the new device.
I have 7 smart devices and wemo is the only one that took 3.5 hours to trouble shoot and still not connect. In all fairness their technician and customer service on the phone were pleasant and professional, probably the best I have had to deal with. Unfortunately my problems are not resolved and to get a replacement I would need to invest more time waiting for shipping label, mailing it back, and reinstall everything. If you have a lot of time on your hands and feel excited about technical challenges this might just be the perfect product for you. If you expect things to work like they are suppose to be in 2018 don't expect that from this
Terrible app and product. Constantly disconnects and then takes forever to reconnect. Been trying this time for 2 days. I have 6 other smart devices that all work fine. This is my only Belkin/wemo product. It sucks!
App works well turning on and off however power reported and exported xls is buggy on insight device. Data randomly reports zero or negative power usage figures and monthly estimate doesn't make any sense. 1.50 in a day and around 3.00 for the monthly.... Someone can't do math
This app has such a pathetic implementation that connecting any new device is a frustrating experience. Hire some good developers please.
Product doesn't work Worth Beans. Every time you try to access it you're lucky if you can access it you finally give up in frustration Every time you try to access the app and find out whether or not it's on or off it's a we Mo insight I strongly don't recommend it it's not as advertised. Its could be great but it's not it's a it's an annoyance.
Everything wemo I have used sucks. The app has to reload everytime, firmware updates work only half the time and always mess everything up, hardware is just as bad from the plugs to the dimmer, and after at least 1 a month spending hours fixing something new I think I am finally done. There are cheeper option that work better or Phillips hue with a base never has issues! WeMo! Fix everything!
Nightmare to setup if you have a mesh network. Highly unreliable. Sometimes some of the wemo plugs will show up in the app, sometimes none, sometimes all. There are no great alternative on the market though.
This app is so poorly designed I'm sure a high school kid can do better. Very non native, throws a bunch of errors, menus and buttons in word or hard to access places. Totally hate having to go into this app. Wemo and Belkin should be ashamed.
Very easy to use. The only problem I had was changing my wifi. This took a long time, many trial & errors. Wemo should fix this problem.
My original review was almost 2 years ago, app hasnt gotten better. Real pain in the ass to get wemo switch working. Debating replacing with an old school dumb timer. Old review: App hardly functions crashes and reopens itself nonstop. Would not recommend to anyone that's not tech savvy and doesn't have a high patience threshold. Debating returning my WeMo mini switch. I've got other smart home gadgets and they all have better apps
Great product, and easy to use. Bonus: Works well Alexa. One minor inconvenience, when you try to adjust the time for a scheduled event, the down arrow is too close cancel. When I try to adjust time, I keep hitting cancel.
Pixel 2 owner here, not smiling about my older plug now being greyed out often and randomly after the last update. The two newer plugs don't do this. Pretty frustrating. Cleared data, uninstalled, reset switch, nothing fixes this. Pretty sure it's the software.
Terrible! I setup 2 light switches last night. Today I pull the app up to share with work colleagues, and after it crashed 3 times, I see that there are 5 devices now. I can't delete the additional 3 that don't exist. I open "remote access" and 2 of my neighbors phones and an Alexa are connected. Doesn't seem very secure!! Setup was slow and frustrating and the app takes forever to do anything. Using a Pixel XL.
Very confusing app. The process for setting up a rule to turn my devices on/off makes no sense, and there are no help files or tutorials for this in the app. The app is buggy too. I'll try to save a rule, and I'll get an error message, so I try to save again and it saves... annoying. I just want to have my device turn on for 2 hrs at a spefic time two days a week. Seems easy, right...nope. Won't be buying more of these Wemos, not worth my time.
Difficult to set up and navigate to make changes. It did not come on at sunset & turned itself off when I switched it on manually from the app
It used to work. Now nothing updates or registers except my insight switch! Really pissed off. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
Absolute pile of rather sloppy feces. If it actually functioned properly, I might not be tempted to use the big hammer on this brand new starter set...
Buggy and slow on Android. Used on multiple Samsung devices and Huawei p10plus. Gets out of sync, rules are slow, enrolling devices fail and not smooth. I have about 6 wemo devices... Alexa and other smart plugs app much better.
Garbage. Don't waste your money. I've had a WEMO switch for over a year and no mater the version of firmware or app, it will not work for most than a few minutes.
It required multiple connection attempts to get each device connected. Also needed to restart/reset each device and finally reinstall the app to get just two switches working. Scheduling by sundown and sunrise is a nice feature.
Bought one pair of smart plugs. Worked well, so after three weeks bought two more pairs. The whole set worked well, so I ordered four switches. Just installed today. Easy enough, only problem was trying to figure out what the electrician had done when the house was wired, but a couple of YouTube videos got me thru. Happy now!
The app is simple and works well, but setting up a new WeMo device never seems to work right the first try, or the tenth. Every time I have added a new device I have had to struggle with settings and getting it to connect to my Wi-Fi, despite other existing WeMo devices working just fine. Super frustrating.
Tried w mini smartplug. Won't setup after 12 attempts. Sitting between router and plug. Re and un, installed. Waste of 2 hours.
This app simply does not work the way it is intended to. I'm issues enabling remote access on my WeMo mini switch. Also, this app lags and freezes at certain times.
Device upgrades happen to often and the fail (never ending do loop). Some upgrade just fine so Im fairly sure it's not a problem at my end
I can never get this app to work. Even after months of trying, connecting to the wemo smart plugs is iffy at best. The app experience is the worse I've had in years. Honestly, as a IT professional, I would be ashamed to have developed and sold this product to customers. $100 down the drain.
It worked fine until i got fibre and had to change modem. Wemo has turned out to be the most NON-intuitive, WORST set of user guides I have EVER had to make sense of. Even badly translated Chinese guides are better!
Screwed up on the password but the app would never let me select the WiFi again trying over and over to connect to the "saved" network. Come on guys, a stop or go back button would be a worthwhile addition, don't you think?
Decent app. Problem lies in connectivity and consistency of rules. 25% of the time i lose connection to 1 or 2 of my outlet devices, and 25% of the time my rules dont take effect. Right now none of my devices can be found. Still, when it works it is handy.
The Wemo switches themselves struggle - terrible at keeping their WiFi settings, no reliable method of resetting them. Indicators don't reflect their current setting. Rules UI still poor. Timing section mentions On when in fact On is selected in the device section... unless you select On+Off in the device section, in which case you need to define both an On time and an Off time in the Timing section (confused yet?). Not intuitive how to edit a device, nor any UI feedback on delays when trying to do so. Badly needs overhaul by experienced UI designer to fix and make intuitive.
Worked fine when first installed on my pixel 2 xl. Then devices disconnected. Won't reconnect no matter what I try. Rules disappearing random. Only connects to nest when it feels like it. Works well with Google home when devices are connected though.
This has to be one of the worst apps I've ever used I suspect it was created by somebody in China. Without a doubt it's the least intuitive have I've ever used in my life it's very difficult to understand. I would buy a different switch other than this one just based on this app and the setup process. It's hard to believe that a big company could put out something that is this poor.
Good for basic on off control automation rules sometimes get lost or glitch. Problems deleting and creating rules, problem with setting up light switch with hidden SSID access point. Firmware update process such, it fails often.
I have the plug in device and the problem is in either the app or device or both. It works fine with WiFi when I turn on or off within my WiFi network. It works about 20% of the time when I use cellular network. I bough this device to control the lights when I am away from home. It is very questionable about the quality and reliably to this device and Belkin network.
The wemo and we mini are great, but the user interface for this app is difficult to use. Each rule to turn on then turn off a device must be entered separately. We have several devices so the number of rules is over a screenfull. We have had the app LOSE track of the rules. We have the app on several different devices (phones and tablets) and the issues are the same. A simple change when a device is to turn on is a chore. This should be a fairly easy programming task, not so arduous.
Absolute garbage. Half the time I've updated my devices' firmware, they disconnect and can't reconnect, and don't even work when you push the switch to turn lights on or off. Restarting/resetting does not help. Despite the claim that you can close the app when the update is started, if you do, that's where the switches seem to get bricked. The app also has no options to remove a device if you can't connect to the devices, meaning you're stuck with duds in the app in the event you have to replace them. Will be switching to another smart switch solution...
I've had the WeMo for a while. It's been working ok (not good but acceptable) at the beginning but now it's not even recognising the base which turns itself off constantly. Meanwhile my Hue lamps and even some no name lamps work good - some at the fraction of the price. Belkin lost me
App crashes on startup and keeps crashing until I reboot my phone. After reboot it will work for some time. The app is so outdated, it needs full rework, but looks like it's dead.. Developers didn't answer to any of my bug reports.. Very, very bad, Belkun
Nice app. Shame that it hasn't got more logging functions. Might benefit from some sort of interlock on the on/off switch, i.e. to stop accidental power cycles. Also the monthly costs calculation seems a little out of whack, i.e. keeps resetting every day and doesn't tie up with daily cost figures? Could also do with Usage Alerts relative to power consumption, i.e. if power > n Watts then notify user, or if power < n Watts, etc...
Great when it decides to work. Too often the app won't work and loses connection and no it's not my internet that's the problem. I hate buying stuff that doesn't do what it's supposed to!
Remote controll mostly not possible. After software update big difficulties to get wemo to work. Setup slow reaktion-time. Needs some knowledge and some patience to get it function.
I'm pulling my hair out trying to connect this wemo with my device... Why is this so hard to connect? People at wemo really need to have a hard look at this as there are a lot of unsatisfactory results because you all won't fix this problem come on people get with it!
Used to work... Can't control my lights at all now. Ripping all wemo out and going to casetta with wink. Completely useless now for months. Hundreds of dollars in equipment wasted at this point
The app is buggy. I have an s9+ and can turn switches on/off but that's it. I can't adjust settings or schedules. Thought it was my phone so I installed it on my daughter's s9, same issue. Can't save changes or hit done/ok on anything
I updated to android P and I can't even set up the smart plug. I go through the setup process and it tells me it is connecting to an "unknown SSID". Glad to see that the app doesn't even support new versions of android and that I wasted $30 on this broken plug
Update: 5/19/18 after years of giving wemo a chance, I am done. Will not even sync consistently on linksys mesh network, which is a belkin partner. Pulling all ten switches out and replacing with Lutron Caseta like the rest of my home. The latest upgrade finally discovers all devices on my WLAN with extenders. I would previously have leave my home network and use 4G to see everything. Too good to be true. Now I have one shot to turn a device on or off before the app locks up. I switched to lutron caseta for all my interior lights, and can dim them. Only my outside lights are left on wemo....for now.
While the app is somewhat simple to use its very very buggy. It's really hard to set things up correctly in an amount of time that seems appropriate. You always spend about three times longer than you think you're going to. Except for that one time when set up is easy
App works 90% of time. Had an issue about a month after install: traveled, made change to program while NOT on home Wifi. Result: all four Wemo plugs, and two switches went to random mode. I could not get them out of the mode until I got back on home Wifi. Uninstall, install did not fix the issue. Customer support was awesome: spent 2x 45 min on the phone with the same tech who called me twice to check different options. Narrowed it down to: don't change a program outside home Wifi. Great customer support. Sometimes plugins are slow to update on the app (show ON in app, but are OFF, corrects after a minute or two). Therefore 4 stars.
Update 4/2018. Has problems locating switches in both wifi and cellular. Switches poor quality - lose programming. App has to be reset with data wipe to reset up devices. Switches poor quality. May be more of a switch hardware problem then an application problem.
I've made better apps in my free time. Force closes constantly. Only finds the device half the time. Garbage app for a garbage device.
Very unreliable and cumbersome process to set up. Unable to change settings manually or easily. Now they are dead in the water since the updates, which happens every time I try to use it. I am unable to get my cell phone to even connect to the switches. Awful devices.
Pixel 2 XL owner... What the heck am I supposed to be smiling at? That I invested into this product and now I can't even open the app on my phone?... 90% of the time the app crashes while it's opening. I touch the icon, and then crashes, doesn't load a splash page or anything... Yay. Such a "smart" device... The 10% of the time it does work is when I hard boot my phone, and then it works the first time I open it.
It's extremely aggravating having to update the firmware on my smart switches using this app. It just says "upgrading". Its literally been about a week now and it still says that. And when it did work the switch would randomly not appear on my list of devices. Truly awful experience not worth the 80 dollars I spent on the switches
Painful setup. Not intuitive... I'm an IT guy and it took forever to connect and 10 different devices tried. Finally had to connect to my MiFi network... not recommended.
Wanted it to work with Alexa--I'm extremely technical (SW Engineer for 27 years), but I cannot get this device to work/enable with Alexa! Initial setup, scheduling, etc was fairly straightforward. Got it for a great price ($10) on special deal, but even at that it'll go back to Amazon. Tried EVERY SINGLE ITEM in their FAQs, but to no avail. THEN the app crashes!!! Still cannot get it to enable using Alexa skills after restarting!!! Recommend against it.
I have been trying out the various apps with their respective devices and find that the wemo app is the most problematic and difficult to work with. The others are more logical and adding or adjusting the devices is just easier with any of the others. I was really expecting a lot more from the wemo app.
First 2 switches were easy to install. Plug in, connect, done. 3rd switch was not so easy. App could find on wifi. Got a replacement from wemo, which went fairly easy, although you have to ask for a prepaid return shipping label. App could see the switch on wifi but would not connect. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Finally got it connected but then my other switches were gone. However they were all visible on my wife's app. Another uninstall and reinstall and finally can see all 3. Not sure if I'll bother trying to add any more wemo products. Update - Having way too many issues with app and devices. Devices constantly drop off the network. Tried restarting and still have issues. Refreshing didn't help. Done with wemo.
The setup process for new Wemo light switches doesn't work anymore. I've followed all the troubleshooting steps to no avail. The problem lies after connecting to the devices WiFi and opening the app. It never shows the new switch. It would much more intuitive if the was a 'connect device' link like the Kasa app for TP-Link products
The app will not remotely controll the wemo mini or the wemo insight that I own. Followed all the trouble shooting that they offer and still no help. They are only able to be used manually or with my Google Home
Owned the "Insight" for over a year and its never worked properly. Redoing the house wifi screwed up all my smart home stuff, however wemo has been the least reliable and consistent pain in the ass to fix. Simply. Doesn't. Work.
This should be such an embarrassment for WeMo that the simplest of logic would trigger a fix immediately. Between this and it's yet even worse rated Alexa skill, I now question my mental state to why I use the product. I officially suck apparently. But this app sucks worse.
Constantly going offline and switches "not detected" on the app. I have 1000mbps internet speed and the router/modem are in the next room, so there should be no issues with speed or connectivity. I have 4 Wemo switches and every one of them has problems staying connected. I've submitted countless error messages to their tech support and nothing has been done. I've tried it on Android & IOS and it does the exact same thing. This would be a great app/switch if it actually worked.
Doesn't fully work yet with Android P. Was unable to setup new device. Tech support had me do it with another device and afterwards I was able to use Android P. The app is super slow and often unresponsive on Android and other mobile device.
Followed instructions exactly, then tried Google instructions, then tried Youtube instructions. Wont setup. I'm tech savy so the device and app are especially pathetic!
It's amazing how poorly this app works. The WeMo mini refuses to connect and the online forums are filled with countless others with the same issue and no real solution provided by belkin.
The set up was a bit confusing but I got it done. I think it's the coolest thing ever to be able to light my home before I walk in the door or turn off the light if someone else forgets to do it when they leave the room. So far, I have found no other issues with it and am smitten enough to want more of them.
The first Wemo I got was a pain to setup. Now very easy works well with all of my Amazon devices, my newest Wemo mini took less than 5 minutes to setup.
This app was written in the style of windows 98. Not a compliment. No ability to sort by the schedules times m. 09 and 9 are two different numbers - there's an easy fix for that on the back end. Did /It's awful. I use a fan in a room where the litter box is. Why can't I set a schedule where the device turn on for 15 minutes every hour? Schedule works as written. Just a pain in the ass to write and maintain it.
Why can't there be a function to turn on and off at will? Like... i turn on the light manually so i must turn it off manually. I want to turn on and off depends on usage. If my child has to leave the light on and turn it off when she's safe from the monsters in her room... we should be able to turn it off in her room through the app away from the monsters. You know what I'm saying? 4 stars until this is updated.
App downloaded, watched tutorial 12 times. After setup and connection goes through, still unable to find any device and I have 2 wemo's!! I am very tech savvy, whole house is smart and so far this is the most difficult installation ever!! It must be something with the router/modem set up. Just as many people that love the app hate it. BELKIN can you help us out??
Only finds one device. Spent hours reviewing online troubleshooting to no avail. Only one of two recognized. Have reset multiple times. Device shows setup ready White Amber but I'd not found on scan. When things don't work out of the box typically it's bad design or unstable software/firmware.
Very helpful product! Wish the plug wasn't so big and bulky, makes it difficult to use other outlet.
10 months later from my first review and Hate Wemo even more. Seriously crapu and poor workmanship. GET DIFFERENT BRAND
Terrible products. Worked until power went out. Customer service has me uninstall and reinstall app for times and change seeing in my phone over and over for two hours. Then said someone would call me in 24 hours. To their credit the person did call within eight hours. But asked me to do the same uninstall and reinstall things again. I hung up, unplugged and took out wall switches, plus etc in put back in box. They are sitting in closet collecting dust.
Umm, app doesn't load..keeps crashing. More evidence that Belkin has lost interest in this space.
I got a new router and I can get all my devices set up, including a smart TV, but not my WEMO plugs. Why is it so difficult? I have wasted an hour+ on WEMO, I'm done with WEMO!
I wish i never bought this junk. Endless firmware updates and its still a mess. Last time i buy belkin.
Why should a product demand firmware updates every day or two? I can't control my devices when I open the app because I'm constantly being harassed by the app to install firmware updates, no matter how many times I install them. Monkeys must work at Wemo because people would have fixed this issue by now.
Super frustrating trying to set up WeMo wall plugs with Google home. Absolutely will not verify.
By far one of the most frustrating ordeals to deal with simply to turn on a light. Setup is terrible and often neither finds my network or even stays connected. The products are great, this app is terrible
Has a difficult time finding and staying connected to light bulbs. Won't allow me to make new rules. Only about half the app functions properly. This app ruins what should be a useful product. Still can't make new rules.
The app constantly has difficulty connecting to the devices. Editing my review from 2 stars to 1. Now, not only does it not connect, 1 device is stuck updating. The app is also the slowest, most glitchy app I have ever used.
To be honest there are many brands that are cheaper and less complicated to set up for example Samsung.... Since the last update in April Rules hasn't been working effectively...
Works well most of the time. Have three cameras and one light switch. Light switch also works with Alexa. Switch has been working great, yesterday went off line couldn't get it working. Today it started working again without it me doing anything.
Nice! It works most of the time. I use Google assistant more to turn off or on my switches. Unfortunately I can't get ifttt to link :(. Can't login with Google plus (error: disallowed_useragent) or with Facebook (white blank screen). Please fix that.
Buggy. Takes forever to connect devices and don't even think about updating firmware unless you want to spend the next few days working out bugs. Devices struggle to connect with Alexa. Customer support is lacking. If I didn't receive my smart switches as gifts I would have returned them and continued to go "old school" manual. When they do work, it's nice to turn on lights from another room with your phone or Alexa.
The first one set up fast and flawlessly. Bought a second plug but couldn't install it (kept getting error message about wifi) tech support told me after several hours and calls to return it. After it was replaced I had the same problem. The only resolution I got was not from Wemo but another reviewer with the same problem. I had to set it up from another phone. This is a known issue that they dont seem to care about. Works fine after setup but I only have so many devices I can use for setup so I won't buy or change my review until this is issue is properly resolved. Tech support was a horrible joke.
How can such a large company release something so bad. Wish I did some research before buying the switch. Hardware looks nice, but software is so so bad. Trouble connecting, really really slow. Having issues getting Google home to connect.
Hit or miss at best. Today's firmware update has disabled all my devices and app crashes when trying to configure. So far, wasted several hours with support deleting the app and reinstalling app.
Design of the app is very good visually, but performance is awful. Simple tasks like adding a device, setting up a schedule, etc. take FOREVER. This is over a high speed 5Ghz wireless connection too. Experience with other smart devices has been much better.
Works well enough for me. I don't have an Echo, but Google Home functions perfectly and the firmware patch for the KRACK vulnerability went through flawlessly. I bungled the initial wiring installation by tying both switch wires to the mains, but upon further reflection, I realized that I was completely bypassing the switch. A little electrical knowledge and common sense helps, but you don't have to be a licensed electrician to set this up.
Awful connectivity. Bought one the smart plugs. Works ok with google home. However loses connection with this app. I have two TP-links and kasa app and have no problems. Won't be buying anymore wemo devices.
The wemo devices and app take turns not working whether on wifi or cellular. A new device was sent and will not show at all after installation. The only thing that works are rules.
As of 4/27/2018, app still doesn't function properly. App wants to update devices, but never finishes... stuck in "limbo". Since the last update, I've had to spend several hours trying to connect, reconnect, & reconnect again to all my wemo devices. I've got 7 light bulbs, 9 strings of garden lights, 5 insight switches, & 3 light switches. They lose connection all the time & will not follow the rules I've created. Various devices do not show correct status in the wemo app. Even now after clearing & reestablishing connectivity to my wemo link for the light bulbs, they show up, drop off, show up again after refreshing repeatedly.
App is completely unable to see all of my Wemo devices. The Wemo Home app doesn't have this problem, nor does the iOS version of the official app. Please invest in rebuilding the official Android app.
It was working great. Had it working with Alexa with zero issues. Now the link upgrade keeps failing to download and install in the app on top of Alexa no longer recognizing any of my well devices...
No, Cortana connection available and in a world domination game this is unacceptable. Windows in on 97% of all computers and no ablity to sync makes this product a pass. Tp, is a better option. Sadly
When it works, it's great. When it doesn't, which is about 80-90 percent of the time, it's horrible. Multiple unknown devices appearing on the home screen, unable to turn devices on and off from my phone without wifi, unable to turn off and on the remote setting, unable to access my rules...if I could rate this lower I would.
Had Wemo devices for three years. I have 3 light switches and an Insight switch. They work pretty consistently. I have had heat issues in the summer. I use them with the app, IFTTT, timers and Echo. It takes too long to use the app to turn on/off switches. It goes through an annoying connection process similar to connecting via AOL. The advantages of using the app allows me to name the devices, update and set timers, all things that I find useful. Update 4/18: after firmware update none of them are working correctly. Cannot be seen in the Wemo app and cannot be used with Echo.
This app needs to be improved to make it more user friendly and reliable. The process of setting wemo units up is difficult for me, even though I am quite tech savvy. All and all though, it's a functional app and I am able to use it successfully.
I found the switch easy to setup and the app worked as it should. However, my kitchen light wiring wasn't outlined in the instructions. I think it might be confusing to list every possible wiring scenario you might encounter, so they listed the two most often occurring? If you're not familiar with electrical wiring you should get help from someone who is before attempting to install this. I was able to figure it out after stepping away for a second, but I almost made a big mistake! Step one - turn off the power! No, that wasn't my mistake.
Garbage software. I spent a large amount of time trying to get wemo devices to work. Nothing but problems. Very unreliable
Can't handle low bandwidth internet - unfortunately I only have ADSL with 0.3mbps upload and I can barely use the Wemo app - all my devices continuously appear then disappear saying not connected. Press refresh and they appear for 3 seconds and then disconnect again.
Far cry from smooth or a finished product. As previously indicated, you will have to reset the device and restart the app multiple times on regular basis which is a pity for a product that costs more then most other similar product. If I had not already purchased 4 of these I would have switched to a different brand already.
It's all cool if it actually worked all the time. I have more than 6 different brands of smart plugs and WeMo is the only one that periodically "is not responding" on both Google Home and Alexa
Editing rules just reverts back to old rule. Even deleting and creating a new rule will still revert to old rule. Do I have to buy a new device every time I want to change a rule I set? Ridiculous.
Works well overall... From time to time Alexa has a hiccup with wemo and updating can be a pain if not on the same wifi as wemo. But overall a good product and would recommend.
When it works it's great, fast, and responsive though I find the app to just unexpectedly freeze or just not load something. It also sometimes throws up random errors when creating schedules even though it does them later on. The design of that app itself is fine it works not the prettiest, but it works.
wemo switches been forcing my wireless router to reset. firmware updates are not correcting this issue
Just unbelievable I am literally floored as to how these smart outlets lol... Have such a high rating... Also the amount of just positivity in the app about how happy you are using such a pile of garbage like they don't know the app is an utter abortion...
Works great if you simply want to schedule something to turn on and off. For example, I have my outside lights set to come on at sundown and turn off at sunrise. As far as anything else, it's just not reliable. I have my basement lights on another wemo switch. I can't trust the app to tell me if they are on or off. I can be in my basement with the lights on and app says they are off. Also, doesn't seem to work well on wifi. I find myself turning off wifi and using cellular network to get it to work better. App is also slow to startup. It's more aggravating than useful sometimes. The main problem is that the switch makes its own Wi-Fior setting it up, but most newer devices refuse to connect to it because it sees it as a bad connection. Not a good way to make this work.
it's terrible. ridiculous to get working and then it stops working for no reason. customer support is even worse.
b"I initially gave 5 stars, but it's no longer working properly. I've been through all the troubleshooting steps two or three times; I deleted and reinstalled the app couple times; and it still can't find my devices when connected to the same WiFi network. ????????"
Just like the other reviewers I'm constantly having issues with the application and devices being recognized by my Android and showing incorrect status (on when it's off, etc.). It's nice not having to have a hub but not being able to use the devices reliably is a problem. It's now June 2018 and I had to add a new WiFi router and re-add all the wemo devices and they still don't show up in the app. Still a crappy execution. When it works it's great
Im so disappointed with Wemo. I started as a huge fan 1.5 yrs ago and currently own 14 wemo devices. Over the last 8months or so, this product has become so unreliable and causes nothing but aggravation. Worthless since the product category is to make life easier. ITS LIKELY ALL MY WEMO DEVICES WILL END UP IN THE TRASH IN THE NEAR FUTURE.
We put in 11 switches and connected to Google home it works well. The application is a little cumbersome to use.
When it works, it works great. But it often loses contact with the Wi-Fi network. Not sure if it's the router, the internet, Google Home, or a combination thereof. It's driving us crazy!
Not sure how would one pronounce this App, but WeMo works just fine for everyone in my family including my 2 year old. Well recommended.
I had to spend far too much time trying to set it up to work. Then, when I went to set up a second smartplug, I was truly screwed. Could not tell plugs apart. Will not be recommending this to others.
Devices are nice. The software configuration is slow, difficult and requires multiple restarts to get things working.
App has several problems, needs more work. Be aware that if you first enter a wrong password for your wifi, this app never tells you it's wrong, it just endlessly loops until you force exit. Fix this.
Doesn't work. First one installed fine and my second one wont work at all. It says it connects, yet its not found within the app. Absolutely ridiculous!
Firmware updates are not easy. App always has a failure. TP-Link never has issues
Very buggy, rarely connects properly, and constantly trying to update firmware with no apparent success. Too unreliable for daily use. Pixel 2 XL
K it's 2018... Your user interface is still horrendous... How someone to give it a visual overhaul. It's about time...
The app is not very intuitive. You get kicked out of the app instead of being able to go back to the main screen and every time you reopen the app it has to establish a new connection. Quite annoying.
Does not work well. The power plugs are not available must of the time, which removes the smart aspect of it.... The app is terrible because it has no option to solve this except for resetting them which does not solve the problem
I had it working with Alexa for a while and now the device is no longer connected even though Wi-Fi is good. Message when I'm trying to pair again is that wemo disconnected access.?????
The app is good, but it could use some improvement, especially when compared with the iOS version. The firmware update doesn't work well with an android device. Sometimes it won't know there's a new update when my iPhone has it... Some other times it will have the firmware for another device than the selected device or the app will freeze when looking for ghe firmware version. Another thing that would be great would be with the "on until time" feature on the smart plug. Right now it works good, but if there's a power outage while it's turned on, the device will stay off when the electricity comes back on even if the time is still in the period that was programed for the device to be on. And also please update the way we select the On/Off time, it looks like the first days of android. Other than that, it works great. It turns on and off all the time when manually selecting it through the app when on wifi and also when using data when not at home. It works also very good with my google home to turn the lights on and off when going to bed.
Android setup is terrible. Sorta worked on iOS but then quit shortly afterwards. Definitely switching to the TP-Link smart switches.
The Wemo light switch forgets the WiFi network every few weeks and is very difficult to reset. All my other smart devices work fine. Not happy.
2nd best thing since sliced bread! Have three of them that control different items. Using the app on phone, tablet or laptop allows me to control each device at home or away, even cross country. Works well with Amazon Echo devices as well! A must have to make ones life a bit easier, especially when you have been walking on this silly rock for almost seven decades ...
b'DONT UPDATE! I gave it 3\xe2\x98\x86. However after i did the update it quit working on both insight plugs. So now i am giving a 1\xe2\x98\x86 bc there is no 0\xe2\x98\x86 does not work anymore. If you are new to this do not update it will stop working.'
Now that the product has been out for awhile, the updates have made such an improvement from when WEMO first came out. The installation and setup are easy now. Works well with Alexa.
Updates are causing issues with rules etc. I use these timers for a reason and the app isn't properly reflecting what's on, it could seriously burn someone's house down. What is the problem?? These things are garbage, they will cause homes to burn down.
Worked great until an update around the time of the daylight savings switch. Has slowly degraded in operability since then despite being reset per the support site's instructions three separate times. Moving to a different company.
It use to work great with Alexa and slowly but surely it started to fail. Now it is just a waste of money and makes me angery.
Everytime there is a power outage (stormy area) all the WEMO lights remain ON untill you come home. And the wemo swith remains off, regardless of the position they were before the lights went off. Imagine you are a week away.... What a waste of electricity, let alone the cost
Lots of crashes, settings and rules don't hold. Firmware updates fail constantly. I would stay away from WeMo and the smart switches.
Everytime the device (insight switch, lights etc happens to them all) disconnect from the power, I have to re-set them up when the power comes back. They fail to reconnect to the app. Re-setting them up each time is ridiculous, & often takes multiple attempts. Have to set them up with new device names each time. Very frustrating, & happens way too often. Will be replacing all my wemo devices for companies that try improve the product.
This app is buggy. There is no way to update the hardware unless the pop up appears. The devices are never able to be access remotely even with the settings active. The app just needs a rehaul.
Away mode did not work. Was able to get around it by setting separate on and off time rules. Worked with online chat and couldn't resolve the away mode issue. Latest firmware was downloaded. Needs a proper user manual.
1 Star because the setup process is so problematic and takes a long time to go through. Even just unplugging the device and moving it to another outlet causes problems in the app. Once you get everything working it's great - until it stops working.
App leaves a lot to be desired. Disconnected at least 3 times during setup of wemo mini plug. App is not easy to use, takes some digging to figure out. Not easy to follow during setup. Most other manufacturer's apps for home automation are much easier to use. I finally got it working from remote and connected with Alexa. Then made the mistake of letting do firmware update - been at that for 4 days now. I will try to delete app and start again. If that doesn't work I'll return the mini and find something else. Tried to contact support, wants me to iluse Facebook or Twitter - forget it!
The switches themselves seem fine but I'm considering returning them because of the quality of this App. Switches randomly seem to become unreachable, and I don't think I've ever seen all 10 of mine show up at the same time. The problem is definitely the app, since other software (ex. Google Home, Alexa) seems to have no problem taking to the switches even when they appear as offline in the Wemo App. Also, the app is slow, even on my new Galaxy S9 and has a few other bugs (some of my switches can't be renamed), which make it clear that software was not a priority for Belkin. Consider TP-Link Kasa products instead. Their app just works, and has great reviews. I wish it checked that out first.
The app and/or device stability still aren't rock solid. I find my TP-Link smart plugs and app are more reliable in every respect. Belkin has more work to do to make this product competitive.
Can no longer update firmware on any device, no matter how many times I reset, or uninstall/reinstall app. Remote access doesn't work, remember WiFi settings doesn't work. Products are supposed to get better over time, not worse.
These WeMo light switches are unreliable. They keep on locking up with blinking yellow light. I have replaced them all with regular light switches again that don't lock up. Garbage! Waste of money.
Clunky. Rules can't be saved issue needs to be fixed. Doesn't play well with Google Home. Not good enough.
I downloaded the app for configuring wemo smart plugs but the app crashes continuously on any wifi. Worst experience ever with any app. Did not expect to from Belkin ! Horrible
Such a laggy app. Would be smooth to use, but the response time is extremely slow. Widget is clutch, but again takes easily 10-15 seconds for the WeMo device to respond.
We have been using this app for a couple years now and have added new devices with ease. Works great to manage lights when traveling and or returning home or running out to my art studio after dark. So far it's been great for our needs!!
Does not recognize any of my devices following firmware "upgrade". Absolutely useless now! Other brands must be better than this....
Things seem to be better with the latest update. Have a pixel 2,not sure what I am smiling amount. But I am glad I currently don't feel like punching my light switches. Need 3way
Unreliable. Expect a WeMo headache anytime you adjust your wifi pwd/config on your router. Doesn't support 5G WiFi networks, and doesn't accept special characters in passwords?! Works halfway after spending an hour or more on each device. Areas needing improvement: 1. more control over Wifi pairing options, 2. more robust editing of WeMo configuration after paired, 3. App stability and connectivity, 4. constantly pushing low-value firmware updates every month, get it right the first time guys. Disappointed
I'm on my second firmware update. I wasn't having any problems before or after either. Does what I expected, doesn't get any better.
It works... for a time, then it will randomly say "upgrading" and you can't use it. Mine had been stuck in it for 3 days and I've uninstalled and reinstalled it, force stopped it and nothing. Never had been it go this long. When it works, I love it, but it's too hit or miss.
Impossible to get working. Spent whole weekend and returned for refund. Don't waste your time buying this product or app
We love this app and the device it controls. It's very easy and intuitive to set up. We use it to control our espresso machine so that it's all heated up when we are ready to use it. I have programmed "rules" to turn it on and off at certain times on different days, and I can easily disable them remotely if I need to.
Was working ok.. then one day just forgot all Devices and won't detect any. Ironically my Google homes can still control the switches, just not the wemo app. I hate that wemo and google changed to cloud connect only too.. I used to use wemo emulation to allow Google home to directly control switches I'd built but that functionality was broken, I assume intentionally. Still works for Alexa but not Google assistant. It seems I may have backed the wrong horse.
App no longer lets you connect to any services. I have tried to connect my account to Google and IFTT multiple times, every time being unsuccessful with no indication of the error. Customer service is very bad and barely understands basic English
Pretty clear iOS app has received the lion's share of testing and development while Android app was just phoned in to check off a feature box. When will these guys come to their senses?
Why in the hell does it take forever to connect the damn thing!? Finally got one device on and the second wont bloody connect!! For sh*ts sake!!
Works most of the time...but at times, app and hardware are out of sync. Overall, I am pleased though.
Was very useful for when we were on vacation. Set timers with rules for different days to simulate some one being home. Having a regular timer turn the light on right before sunset and turn off pretty much when I go to bed is perfect. Also when it turns its self off I know I've been up a little to long.
I don't know why some reviews are poor but mine works just fine. Got all three of 'em last December and ever since they are just fine. Very useful when I come home late. And I have indoor camera's
The App works nicely for my needs. 1-star for constantly annoying me to rate it.
Works well for me. Worth the money. Update... It stop working on the last app update. Can't connect any more. So disappointed
It's ok, neat idea. But if you set an on/off time for a light and someone turns it off before the set time, then it won't turn on automatically at the set time.
Even with remote access enabled only shows locally as I have this in two different WiFi locations. Each time you access the app it says something different about the WeMo devices.
We like all of our WeMo products. They've made life much easier. Particularly in our Greenhouse which is a little ways away from the house. So we can turn the heaters on and off and not have to run out in the rain and cold. However... the app is very frustrating in that we have to consistently do a refresh or sync several times to make sure we're actually seeing the most current status. Because we've been fooled into thinking it is correct and then find out an hour later that the heater was not actually on and it's only 30 degrees in our Greenhouse.
Rating refers to mini plugs. Difficult to set up with smart phone. Finally got both mini plugs set up and within 1/2 hour app couldn't see one of the plugs. Downloaded firmware update and no improvement. Rules don't work well and it now is insistent that I let it turn my lights on and off at dawn and dusk. Can't make any other rule because I can't get rid of this overlay for dusk to dawn option. Overall, you never know if it will work or not. Waste of time and money.
5 smart plugs are now useless and wasted good part of 5 days in circles following tech. Support to reconnect. I got Belkin plugs as d-link sucked now d-link sucks sockets are a joy compared to Belk in wemo rubbish.
Never any issues with the app or products, people need to understand these products are wifi based and sometimes wifi just doesn't work. It happens. Always works the second time. Love the self updating firmware and the app is simple and to the point.
It says update for KRACK successful and then a few days later asked to perform the same update. Each time it disrupts power to the outlet. Rather frustrating.
Took multiple attempts to set up switch. Also it keeps saying I have an update and then the update fails then it says it's upto date then you log in and it says needs a an update. This has been going on for a while and I have tried on two devices. Tried to email support through Google play keep getting bounce back email
The app is slow to do anything and the menu isn't intuitive. Spent 5 minutes trying to figure out how to update the switches because they're too stupid to turn on/off at sunset out of the box.
Bad user interface. Never works properly in android. Absolutely useless. I will never buy WEMO because of the app.
The app is slow and cludgy, even on a new flagship phone it is almost too slow to be usable. Update: now the switch isn't even visible on the network. Twice in a week this has happened. Returning it for a refund.
Just got a new phone. Have reset switches. It sets up ok connects as it should but app stills sees switch even when off and not plugged in. App won't communicate with switch. I have 4 Switches and pretty much useless. Quite frustrated with these.
Great when it works. Exceedingly frustrating when it doesn't. And I'm a professional IT person. After fighting with it three months ago when I added two new switches I finally got it all working (3 days). We then left for a three month trip. All was well and I ignored the firmware update requests until we got home because the app is so flaky. Sure enough the update totally screwed up all three switches. Two days and still fighting with it. No excuse for this other than Belkin is not putting the resources it needs to to make this work as it should. And these are problems that guy way back. I will more than likely get rid of the switches I have and go to another product. These are just not worth the frustration. Buyer beware!
Rules are not working, cannot get rules to work with sunrise sunset functionality. Sucks that it doesn't work correctly. Lights go on and off asty unpredictable times.
Dimmer works okay with Google Assistant, but lags behind my Sengled lights when activated, sometimes up to 10 seconds! I recently got a motion sensor and not only is setting up the rules one of the worst user experiences (try setting your device location to SF using that stupid search function), but it simply doesn't work after all that pain. Hardware seems to be decent quality, but their software (the easy part, mind you) is unequivocally one of the worst experiencs I've had on mobile. Come on WeMo, be better.
This wemo stuff is junk. It falls offline daily with no pattern, or reason. There are other smart plugs that are much more reliable. It is VERY UNRELIABLE.
Awful. Counterintuitive software and a setup process from the 90s. This is an excellent example of how not to do it.
The app is kind of slow to launch and occasionally won't recognize the plug, however, it works fairly well 7 out of 10 times if all you want to do is turn a lamp on and off. Even when it was glitchy the timer function worked without fail, which only added confusion to why I was unable to turn the lamp on sometimes. I also wish it had dimming function.
b"Worst part? I can't think of enough things to use them in!!! ????"
Possinky the worst app i have used. The app tries to update everytime I open it but never does. Setting up the Wemo devices is not straightforward. App is horrible. Devices do not connect consistently.
Constantly have issues with connecting to devices when on internal network have to switch to cell and then back to make it function, that solution works intermittently. When setting on/off times for devices, why is the user required to press up to decrease the time, and down to increase it? Seems reversed.
Terrible wireless connectivity while nothing else on my wireless network has an issue. After investing a lot of money for these "smart" outlets, I would NEVER recommend these to my friends. Do not spend your money on this company's products.
Ok this app has been on my review list for a while. I gave them a chance to improve. The issue here is that they take forever to improve. Problems that I run into often are if I change a name of a device I have to completely remove the devices from my other smart home devices that are synced in order to allow my Google Home to work with it again. It takes 3 to 4 times to get it right. Also when installing there is a major flaw, just let us install it without having to update it right away. Let the update happen after the fact in the background. Always push updates that are needed automatically at a desired time of our choice. Instead of having to forcefully do it we need to use it. As for the look and feel of the app it's great and very intuative. I still have you a 4 because of the ease of use I think your almost there just need to make things more streamlined. Also let us remove devices that are allowed to connect remotely or have a master account for security purposes. I know you can disable but delete is not an option for the list of remotely connected devices. That is all I have for now. Keep improving!
It works well turning them on and off. I bought one for the house and 1 for the boat to turn the AC's on and off remotely. My biggest issue with the app is that I have to use 2 separate devices (2 different phones or 1 phone and 1 tablet) to control the plugs in 2 different locations. The app on 1 phone can only see the home plug while the app on the other phone can only see and control the boats device. This is a hassle. Why can't we control all plugs in different locations with 1 app. Belkin needs to up their game and upgrade the app to control all devices with 1 app on 1 device.
Great when it works but has a nasty habit of losing its brains and recovery is way more painful than it should be. And that is over at least two years. Today the devices are getting yanked and put up for sale. I'll switch to Phillips or anyone else...
When it works, it's GREAT. Nice not needing some hub... quite 'glitchy' though; I'm pretty 'techie and Wemo can stress me out at times. Update: Do you people have ANY intention of improving device stability?!?!?!
Generally a nice product. Just wish it would return to its previous state of "power on" following a momentary power outage or better yet perhaps reference any active rules after a power outage and then turn on if appropriate.
It simply doesn't work with my Pixel phone running Android Oreo. It works just fine with my Acer phone running Android Marshmallow. It is almost there so please spend the time to stomp out those bugs so I can give you a nice rating.
Set up doesn't work. I follow the instructions and fails to connect to the network. I know network ssid and password is good, other devices are connected
That setup ("smart" plug) could not have been more difficult in an age where it takes nothing more than a single button click thanks to WPS. It also was not compatible with wink and when I tried to link it was Google, I was getting OAUTH errors. It also does not do any dimming. I didn't even want the damn application. Returning this "smart" plus and avoiding WeMo entirely going forward.
Functionality and stability are great. As someone who travels frequently, I only with there was a way to set an alternative away profile that could be turned on somewhat automatically to make the rules behave differently. Otherwise, great!
The latest firmware updates have made these units so unreliable, I've gone from units working well to units that keep loosing the WiFi, only change, the firmware update. Don't install until Belkin can fix there update
Once I read instructions on set up it worked great. Having trouble getting it connected to Bluetooth for speaking to Alexa. Over all I like it
Always going off line, have trouble setting up. One day it's easy, next time it's not. Not happy
If you can get past how much of a pain in the ass setup can be when initially connecting Wemo devices, it's fine. But the setup and futzing around with wifi connectivity is *almost* not worth it.
This used to be a good app remotely to control all my Wemo's. But now it's unusable outside of my WiFi network. So unless I am on the same WiFi SSID, I cannot see any of my devices. A minor workaround is to use Alexa mobile app while I am out & about to turn things on or off but the WeMo app is now unuseable outside my house --sincerely a long time supporter & owner of 8 WeMo devices
Meh, the plugs are decent but the switch fails regularly. It just turns off and on when it feels like. Latest update makes it difficult for the app to recognize the light switch, so you can't control it anymore.
It SUCK 'S !!! Can not connect any of my outlets. Dont waste your money if you bought any of these products return them now !!! It's just not worth the time and effort. It's really SUCK'S !!!! I give it ---1.000.000 stars right now.
App connected well with the Belkin Mini plugs I had purchased. Simple on/off operation worked just fine. A short fall with this function is that if the plug loses power and the power is restored, it's not smart enough to turn the plug on again.. with the plug comes back Where it falls short in my view is the rules part of the app. They have a nifty away mode, and a sunrise to sunset option. This allows it to randomly turn on and off during a set time period while the owner is away. Again, if power is lost the function no longer works after power is restored. I wanted to use the plug to operate a fountain during the day, and then turn off at night. then on again the next morning. A sunrise to sunset mode on would have been perfect for me but, that's not a option with this software. I set up two rules, one to turn it on close to sunrise and one to turn it off at sunset. A well made app would have made this much simpler. Again, it's not smart enough to reestablish the rule if the power goes out and comes back on. I think it will turn it off or on at the next rule cycle but, I'm not completely sure of that. It's an OK app, but could very easily be made smarter.
1. Malfunctioning on the Samsung s7 and Tablet_A. 2. Forever malfunctioning. 3. Camera takes bad HD video. 4. Motion detection delayed doesn't capture person in front of the camera. Save your money and buy other camera. Cameras are proprietary, cannot hook up to any other Hardware.
Trash. I have another brand in my bedroom and works flawlessly. These are blinking in different bedrooms. Embarrassing
Hard to keep working. It keeps losing connections to various timers. I have 5. Google minis seems to control the outlets fine but the Wemo app cannot connect or shows lights on when they are off. Firmware is up to date on devices but a big waste of time unplugging and replugging outlets. Especially when they ate behind beds or sofas. I bought these so I would not have to change old style timers bit find I am spending a lot of time keeping the timers and app synch.
Tremendously slow to use, minimal lack of control through settings. Outlet can be hobbled by lack of firmware update, you just need to wait for it to present itself. I visited a different time zone months ago, it automatically changed my time settings and I still see no way to correct it. Additionally when I've changed the schedule it continued to operate with the old schedule. I've reset the thing, tried it all. This is not a reliable consumer ready gadget.
Unreliable app. It may work and it may not. Works fine with switch. Terrible with plug.
Continually disconnects and has poor error handling. Was not able to get solid functionality
b"Sometime it work most of the time doesn't. Very frustrating, ??"
The user interface is very unresponsive. You will have to have a lot of patience to setup your devices. Be sure your WiFi connection is stable.
Works as advertised. The app lags a lot when creating new rules. Sometimes it takes multiple attempts to create a new rule, as the app will hang up.
App is incredibly glitchy and laggy. Setting up new devices is troublesome and moving devices to a new network is excruciating. Once devices are set up, you can rely on assistant apps to control the devices.
Very easy to set up and use. We have air conditioners on the Wemo and they run smoothly. We have experienced any problems work the app on Pixel and Pixel XL phones..
Had problems initially, but that was my internet's poor connection. Biggest issue was lack of grounded plugs near the device I wanted to control. (Old house with few updated plugs). Alexa is in control now. If this works well over the next few weeks, I'll add more devices.
DON'T GET WeMo PRODUCTS!! ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!! Got a new phone on vacation and wanted to make sure I turned the lights off at home. Turns out it's IMPOSSIBLE to do this. There's no place to create an account, no place to sign in. Looks like you have to be at home in order to just set up the app. I bought some smart outlets to control them from anywhere and check whether they're on or off from anywhere. I can't do that with WeMo. Better hope nothing ever happens to your mobile device while your away from home. Otherwise you'll lose the ability to control any of your WeMo products. TERRIBLE design. I'm getting rid of my WeMo products and going with a different brand.
I've been using these devices, and along with it this app, of course, for a few years now. I have over a dozen devices. The devices work fairly well but the app is a pain in the ass. Of the dozen plus devices, at any given time 1/3 of the can't be controlled through the app (they show as "not detected"). This is very strange because those same devices can be controlled through other controllers. By that I mean that, for instance, the Alexa app on my phone can see and control all the Wemo devices 100% of the time. Through voice commands, Alexa can control all the Wemo devices. And, I just found out that if I disconnect my phone from my Wi-Fi network, shifting it to the cellular network, all the devices start showing up properly. This means that the issue HAS to be a problem with the app. This has been going on for over a year. Wemo has to know about this but has yet to fix it.
Does the job mostly well after an initial hiccup with setup not finding devices, but a restart seemed to fix that. Grouping devices/bulbs is not obvious though and took some digging on the support site. Unfortunately a firmware update killed the WemoLink unit. A reset and restart fixed that but now half of our bulbs cannot be detected when trying to add them back as new devices. We weren't able to reset them before resetting the WemoLink (as recommended/required) because the whole system was borked by the firmware having killed the WemoLink. Now half of our Wemo gear is absolutely useless.
Can't stand this product. Absolute garbage. Works well if every 2 weeks you have to reset the devices. Look forward to uninstalling the light switch and switch that i currently have. Not worth the time or effort to have to continually reset the devices.
I have a few problems with this app. For starters when I schedule my smart plug to turn on at 6 AM and off at 9 PM it doesn't do either. The fact that it forces you to have an auto off timer is retarded. My thing is labeled as "Sam's day night Cycle" I need it to work because I have a Savannah monitor at home and they need it HOT a minimum of 115 Fahrenheit and my lamp is plugged in order to provide heat... In summary it's unreliable and I overpaid for such an item I was better off just buying one of those lower tech timers. Please fix this, I paid good hard earned cash on your product
Constantly loses connection to the smart plug. It isn't convenient to set up the app every time you want to use it.
Just about about the most frustrating device setup process I've ever encountered. The app just stops responding at times. Other times it unsets things (like the option to remember Wifi) that I had told it to remember. Took me more than an hour to get the app to recognize and setup my 1st Wemo Mini switch. Then things were working fine. Later I tried to add a 2nd switch and hit the same issues as before. It just didn't want to work. So I decided to reset everything (both switches, uninstalled app, wiped data, etc), and now neither of the switches are being setup correctly. If you manage to get it setup, then everything seems to be fine. But I've just about had enough of Wemo. Will be looking for alternatives.
Excellent feature set, but app performance is spotty. Often, routines experience performance lag and there are occasional failures to save changes properly. Overall though, a solid experience. Coin flip if devices suceed on update or require factory reset.
I'm not sure if it's the app or the devices but they are a pain in the rear to mini plugs.i have 2 minis and an insight. All of them took forever to setup. Reset after reset, what a headache
Soo glitchy. I must have had to try 10 times to set it up. Uninstall/ reinstall just to find "wemo" in my Wi-Fi list. Then it froze and a message popped up saying it's not sure if it was installed or not and to check if its still in my Wi-Fi list blah blah... Then the app couldn't find any wifi sources nearby except 1 ( which there is 10+ Wi-Fi networks in the area so I kept restarting it until finally it found mine after about 5 attempts. Now I find out this morning the wemo plug is offline and not working. I also had a wemo light switch at my old house which would go in and out of service all the time but this wemo plug/ app is unbelievably buggy I would highly suggest to stay away. Far far away. Save your money and sanity.
The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it doesn't work with Stringify... Not sure if it's because of Stringify or Wemo. I use the app for my switches and dimmers, it integrates with Nest, Google Home and IFTTT and does everything I need it to do.
When it works it is simple and easy but upgrades are frustrating. They are either very slow or failing. Connecting to Google Home is unreliable and requires frequent reset.
Never did get it working with the Apple 7 works sometimes with android. I would not recommend this product
Terrible still, two switches and a heater. Nothing works reliably. Firmware updates hang, don't finish. Leaving me to reset the device or devices. Simply a horrible experience
App is glitchy, unit is glitchy. I do not recommend it.
Light switch works terribly, very poor connectivity design and abilities for such a simple product. Disappointing engineering effort
Poorly done. Too many issues. Software messages are inference based and not explicit enough. Takes a while to figure out they want the app to ad hoc connect to the wemo device. Then it fails remote access and no firmware updates are available.
Buggy and unreliable is an understatement. Belkin needs to step up their game! This app and hardware is so bad, Belkin should either fix it, or pull it off the market! Just terrible!
1st dislike apps that insist on portrait mode. 2nd found app difficult to follow. keeps telling me about vacation mode.. haven't found it or other touted features yet. overall i found the app awkward to use..such a fun project frustrated by crumby interface. 2 stars because so far i can turn a light off and on.
Basic on/off works, but rules disappear, edits appear to be saved, but disappear. I've wasted a lot of time trying to make it work. This app has some serious issues
this app is incredibly buggy and the error messages just tell me to try the same thing over and over at a later time. will definitely not buy anything Belkin again
Can't believe Belkin could ever create such an poor product(app). I just don't know where to start. This app is so bad it is driving me nuts. Disgraceful app development. Crashes a whole bunch of time. Gets stuck in its look another bunch of time. Getting my wemo device took me an hour just because I changed my internet router. Hardware update fails.
Can't delete old devices and often loses internet connection. Devices are unavailable for several minutes after power outage, which is understandable except the hardware button doesn't work during this time either.
Spent a ton of money on light switches and huge plug in the wall outlet switches. All was working alright, then I got a new phone and had to reinstalled WeMo, to find out I had to go through the set up for the 6 light switches and 10+ outlets I previously had working. I went with a Belkin product cause they were the most reputable company I could find. I want my money back for these worthless products, as I do not have time to go through the entire setup process all over again. I even tried installing previous versions hoping I could login or something, via .apk's, and the same interface is shown on each of the last 5 versions. Why can't I log into my account and everything still be setup. Absolutely worthless, dont buy this disappointing product!
Good product, not so great app. Design is meh, it's not very intuitive, and it hangs and stutters often.
I invested a lot of money in Wemo cameras and smart plugs. Entire system will go offline for 24 hours at a time while my other WiFi devices work fine. Don't spend the money.
I cannot begin to describe the frustration of using this app. The only silver lining is that I picked up the Makers for $5 each (clearly everyone else knew how bad they were and avoided them like the plague). After weeks I managed to get 1 of 3 to connect to my WiFi, after having to setup a second 2.4ghz network, as they don't support 5ghz. And that's as far as I got. The other 2 devices simply will not connect. I followed all the troubleshooting suggestions, have reinstalled the app multiple times, have factory reset the Makers over and over, and they just won't work. Reinstalling the app also means that it'll randomly refuse to even run the setup process for a reset Maker, so I'm guessing some cached data is confusing it into bit seeing it as a new device. All up, a terrible confluence of device and app.
b"This whole system is a nightmare when you have to change modems. It won't let you reset your devices easily, it wants your first born child as payment, or so it seems. I've have to delete the app many times to try and reconnect the old smart switches, its really annoying!!??"
I continue to be disappointed in this app. My WeMo will stop working every other month. I am always wondering if my lights will come on. This app doesn't even help me with factory reset on the device. I can't delete any profiles or old settings. How hard could it be? My WiFi signal is so close, do why won't it connect??
Very hit or miss. Sometimes adding a device takes 5 seconds other times you have to reinstall the app to see your devices. Not well documented.
The signal range is not good. Every time that reset the router you have to umplug the wemos from the outlet to be able to work.
Unable to connect. Poor description of pairing process. Had previously paired WeMo outlet, unable to recognize now!
By far the most difficult device I have ever tried to connect. The simple directions belie a frustrating connection that keeps either freezing, crashing or just not connection. I have tried both a phone and tablet to connect this thing and the bottom line is it just does not want to work.
Beware, only works on a single WiFi network, device must be present for schedule to work, and app crashes. Good idea poorly executed.
Thanks for completely breaking your app. No rule setting anymore. What a joke will be buying zwave services from now on
Hard to work. Should be very simple. Would keep setting the on and off and it would keep turning off after a min. Always wants to update but never completed the update.
Works great rarely fails me and when it does I shut it down, swipe it off my active apps then restart. The resync never fails whether WiFi or 3g.
The latest update uses excessive battery power even when it's not doing anything. Plus all my rules were deleted, either by this or the latest firmware update. Losing the will to live with this rubbish.
Glitchy, unintuitive, user hostile. Only Belkin could make simple timer so difficult.
Can't connect even when I'm right next to the plug. Then, when it tried to switch to my home WiFi, it can't connect even though I have a very strong signal. Then if it seems like I got past that, there is no device listed, and if I try to enable remote access, I get the message that I need to check internet connection and makes sure a Wemo device is paired. PITA!
I don't know why I'm seeing negative reviews for the Wemo App. It's easy to install, easy to set up and easy to use. I installed two of their light switches in my garage. These control lights in a field 250 ft away from the house. There was no way to get wire and switches to the house so we wired to the garage. Of course that was a PIA because turning the tree and gate post lights on meant running to the garage. I ordered two of these switches. Brilliant!! Hardest part was the wiring. That was done in 10 minutes. Then installed the App, did the setup and was switching the lights off and on from the kitchen 2 minutes later. 5 minutes after that I had the App working on my wife and son's phones. Perfect!!!
Very buggy and erratic performance. More often than not, it doesn't recognize all the devices. Find yourself a better system.
The wemo insight switch gives you remote capability, but it does not save effort. It is not suited for real time monitoring due, I suspect, to the inherent latency of methods it uses to communicate with you.
Works great for a single device. Had a very difficult time adding a second device. Won't generate a pin to connect to IFTTT at the moment.
Interface is very slow doing basically anything. Needs some optimization. Horribly unreliable - needs data resets regularly.
It never works without going through a whole bunch of convoluted processes. It is a piece of junk.
After a couple of glitches it works very well. I have it connected to an Echo Dot. I am very happy with it. There are a lot of nice features.
Handy and simple. Although one of our mobile devices is saying the update failed, it still seems to work ok.
Cannot setup correctly. The only way to turn on or off is to connect to the Wemo WiFi network first. This is simply ineffective and annoying. This makes it troublesome to even use and also will not sync with Google Home. Using Android P.
Had a problem in a first location. No problem placed in a different area.
Latest update broke functionality for my Wemo Link lightbulb. Really regret updating the app. Please fix. June 9, 2018. Pixel XL 1
Really enjoying the app which was easy to install and use. The device has been great, but occasionally misbehaves. Nothing to get excited about. Would purchase again and use the app as well as Alexa.
The app is fine, the wemo plug is garbage. Mind stopped working after three months. Reset it, tried everything won't work. Do not buy this product.
Instructions do not work for set up. Wemo plug in does not show up intermittently. Consistently having issues. Wemo sucks!
Status of WEMO never updates correctly. Shows up on initial startup but I know the product is on and connected but the app never reflects that info correctly.
Serious lagging problems, freezes, crashes. Says devices are connected, turning on and off changes status in app but not the device.
Worked great to begin with so I bought 3 more plugs and a light switch... Horrible choice!!
Hit and miss. When you need it to work it doesn't work. Devices are greyed out.
Works until it doesn't. Pretty dumb smart device. Just try moving and connecting it to a new network. Better to smash it with a hammer and buy a plug from a better manufacturer.
The updates always fail. Hit and miss. I would buy a camera if I could trust it.. I bought a light dimmer which does not work.
Rubbish app... doesn't work and can't connect anything. Cheap Chinese devices work much better
Worst product I have ever seen. Spent one hour to configure the smart plug with this crappy app and gave up. Returning it tomorrow.
Wemo products, including this app, seem to be subpar. App is consistently losing connection from the light switch.
Up and running in no time. Set up in one room near router, then moved far away from router. So far so good. App was simple to navigate.
WeMo has made our lives a little easier... I love that I can turn on lamps and devices in the home from virtually anywhere. Controlling them through Echo makes it even better. Not sure why the devices aren't recognized every now and then and they need to be manually reset but that's okay. It happens infrequently enough that you still get 5 stars from me.
I use 3rd party apps to use my wemo switches because this mix of software and wemo server is so unreliable and is very slow. Trying to get the remote access to work is a pain.
Not intuitive. Some what complicated to get things working. The Alexa connectivity was not straightforward.
Thusbworked fine with alexa prior to the firmware update, nut now it is all jacked up. No matter what I name the light alexa turns on the wrong light or cant find it at all.
The installation process took some time, could be that it kept detecting 2 different Wi-Fis (since I have an extender) after installation though, everything runs smoothly. At times the app detects as some outlets as off even thou they are on, but a simple press to sync correctly and everything is fine again
Work great, insight plug love it, and have had a switch for a few years. Only problem is app bugs out sometimes and has to be reinstalled
Eats battery. Takes too long, not brisk. Sometimes some devices inexplicably greyed out. Needs total recoding for a more immediate, responsive, streamlined feel.
I changed my router and now I cant get it to work anymore. Way too difficult to set up. Im going to throw it in the garbage and buy a different brand.
Piece of junk. Painful to setup. It asked me to authorize an upgrade, which I did. Now it seems to be dead. The upgrade does not ever finish.
First device worked great and was easy to set up. Second device has been nothing but trouble and is really showing off how brittle the app is.
The app always tells me it's "downloading" ever since the last update. Worked fine before and they broke it with the last update.
Lacks a lot of features. Takes long to load certain screens. Sometimes I'm unsure if I can trust a device's status.
Totally buggy as regards set-up, and often later on as well. It's a tragedy that such a good looking device has such awful software. Bizarre, even.
Unknown devices kept showing up with unknown roles. Have to uninstall app and reinstall app to correct it. Not good app at all.
Not as intuitive as I'd like. Some hardware connected quickly but some - not so much.
Easy setup, works great UPDATE: Terrible. Bought a wemo mini and have spent HOURS trying to reset, and configure it. Very buggy app. Sometime it works great, mostly not.
Bought it only to use with IFTTT added it eventually but when creating aplets you cannot add your already attached devices and I says that the wemo can only be paired from the wemo app. We are talking smart home, make this so it works easily with other devices and services and I bet you would sell more.
Couldn't get to work with Alexa, but can control Wemo outlets with the app at least. More flexibility on rules would be nice also.
I love being able to control my electronics with my phone. haven't had any issues with this app since I started using it.
I can think of several ways they could make it more simple to get everything working. That's especially true if you move and need to reset everything to a new wifi connection. Top of that list would be a better set of more comprehensive instructions. With a little help from Google, and a fair amount of technical understanding, I have gotten mine set up at two different houses though. Once set up, I have no complaints about how any of my individual units work. All of my WeMo devices work exactly as they are supposed to, and I am completely happy with their performance.
The app is as mediocre as the smart switch. Linking to WiFi is totally non intuitive and painful process.
Performance is bad. UI should be more fluid
The newer switches are far superior to the previous versions. We now have WeMo controlling all of our exterior lighting with Alexa voice control when we need lighting out of schedule.
New update destroyed my wemo map that includes 4 plugs and 2 switches. FIX IT, ASAP! BTW here is my prior review before the update! "I haven't had any problems with the software and the rules work exactly how they are supposed to work."
App is buggy on Pixel XL with Android P. Cannot save rules. Works fine on Galaxy and iPhone.
When it works, it kind of works but never properly or how you want. When it doesn't work, it fails horrendously. If you ever need to change your router, you might as well toss out your Wemo devices. I've been fighting for an hour trying to get my devices to work on my new router. Bottom line, not worth the trouble. Do not use. Do not buy. Avoid at all costs.
Installed the device fine. App is almost unsueable from how slow and bug filled it is. Not impressed with the end result.
Overall it's average. I feel the app is slow compared to Hue which I am using both products. It works fine more disappointed in the speed of the app.
The app doesn't work on my android phone. Pretty useless. I'm never buying a wemo product again.
All my devices get disconnected for no reason while I use the app with my home wifi. Funny thing devices show connected when using my cell data plan.
Works great after you get the smart switches installed. I couldn't get it to work with my Pixel 2 so I had to use my tablet to add switches
App is unreliable. It seems that when you really need to know or change the status of a light it shows up as 'undetected'. Almost always the app closes and reopens when I wake up my phone. Updating the firmware also failed many times until I uninstalled and reinstalled the app. 'Help' was useless.
This app used to be great, things used to work well a year ago. now it doesn't work , it doesn't pair, basically useless. I used to recommend this a lot now I have no faith in it
Crashes all the time. Not sure what was wrong with it. I am running the newest Android OS.
**REFUND MY MONEY** The app closes when on WiFi and only works with mobile data. This is an expensive slow joke for $100! How about sharing this on two phones? How about saving the setting on your server? Only one person can use it? Hit and miss and not reliable, sometimes it says something is off or on but it is wrong! Why? The hardware is yours which you charged us more than $100 for it, the software is yours too and you can not make them work together! By the time it gets loaded I can catch a taxi, go to airport, board a plane, go home, switch off the lights, make sure it is off, and come back! Using this at home? Forget about it, just turn off the switch manually. According to Google 0.5 million to 1 million people downloaded this, let's say also 1 million IPhone users downloaded this. Let's say a quarter of those bought more than one, maybe 2, 3, 4 or more for their business or home. It makes up to $300 million product! Let's say $200 million product from a company who earns billions. And you still managed to make it as useless as possible. Well done. And don't you see I gave you one star, stop asking please!
Setup was the only issue, using Samsung phone and connecting to the WiFi. Had to turn off smart switch to get it to link my WiFi. Overall does what it's suppose to. Can use Alexa to control or through app on phone.from anywhere. I have no delay when turning on or off from Alexa or phone
I've had the reset this adapter several times and it will not allow me to use the correct schedule rules which is cost me over use of the air conditioner this summer I'm very disappointed in the WeMo
Buggy. Rules don't work. Hardware settings page doesn't work. Once you get it configured, the basic on/off functionality works, but not much else.
Can't set up device using my WiFi password. Apperantly wemo doesn't allow special characters! Come on! I guess serious wifi security isn't a concern of Belkin. Would give a higher rating if Belkin would provide the ability to make a strong wifi password
Works perfectly for me. Also have some of the now discontinued smart bulbs, which have also worked well. Important to keep firmware updated but I easily control multiple units using this app. Off/on timers and auto shutoff features work fine.
My weak, at best internet service I must use the cellular data to operate the app. Otherwise I cannot get it to load.
Keep an old Android device handy for setup. The latest OS's automatically connect to active data. Meaning, because you're required to connect your phone to the switch/dimmer via WiFi for setup (there is no live data/internet connection on these), the phone will default to cellular for data. When this happens, the Wemo app won't enter setup. And because these switches/dimmers like to randomly (and frequently) forget their settings, you'll constantly go through this loop. The silver lining is that when you do get them to work, it's great. I can use Google Assistant on the phone or Google Home to control these. And it's fun creating custom triggers with IFTTT.
Sometimes devices do not show connected, but they can still be controlled by Alexa. Seeing flakey problems like schedules run at the wrong time. The app sometimes shows the switch is on when in fact it is off
This is a terrible app, so laggy slow and KILLS MY BATTERY CONSTANTLY literally 100% to 40% in 3 hours and was hardly using my phone no other background apps open just this one was open I ran tests.
Bought one, went back & bought 3 more. Works perfectly with Google assistant routines &/or on it's own
Rules stopped working. Schedules to turn the switch off are ignored. I reset all the switches and reinstalled the app without resolution. Many eople are having the same issue. I had to create rules with my Samsung smartthings to control this
When and if you get it working, it works well. But the slightest change can cause complete distrubtion for all of your devices. Adding devices or making wifi changes are very tedious and lengthy processes.
Took many attempts to save a schedule. Very slow to setup the wemo smart plug.
There's always that one device which suddenly doesn't update its status anymore. It still works through Google assistant (which, for some reason, is able to provide the status of the device), but you won't see the device unless you disconnect from wifi. I have a feeling it's due to being on a different access point, but come on Belkin, it's been years and this issue still exists. Also, why can't we access devices based on residence? What if I want to control multiple locations at once? Why hasn't this been figured out yet? Rules are also a hit or miss. If I'm on wifi my rules don't save. But on cellular, they save. When switching between wifi and cellular the app completely restarts,so if I've made a rule and it won't save and switch to cellular I have to re enter the rule settings. Settings the time for rules shouldn't be this difficult, just let us type the number in, why do I have to tap multiple times to set the minutes?
No way to connect to ifttt with an Google created ifttt account. I don't have a regular login, and Google blocks the web instance within wemo app. Wemo's own support shows many with this issue, but no solution other than to convert to a regular ifttt account.
Used to really love all my WeMo switches, but now it just says upgrade failed on all of them and they rarely work anymore, pretty disappointing.
Discontinued WEMO products in Australia, I would need to throw all my products in rubbish bin and start all over again with another Brand, Shame on you Belkin, not a really SMART way forward with smart lighting yes?????
Keeps dropping out! Won't work with Google Home devices!! No voice commands. Phillip Hue smashes this out of the park!!
Everytime it updates, I get a message saying it's complete but the app still say update in progress. It lasts forever and I have to start all over (activating devices) again once it is done.
pos! This device no longer works with Google home. It used to and then the release came and it's now about an hour in to reconnect with WiFi and the device and no luck. It does not work. Horrible interface. Even before the update it was hard to set up. What a disappoint ment.
Setting it up to connect with ifttt was a huge pain. I use a password manager and it couldn't detect the password form in the embedded WebView. Google also isn't a sign-in option due to user agent settings, and Facebook sign-in logs you into the website, not ifttt
I don't know what everyone else is expecting the switch to do -- it works just as expected and does it well! I assume everyone else with connectivity issues are probably putting it too far away from their WiFi router?
Really bad user experience, the wifi entry screen is really buggy after multiple attempts can't get the wifi setup done and I am a mobile power user. It sucks, want my money back
Is confusing because they tell you to turn off Wi-Fi search but in fact you need the search on to locate the WeMo connection. Choose WeMo instead of your home Wi-Fi and that activates the app so you can complete the setup and rejoin your home network. Until you connect to the younique WeMo Wi-Fi you cannot access any of the functions related to your device.
Does not work with my pixel. Software upgrade failed. Not saying that my Pixel is not the problem.
All of my WeMo devices are unresponsive and no longer work with Alexa also I cannot control my devices app setup is difficult and app keeps crashing and updating firmware does not help
Had some difficulty with setting up the WeMo outlet. Once it's setup, app works easy enough.
Good forbid you move to another outlet or lose power. Getting it to communicate again is like pulling out your toenails.
Worst setup process of any product I've ever used. I should have bought the TP Link instead. Update: Returning this POS outlet and buying one of a company that doesn't suck at coding
Still has trouble showing the state of switches even after a refresh. It always nags about phantom firmware updates. Can't control devices in multiple locations. Registration is required. Lots of problems with lag
App keeps telling me I need to update my firmware. When I do, it errors out. Got a new home router and one of the 3 light switches won't reconnect and our only plug won't reconnect.
Belkin should stick to wire not tech. I have three Wemo devices. Huge mistake. You're never told about upgrades to firmware. Two of my devices have been upgrading for 72 hours. One of them doesn't even appear in my Wemo app. These things arw awful
constantly says can't find and when I'm out of town and wanna turn on some lights it won't find it. will search for another device. with all these bad reviews you think they fix it..but nope
Interface is terrible. Returning the wemo motion product. Not sure if uut work cause the app would not work. Feels like a beta product
Can't get the device to stay connected to the WiFi. Attempted to do a hardware upgrade and it spun for 45 minutes to upgrade. Took it out and threw it back in the box. I am fairly technical and I can't find a way to get this to work. If you are considering this purchase I'd wait till they get their act together.
Very very difficult to get my 'stupid' plugs to connect. So far I've had to uninstall and reinstall the app a couple times and they are still not working. If I can't get it to connect this time, I'm returning them
Setting up is not straightforward and taking too long. Then not able to setup a second unit.
I installed several switches running through wemo and now my app is crashing everytime I open it. Do I need to get a new system, or is there an update on its way?
Works, but always asks to update software even right after an update. Sometimes the outlets randomly get dropped and you have to go through tedious process to reconnect. Overall though, it generally works most of the time. 1st world problems...
Works ok, but lacks some basic functionality, like delegating old devices that you no longer are in possession of. This ends up confusing Alexa, if you've replaced said devices & are using the same names (I.e. Living Room)
You broke it. Can't get to work on note8 worked before update. If you want to sell a product at least have a app that works. Now my whole house is back to wall on off switch without dimmer. Why did I buy your product?
It will NOT connect. The app is buggy and after two factory resets, I'm just going to use it manually and press the button every time. Not a very smart device.
It could not see two devices (I had bought a pack of two) and then when it was updating, it never turned back on... Something happened when it downloaded the update... Very dissatisfied with this product. It was a waste of money and only worked for two weeks.
Worked ok till the wifi password changed. Then it was impossible to change it. I reset the light switch, uninstalled the app, reinstalled the app. Nothing works. Frustrating thing is I can connect to the switch wifi, but can never get it to add the the app when on normal wifi.
Something is very wrong with this version 1.19.1 Wastes too much of time and effort doing resets etc..
Always have problems.When I updated my app I lost the rules, now I tried to make new one and can't save it, it's turning and turning .... The firmware update takes forever. I have two switches from more than one year but I'm thinking to change them for something else
The app works well when all devices are recognized. However, there have been several times when only one of my two devices will show up properly and respond to commands from the app.
In the year I've had it I've had to delete the app reboot the WeMo switch at least five six times now so when you're on vacation you don't know whether it's working or not
Did not work on my pixel 2 with Android p. Had to use another phone to set up lights. Even the customer service agent said it was weird... Does seem to be harder than it has to be...
It's nice when it works. Useless when it doesn't.
Changed router, hard reset everything; 4 dimmer switches, 5 light switches, and 4 switches. None will go through auto-setup to connect to new router. Have $700 of products that do nothing more than turn lights on and off when pressed manually. RECENT updated app is the cause.
Seems to not work about half the time. Need to restart phone or mess with alexa app to get to work.
Hard to use app, not easy to set up especially if you change your internet provider or introduce a new router. Randomly forgets settings, I've given up on it.
Used this to integrate a window AC into my smart house appliance. If you want to get really fancy use IF This than that (app: IFTT) with a nest thermostat. Either way awesome app and product
Just got my first Wemo which is a plug. Set to go on at 7pm and sitting here at 6pm it came on. Then after a few minutes it turned off. Not a good experience so far.
When setting it to away mode they constantly turn off. I have also set the sunrise/ sunset and I wake up to the lights being turned off in the middle of the night.
Product works less than 50% of the time. Doesn't find lights or entire groups. I've reset the hub, flicked switched to reset the bulds to no avail. Too bad, a lot of money wasted.
Save yourself the trouble and just buy other smart products. The WeMo products and app are consistently bad.
The Wemo SmartPlugs were the most frustrating products I've ever had to set up. Unintuitive and buggy app that kept crashing. So much time wasted. Stay away.
App works okay at best. Set up was supposed to be a breeze but took some patience. I find the rules I set to schedule lights to come on and off to be buggy. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. I never have a problem controlling the lights when away from home on my phone.
The app does not provide a clear status on the mode of the light switch... I am questioning if the light switch is in away mode or not... Also... The website content is all out of place... I hope that they have a user menu (or perhaps I did not find one) in PDF..
Ok app but not all switches show up all the time even though they are connected. App shows some switches grayed out and i can still control them with alexa. Great concept just needs a little work
It fails with the changes of summer time. The rules do not work.
So far, so good! I got two of these to make coming home at night easier. Setup took about an hour to do both. I'm curious about how secure they are, so more testing is needed. It does what I want it to, so five stars. I also dig the "Rules".
The update for WW SC 11054 PVT never, ever completes on my Pixel 2, and one of my switches never, ever retains discovery (but 2 others do for some reason).
last night I turned a light on from 1600 miles away, and now I can't get it to turn off. It may be two months before I get to that address again... this light will be on the whole time. How much $$ will this cost my electric bill???
I do not usually vent but this app is constantly disconnecting. As of right now, I am trying to connect reconnect with Google home but it is becoming frustrating.
Not compatible with Apple Homekit and only partially compatible with Google Home Assistant, constantly has devices 'upgrading' and setup was clunky requires a few goes...
Latest Firmware update constantly fails, never completes. App stops finding devices, needs to be terminated and restarted so it can. Amazon Echo stopped finding devices months ago.
I like the product but updates are broken they never work for all my devices and I have to reset constantly.right now 1 of 3 devices are broken after update.
Terrible app to setup. App shows not connected and very frustrating to setup. Very painful piece of junk.
b"It took a while to set up my device but I eventually figured it out. But it's been a few months now, and the app doesn't recognize my device...but I can control it through my Google home. So it is still linked, it's just that the app can't find the device to turn the light on & off. ??"
Wouldn't allow me to set up my smart plug mini on my pixel XL running Android P, and I had to use iOS. Bleh
Update from last time I prematurely submitted in December 2017. Ditto to the most recent submitted reviews from other users. This software needs a serious overhaul!
It will not do what it tells you do . There is no wemo network to connect to .. it enables nothing. Spent over 3 hrs so far and no luck
This was a nightmare to set up. An hour the first time before I gave up. It took thirty minutes the second time before I got it to work. It is NOT six easy steps.
App refused to connect to my home network until I reset the wemo device, once I was connected, every rule you set just disappears after you close and reopen the app and never actually workeven juts a simple "turn light on at this time" looked like it saved while you have the app open, but once you close the app and reopen it on wifi or cellular, all your rules are gone
It is hit or miss on working. Can't detect device on wifi but can via cellular network. Can't edit settings just gets the spin of loading that never loads.
Fails every update, every single time and more than 20% of the time Alexa says the light or fan meaning the wemo isn't responding. Look in the app and it says update failed... All the time.
I have 2 light switches, 2 insights, and a combo of 5 new and old version regular outlet switches. I have never had a failure or disconnect. I have always been able to access out of my home network. Setup was simple. I am able to use it with SmartThings and Google Assistant.
How can people even use this p.o.s app? Spent an hour trying to set up my light bulbs because every time I opened the app, it forgot all the settings so I would have to go through the whole set up again each time. I gave up at the hour mark, and am now going to sell on the lightbulbs. Absolute trash on Android.
Setup sucks.. one plug works setup second one and first one disappears. Cant find it on network unplug replug.. nothing Product too expensive to have to deal with frustrating setup.
Products would not set up and was on hold on phone 3 + hrs for tech support that never came on. Going to burn the useless product
I received this switchable plug for Christmas. I installed it in an outlet. Read the instructions how to configure it. Learned how set the switchable out remotely. It works great. Later purchased two wall switches for my outside lights. Now I can light up my house anywhere in the world that has internet.
Had to go to you tube video to get Wemo to work. Also, Wemo doesn't work with VPN
The plugs loose connections all the time and I have to reset them which for one that is a pain to get to makes me want to throw them in the garbage.
Everything works except when an update is released. Then it is a real nightmare. It may take 5 mins to update or it may take 5 days. By the way, you can't use it until the update is complete.
After changing ISP's, I'm finding it impossible to set my plug up again. However many times I try going through the set up, it just hangs.
The (three) bulbs do not turn on or off according to the programmed times and now will not update. A frustrating waste of time and money.
Unreliable. Clunky. As I write it's been stuck upgrading firmware for over an hour with no indication of progress or if it's hung. Had this Wemo switch for years and it's always been flakey.
Is it the app or the hardware? Running a freezer off wemo, it decided to upgrade firmware. Afterwards it left it in the off state when it was on before. Melted ice cream before we noticed. Unreliable.
App was written by amateurs. * it's slow to start, restart, etc. * it can't autoconnect to a Wemo smart-plug (like Kasa) during setup but requires user intervention. * it doesn't show total daily/weekly/monthly energy usage
Hit or miss on its integration with Google home. 80% of the time Google can't find the device and I have to use the app. I'll end up replacing it
Messed with it for an hour. Don't care enough to continue. Good thing I didn't pay for it.
I love it! Never had any problem with it, even when I lost power for 4 days my Wemo had no problem at all.
I have tons of other devices that I've tried to remove by all the ways listed without any success. About to stop using wemo all together!!
The devices update on a daily basis. Some of then cannot complete the update. As a result they become unavailable. Too many updates meaning a buggy app.
Controlled devices often disappear from the list. It has problems updating device software and sometimes the app needs to be deleted and reinstalled. Clunky to say the least.
This app is great but I would give it 5 stars if the developers add an option to get notifications based on power consumption targets. Ex: notify me when the power consumption goes above or below a certain number.
Away mode settings do not always work for a device. Instructions are not well written or understandable. I would not buy again.
This doesn't connect with my pixel phone like the box says. Now I have to take this trash back, thanks for wasting my time.
The set up is atrocious. You have under 30 seconds to fill out and set up as much as possible before you're kicked out and have to start again.
Installed all lights yesterday with a high degree of difficulty. Today, none of them work and two have disappeared. This app is awful!
Scheduled rules broken. When I try to creat a new rule the app hangs and gets stuck loading after o hit save.
Set up not always easy. Hardware update failed a d caused switch not to work. With tech support got it to work again. Forcing the firmware upgrade not intuitive.
Weather caused power outage I just spent2 days getting these up and running so not use friendly now I can't get them up again wemo sucks sending back to Amazon!!!!!!!
Freshly installed app won't even open once. Immediately crashes every time you open it. Android 8.1 with June 2018 security patches.
Please change the way you set the time. It's annoying and a waste of time to keep tapping on the arrows to set the minutes. Allow us to enter the time manually...Thanks!
Firmware updates fail frequently, no reason displayed. If internet connection lost then restablished, devices not reliably back online.
This is useless in setting up with Google Home. No help features that are useful and I keep getting stuck in the same loop.
Super buggy setup, wemo has nearly no options compared to competition. Won't be buying anymore Belkin home automation products.
Instructions on how to setup so it can be programed is fine. No instructions on how to program on and off times etc are provided either in the box or online.
So many connection issues. Something is definitely wrong with Belkin's WEMO's app, their backend or their devices in general. I will come home about once or twice a month unexpectedly to devices that do not respond to Alexa, experience connectivity issues, and/or freeze/lockup the WEMO android app. I have called customer support and they have spent hours walking me through unplugging/resetting my devices/updating my firmware/ trying to re-enable the wemo alexa skill (all of which i already tried before calling). Alexa WEMO Skill cannot be enabled. CS blamed it on an out of date firmware issue. Sure, I'll just remove every device except one with an updated firmware. Guess what? It still doesn't work. The WEMO Alexa Skill will try to verify your home network, be unable to, ask you for your Wifi's SSID and Device's MAC address to match it in their systems. Fail to do so, block you from further attempts and tell you to try again in 10 minutes. BELKIN. You need to get your stuff together!
Hard to set up, over 4 hours now and I can't get it connected! I have a brand new 9s and its not working
Used to be great, but just gets more and more problems after software updates, absolute rubbish what a waste of time and money, very disappointed.
Terrible. Never got it to work. Bought Phillips lights and setup was easy
I'm going to give up on this app and all the switches I purchased (10) and find an alternative. It's a major f*@$*ng ordeal every time there's an update that takes weeks if not months to correct. Just leave it alone for f@%k' s sake.
Recently moved and had to reset my Wemo. I can't get the app to forget my old WiFi network, so I can't reconnect my device. Very irritating.
Setup was a little odd. Just do what instructions say and don't over think it. Works great, no issues.
Update never worked. Loses connection a lot. Belin is NO help. When it is working it's great
Wemo workd 'maybe' 50% of tge time and remote capabikity will not enable at all. Last Wemo product I'll ever buy
Too many updates that take too long and don't always work. Outlets turn off and on at will while on a set on and off time schedule.
Doesn't work with 5gh sometimes eather 2.4g and I have to turn off my WiFi connecting to my mobile provider to switch the lights
Very slow app, trying to set schedules is painful and only saved 3 of them out of 10 attempts on a galaxy s7
Initial setup was tricky but okay. Once I figured it out the and the settings were installed any add on light switches were a breeze.
difficult than others to get to work properly. app crashes often.
Fails to connect to my WeMo Insight smart plug after the first time. The 2nd time us in a different wireless network with a different ssid.
Ok. They work and using Alexa to control them is nice. Updates always fail though.
Lost internet connection for a while screwed up wemo I reset wemo to try to reset after not working now app crashes when I try to reconnect
Well it's been a long time coming but the app is passable as a decently functional app, and at the moment, reliable. Nice that a home screen widget is built in too (6 years later). Happy now.
I have lightbulbs, cameras, switches and a motion sensor. I love them and when they work they are super convenient. The app is improving and becoming more responsive. But Google home direct support is absent for light bulbs
I've owned a device and used this app for about 2+ years and it has never once had a version that worked reliably.
Setup wasn't that easy, it had a hard time finding my router, and it still doesn't see my outlet even though I set it up
Continually tries to update some of my wemo mini plugs with new firmware. But the firmware says it's for the wemo switch, not the mini so it fails every time. Tried resetting wemos and deleting and reinstalling app but can't fix it.
Running Android P on my pixel XL. Had to boot up an old note 5 to get this thing configured. Slow app also.
Previously rated 1 Star, deserves 3 stars as updates have helped stabilised the app, although still pretty buggy. A Live widget definately deserves another Star. The units themselves have always been great.
Purchased this device with the intention to link it to my Google Home speaker devices I purchased over the holidays. All I wanted to do is simply say, "OK Google, turn on/off my living room lights," and let Wemo Mini control my living room lights through voice commands on my Google Home speaker. I was not able to enable Remote Access through the Wemo app on my Galaxy S7 running Android 7.0 in order to begin the process of Linking the wemo app to the Google Home app. Got the Wemo Mini and Google Home speakers to turn on/off my lights the first week I had it only after googling a solution which suggested enabling port forwarding on my router while enabling specific ports. This worked for the first week and I was happily able to turn on/off my lights with voice commands through my Google Home speaker. Updated my Wemo Mini firmware last week and now nothing is working. Contacted customer service and attempted several troubleshooting steps over the phone which did not work. I was told my trouble ticket would be escalated to higher level tech support and I should recieve a call within 24 to 48 hours. Honestly, in this day in age this should work seamlessly without the need for the average user to have to resort to changing router settings. I hope tech support can help me figure this out or I will be returning this to the store. I will post an update once I hear back from tech support. UPDATE AS OF 3/7/18: Tier 2 tech support advised they were having issues with their server which is why I cant enable remote access to get my Google Home working with it. The only thing I can do is turn on/off my lights with the Wemo app on my Galaxy S7. Tech support told me to call back in 48 hours to see if thier server issues were fixed. Sorry, I'll be returning this ASAP and trying something else. Good riddance Belkin/Wemo.
Unfortunately, the Nest integration is very poor, so I can't get my lamp to turn on when I return home as I'd like. Additionally, there's no way to remove my Nest from the app, so u guess I'm just stuck with it there now.
Tried using this with a Nexus 6p and it just does not work. It's so laughably unresponsive. Gave up after 20 minutes.
Setting rules gets you a spinner and it never returns or completes. What is the point of a rules tab if you can't save them?
App constantly crashes. Was a pain to get the wemo link synced to wifi. Apparently wemo link doesn't work with Google home. What a huge disappointment.
Update firmware and now can't connect to my wifi. Disappointing! Worked well for a year until the upgrade. Looking to replace them.
Very buggy and unreliable. Really not sure why the wemo app is supposed to make a pixel 2 xl owner smile?
I have no idea what Belkin was thinking when they made this application. I have since switched to Hue lightbulbs. This is an absolute piece of garbage.
Difficult to recognise devices. Time wasting.
Switches wont stay connected to Alexa for more than a day or two. App firmware update will not complete upload.
When accessing the settings on my s8+ a loading screen appears for over 25 minutes. Who has time for that?
Simple app to use, a few bugs in the beginning but they are fixed. I am pleased with the security updates.
Sometimes it works...it takes time to set up...as long as one doesn't touch it would keep working fine. Room for lots of improvement
Rubbish - disconnects devices, deletes them, updates every day then locks up. Worst HA devices I ever bought.
out of all wifi devices wemo is the only one that is stable , i set it up once and thats it,works like clock work, i never write reviews, but this one is worth it, DEFINATLY I WILL BUY MORE OF THIS PRODUCT
I wouldn't say I disliked it and struggle with agreeing it is OK. It can be very unstable and time consuming to troubleshoot.
3 people tried to get it to work, all without success. Going to return it. Called customer service. They were awful.
Awesome app. I am using this with Google home . I can use it form my smartphone directly as well. Good thing is that I can switch on and off when I am out side home also .
Functionally good but pretty ugly and the badgering to review it is annoying! Also not clear how to change the cost per mwh it reports in
Some of the worst instructions I've ever seen on an app it's almost impossible to set up a start and end time
Doesn't have Google home compatability built in. Can't create account or sign in with Google or Facebook. Tech support can't/won't/hasn't resolve a common complaint. I'm taking these back tomorrow and going with an alternative. Don't buy
Easy to use and works with other products. I can't think of an easier set up.
The app is hit or miss...I had to delete and reinstall the app twice before it would recognize my devices....the auto on and off function must have been written by an idiot...horrible app...has the potential for being awesome...just needs lots of work...
Connection issues abound. App is sluggish at times and has weird quirks like not adjusting for daylight savings time.
Buggy app , wasted more than 1 hr in setting up bulb and Alexa integration is pain.
Cute novelty but it doesn't work when you need it to. Every option to reset/reconnect/restart should be listed on the first page of the app. Or just make a solid product that consistently does what it's supposed to.
Horrible connection setup, especially if you make any changes to your network and need to reconnect your devices.
Need to constantly reset. Update doesn't work, keeps asking over and over again. Can't get integration with Google home to work. No explanation of why.
Sometimes I have to press buttons several times before it will turn a device on or off. Also the times are out of sync.
This product is disappointing if your wifi box wears out there seems to be no way to change the wifi networks on this product
Great app allowing full control off appliances when away, but latest update has changed the devices causing the wrong device to turn on and does this on WiFi or cell connection.
I disapointed with the wemo dimmer switch after spending $70. It's not worth it for money. I don't buy this company switch again.
Poor reception of wifi signal. Tested against other devices . Not recommended
This switch fails to connect half the time. Definitely try another brand.
I've heard a lot of negatives about this product but in my opinion it worked very well. There's a couple glitches here and there but generally that was due to a network issue on my end so the app was actually working fine. There's only been a couple of times that I had to wait for the app.
Terrible. App will not allow me to connect any plugs. Just keeps opening up a tutorial over and over again.
DOES NOT WORK... I've been trying to connect to my wemo for the past hr and tired every suggestion wemo provided.
The new update / firmware 5/3/2015 is not allowing my s4 to see the devices. It did work great. Was going to buy more. NOT ANYMORE
There is an update failed on one of my wemo mini outlets and it doesn't work with Google home anymore.
Extremely unreliable. Mini plugs not always recognized. Asked to update firmware & 18 hrs later it claimed to still be updating.
A few glitches here and there with home integration (Google Home) but app works well on smartphone (OP5)
Used for some simple smart lighting at first, but most recently discovered the joy of remote desktop, and began using a switch to remotely turn my computer on and off. Very cool!
This is the first device of its kind I have owned, other than issues trying to set it up it was been a great product. I will buy more
There's not much to say about it it is easy to use very helpful if you do not like walking into a house when it's dark get it you will be satisfied
Widgets show as '?'  the time.. Need to open the app (why have a widget) and refresh repeatedly to get all plugs to reconnect . Setting on/off rules only turns the device on.. Not off. More hassle than it's worth. Glad these plugs were a gift.. Had i spent money I'd be more angry. Now i see why the gifter stopped using them.
It just crashes. Reboot the phone and it'll work for a short while then back to crashing as soon as it opens.
Allowed me to set up my devices with no hassle. Appears to work well.
Says 4 of my light switch are not detected even after successfully resetting and pairing to the wifi.
Very long loading times for random pages and reasons. Extra steps required to set up for Google Home.
Setup no longer works at all <unknown ssid>; seems to have been a not so recent Android update. FAIL.
Poor interface. Clunky. Slow. Awkward. Don't hit the back button to get to the previous screen, or it will kick you out. Just. The. Worst. Pros: it functions.
Confusing set up. Rules don't work half the time. Have reset it three times in last 6 months.
Impossible to get 2nd mini plug on line. 1st was not a problem.
Can't login to new app. I don't need to setup anything, just log in. Broke for now I suppose.
Works as advertised. Setup was OK, could have been a bit easier, but once you figure out the process it's easy. Love being able to turn on lights from wherever I am.
It becomes a struggle to get it to update my devices. Mostly they are on, but the application displays otherwise.
Doesn't work anymore. Says "connected to unknown SSID"! Can't find any of the wemo switches.
Won't install, second device I tried on. First device it installs but crashes during setup
6 days of hell trying to uninstall.. read the fine print. .this WEMO app can take pictures. TAKE PICTURES at any time without notice. .basically voyeur..your camera...tape you're lens...
Bad product, stupid application, do not turn on / off on schedule. Application doesn't start after a day.
Hard to figure out how to set on and off times, not doing what the packaging said it would do.
Really needs a better home screen icon, especially an adaptive icon. The app works well but the UI feels off. Please add a shadow to the toolbar and implement more Material Design.
Had a little trouble with setup, but has since been solid. Works well with phone app.
Seems like it has potential, remote access and set up can be a bit frustrating, and finicky.
The last upgrade took two days. The switch is flaky, even thought it has a good WiFi always have to check to see if it is on. I fine TP Link more reliable.
If it's working, DON'T UPDATE THE FIRMWARE! Last update broke it, now stuck in a downloading loop. Was also a bear to get working in the first place. Added later: after reading the other reviews, and recalling my problems with it over the last few years, it is clear that belkin has no interest in fixing this. Belkin was a name I trusted. Never again. Not one more belkin product will be purchased by me.
In this day and age it's hard to believe you are unable to control two locations from a single app
The app doesn't tell you want the network settings are of the device so you can't troubleshoot problems
Terrible product too many bugs please buy something else. You have been for warned.
Using a good phone, I'm having to exit & re-enter the app multiple times to do one thing. Not ready for prime time
Worst app I've ever used. So glitchy and unreliable. Terrible product. Never works right. Need I continue?
Not easy to set up...setup screen goes blank after looking for devices for 5 seconds.
Since your new updates my app has stopped working it's been down for a week
I've been using Wemos in my house for almost a year. 3 units have been working perfectly. I use them as timers for lights as well as remote control the lights on a few occasions. They just work well.
App and wemo it's self are unstable only works 50% of the time the rest it loses connection ever after spending 200.00 on a bigger faster routor should looking it to GE or samsung
It's soooo glitchy I can't believe they made money on it!!!
I am not a techie but this app was easy to install and set up. Works well
Just got a smart plug and it's amazing. This app isn't following the design language though! Why?
Can get my devices connected to the internet but they do not show in the.
Slowwwww to connect if it connects at all. I have 2 different types and both are problematic.
Can't control devices in more than one place. Seriously? Come on, how hard is that? Here's a hint: it's not. Ridiculous.
App doesn't work. Doesn't load devices and doesn't allow me to do anything. Just shows a white screen
I have one light switch. It would be great if you could have adjust sunset and sunrise times by a certain amount. And also good to put random on off times in.
The app interface looks nothing like the tutorial screens, if you have a network change.. Good luck trying to reset anything.. Still can't find where to reset the connections...
I already have five of your devices that's not enough I need more great product
Only have it on one light swith at the moment, but it has worked great and had no issues with it in my smart home set up or using it with google home for voice control.
Does NOT work with Android P. Had to install it on an Oreo device to set up a plug.
Doesn't work with my Pixel 2 or with Google WiFi. Feels like wasted money on devices.
Very buggy software. Works well once set up. Lots of hourglassing. Unexplained yellow blinking light...
Setting these up are a bit awkward but once it is it works just great. If you change your internet router you'll have to go through it again
Easy to use and track my electricity usage. Really love being able to set the timer and my device turn on and off easily and really great feature is the automatic on and off at specific times of the day. Love it.
One of the two ALWAYS goes offline and I have to manually reset it. Defeats the purpose of the unit. Worthless.
Bad software, setting up rules is terrible. Switching on and off for no reason
Lots of bugs, switches don't respond, can't find them in the app... frustrating.... getting worse, now switches won't update or respond
The auto update of the Wemo fails often. I will NEVER buy again!
This software has given me headaches for years. Very buggyand hardware is hard to reset.
Worked for a couple of weeks then quit. Won't ultrasound of themost plugs either. Frustrating!
I really like WeMo but I hate the app and I'm probably going to have to replace all WeMo devices because of the crappy app
The connect button doesn't work because Google authentication only works on the browser
Every time I had to update the firmware it has caused the app to not work properly. I end up having to do a complete reset of switch and redo the setup.
Works ok once you get everything set up right. Software and hardware set up is difficult.
Does not detect devices. I have tried multiple and none have been able to be setup.
The camera does not work most of the time. Very sorry I purchased it. Waste of money.
It sucks will not connect to my network with Wemo wifi smart plug!
Not easy to setup. It was quite a hassle but finally got it set up
Works most of the time, has a few glitches especially doing firmware updates
App will not find my device even though the devise is connected to the web.
Does not work. Spent hours on it but very unfortunate it never would worked
The app consistently shows the device as being OFF when it is in fact ON. On hitting the power button for the device in the app it seems to figure itself out again. Might be due to manually turning on ?
Just moved having trouble getting more than 2 showing up on the app
Half the time it wont work bc its always going though firmware updates
Save your money ,bought 2 no luck trying to work ,service help is a joke. joke,waste of joke ,would
Been using this app Android app for a few months now. The updates have improved it to the point where it's very stable and reasonably easy to change settings on the Belkin/wemo plugs.
frustrating user workflow...terminology and failure messages do not make sense to an engineer.
It used to work ok but after a firmware update, which seem to happen constantly, the app can no longer connect to the home WiFi. App provides no troubleshooting or error codes.
Stuck trying to download latest hardware update. No longer works. Useless...waste of money
Unreliable, randomly flaky; if it won't work when you really need it to, it's useless.
Sometimes, the app keeps crashing when i try to open it. I am using andriod phone.
The app works as it should and the connection time is minimal. I would have given it 5 stars but the process of registering with If This Then That is not as intuitive as I would like.
Traveling to Ireland and app stopped working and support will not respond to my requests..
Wemo Light Switch not recognized on LG G6 with Android 7 while on wifi.... POS!
Keeps telling me the bulb update has failed. Pity it's all been discontinued.
App is terrible, Google home connection service doesn't even function right
App keeps downloading a newer version and it freezes so I can't use it.
The switches are very poor designed they work fine for about 2 months then all of a sudden I could not get them to connect to the Google home I really regret buying
Useless piece of junk, spent hours trying to set up, completely failed, total garbage.
Works well with my phone. Can't seem to make it work with Google home
Slow buggy app. Need try things 10 times to get it to work.
This app never worked right. Continues to say "switch is not responding" do not waste your time even downloading this app and don't waste your money on the wemo products
Have two plugs and both keep disconnecting and pain in the ass to re connect other products are way better
Really slow. Most of the time I spent in the app was on watching spinning busy indicator.
Bad user interface. Wemo switches stopped syncing with it. Now switches are useless... $74 down the drain.
It has been more reliable than any other product I have tried so far. I'm very happy with the wemo line of products.
App is ok but the updates always get stuck. Such a pain in the neck
Got a new modem. Sensor, And plugs can not be detected. Help site useless.
Junk. Set it up once and then moved. Can't get it to setup at our new house.
This app, and the devices it manages, are complete garbage. Buy anything other than wemo.
Worst Waste of Time App Ever. Why release if you're not ready.
Didn't work on SG and now it's not working properly on Google Pixel 2 XL... It shows the devices, but I can't turn them on/off... Tried resetting and everything else suggested...
Device works well but hasn't got a user friendly timer setup
Cannot group lights in scenes... The more you add the worse it is to manage
Basically impossible to use, connection fails at least half of the time. Shame for the software.
This is terrible working, doesn't even work when you follow it's instructions
It is constantly presenting an error of unavailable when used with Google Home. I bought another brand with zero issues. Wemo never again.
This thing works 20% of time. Very frustrating. Can't recommend to anyone
I cant get my devices online. Updated the app and wished I hadnt
It's cool when it works. It's usually undetected/unresponsive.
App works fine when using data but won't sink state the light switch is in(on or off) if a manual operation is performed at the light. Using a Samsung 8
It just doesn't work. I won't connect the device to the network. It's a paperweight at this point.
Immediatly connected with ease, but on occasion the application fails.i haven't been to link the plugs for use with my Google Home system.
Works great can scare ppl wen am not home lol wotks wen 8 gwt home and all the lights are off overall works everyone need some of these in there house
Tried to change Wi-Fi network. Two hours on the phone with no success.
App is getting better and more stable. Still has issues of you have multiple places that use wemos.
As home automation goes, I find the switches very difficult to manage as most of the time the app can't find them.
15 mins and still not connected. Should not be this hard. Probably returning back to Costco.
The firmware update process is horrible. Please add clear update status and progress indicators.
What a horrible app. Wasted an hour trying to connect wemo light switch.
Crappy app. Set up was ok, but adding devices hasn't worked.
Don't work in Android Pie. And it stops working out of knowhere
Broken app. Crashes and stalls on every new screen. This is on a pixel 2 xl.
Only using app and Wi-Fi, works well, consistently turns device on and off, scheduling works great, no errors in the first month. Using smart plugs for a 10A loads.
Figured out that if firmware is not updating, uninstall wemo app & re-install then setup again & now all 4 plugs are linked & tied with Google mini. Yay
Very frustrating. No info no manual. Old one died when old smartphone died.
I have purchased different wifi enable plug units from different companies. Setup is like pulling teeth. Wemo was super easy. Time to run back to Costco and get a few more.
The Wemo Mini stopped working with Google Home. The app crashes often.
Lost power now switches do not work. Says download failed.
It worked great at first, after an update, it won't find devices and is wasting space on my phone.
I wish it could only enable the local TCP port and not expose me to potential Belkin cloud breach...
Horrible. Connect devices, then they can't be found. Very soon and clunky.
WeMo devices still drop out all the time and become unusable
Not worth the trouble. Changed routers and can't reconnect. App poorly designed.
Not able to set up my wemo device with Android phone
Extremely frustrating to set up & needs to be reinstalled after power failure.
Slow. Unreliable, just like the wemo products. All committed to the recycling.
Very hard to set up. Followed directions and it's so aggravating
Worked a couple of times. Now doesn't work. Plugs waste of money
Only worked for a month. Now won't stay connected to the internet
Sometimes this works sometimes it doesn't. It gets really frustrating
My only complaint is that the app doesn't work with Samsung Bixby.
Devices are good. App is total trash. Had to return device
It is hit or miss whether or not it connects. Convoluted instructions and procedures. POS.
Has trouble connecting, and forgets settings you just input.
Tried both iOS and Android. Both apps terrible. Can't connect
Absolute trash product, and even trashier application and software. My girlfriend and I can't get a single device set up with two of the most popular phones on the market (Pixel XL, and iPhone 7). My Pixel gives an error every time, and her iPhone just spins while "connecting" for hours. If you're at this point where you're reading the app reviews, it's probably too late and you've also wasted your money, but if you can, return this pile of garbage ASAP and avoid anything Belkin going forward.
I really wish we had more fine controls as to who can turn on and off the lights, my brother keeps connecting and locking me out.
Cumbersome, extremely buggy, very unstable product.... stay away from wemo products
So far it works well. I'm only using it to control a lamp and a fan. My son uses it for four items at his house. I am using Amazon Echo and he uses Google home. All seem to function as expected.
When my plugs are recognized, the app works great. It seems to take days to complete a firmware update. Often the update doesn't complete and I need to reset and readd the plugs.
App is very buggy. Often fails to load screens or react to commands.
No account for your different devices. No detail describe about each function.
Not easy to setup but seems to work ok after that.
Constant need to reset. Hit or miss if its going to work.
I have yet to have an update to work had these for 2 years and no update has worked total waste of time looking at replacing them with phillips hue!
The device works but the app is garbage. Old and slow
I like it but it is hard to understand all the setup rules.
When stuff stops working it has no helpful information.
Way too many firmware updates that cause problems with the units.
Has worked really well for me. I've had my Wemo for over 2 years and the app for over a year. They both work seamlessly over WiFi and over cellular data
I set up on and off schedules and they never work.
Cannot get it to work after 3 years of dealing with it
Rules editing very buggy and locks up and won't save
App is not very well developed. Likely will return
Hard to set up and make changes . Not user friendly
Great when it works. But too frequently it loses devices for no reason with no ability to rediscover them. It repeatedlt prompts to update firmware but the updates never complete.
Horrible. It takes way too long to setup...not a smart device.
The mini plugs do not stay connected Ever!
Can not get it to turn light on and off when connected to mobile interent
Wemo need to step up their game with their app. Disappointing
Continues to lose WiFi annoying to try to reconnect absolutely horrible
Returning it.could not set up. Waste of time.
After half an hour, this can automatically / remotely switch off the WeMo that my iron is plugged into. Safety is not an accident. Nice user interface.
It is quirky. Rule setting not always intuitive.
Buggy, Slow, Difficult to Setup, doesn't play well with Google Home
App a little bit laggy but everything else is good. Although, wish u could change the type of bulb without reseting everything
Sometimes finds the device and sometimes doesn't. Sometimes the on off button doesn't work.
Connectivity issues, cant find device half the time.
Horrible app and product in general. Works for a day and then stops.
Huge headache. Installed a new router and the reinstall is a real headache.....to put it midly.
So far, the app has proven to be very useful. I will need to test a few "rules " over the next couple of weeks. I'm very pleased so far.
I use the switches on my aquarium as a timer. Then when I have company or want to turn the white or blue lights on I just use my app. Super easy and no added noise. Love it.
Was fine till I upgraded my internet now only one device is seen. I've followed the instructions to reset five times with no luck.
Bad interface, not intuitive to use. Poor directions
This app is terrible. I can't remove devices I no longer use, I can only "hide" them. But hiding does no good because they just pop back up on the list eventually. I WANT TO REMOVE THEM! IT SHOULD NOT BE THAT HARD TO ACCOMPLISH! COUNTLESS OTHER APPS ALLOW TOTAL REMOVAL OF AN ITEM YOU NO LONGER USE, BUT NOT THIS ONE! Then there is the issue of failed firmware updates. Just retry it you say? Nope! Not an option! I have tried to factory reset. I have tried to uninstall and reinstall the app. I have tried clearing the cache and date. NOTHING WORKS! This sad attempt of a UI that acts as the only means to communicate with the WeMo devices is abysmal and I'm personally embarrassed for the individuals that think that this is an acceptable interface for their smart products. If I were in charge, I'd order this joke of an app be scrapped and have the engineers start over, because this offering is a joke.
Mostly all my devices fail to update. Disappointing really.
Terrible always hangs. Horrible updates. No security. Never listens to users.
Works great and very easy to use Love the convince of the timer works like a charm.I currently own 6 wemo. And yes works great with Amazon echo..
Regular connection issues. No readily available support online.
Very difficult to set up connection. Poor help guides. Beware.
Had to do all sorts of tricks to get these configured and firmware updated. It really doesn't have to be this difficult... Pairing a bluetooth is simplier.
Slow!!!!? Buggy as hell... Just the worst.. I can't remember a worst app than this.
Lights never connect to network... Always errors trying to update
App is stuck in "downloading". Had to unplug device to turn it off.
Schedule editing is not intuitive and is frustrating to figure out.
It's a little hard to set up at first but then after that it's great. I open it and turn my lights on anytime. Sometimes just to wake people up.
App works fine while the widget crashes or simply lags in response to user input (then eventually crashes)
Fix the connectivity issues for crying out loud Belkin!
A company that actually releases updates for their existing products! Amazing! Love my Wemo products and the comfort, security & convenience that they afford me.
Unable to create new rules for the past few months.
Took a while to find current instructions about how to set it up with Google Home but worth it. There are good YouTube videos if you do a search.
Worst app ever. All I do is fight with it. Horrible
Iys GARBAGE! IM UN-INSTALLING RIGHT NOW
So difficult to install. App is very limited in scope
Keeps crashing and I can't it display the second device
I can't seem to get my device connected.
Some times devices go unknown. This is anoying
Awful setup, nothing but other complaints listed online.
App is very poor, firmware updates always fail
Worst! Try something else if you looking for smart switch
Does not work with Pixel XL after update.
Very hard to set up. The app is very slow.
It's okay, but could use more work. The Insight screen needs more data; it should have a graph of the power usage.
Is okay but some time it gets stuck.
Easy to use and reliable. Simplistic interface. Most importantly, it works.
Still have to disable remote access to get the firmware upgrade prompt, and now the upgrade fails every time. Please fix the bugs!
App constantly freezes or crashes, difficult to connect.
Since the last few updates, I have lost the ability to control the devices with Alexa, connecting new devices has become difficult.
Won't connect. Worthless. Needs an option for 0 stars
Unreliable or buggy... That's it. It's one or the other. Take your pick.
so hard to use and update firmware not easy
It's very usefu I can shut my stuff off everywhere I'm at if they have Wi-Fi that is really awesome
Issues with all updates when trying to use Google home
Seem to work for every thing besides fw updates
Works 80% of the time and sometimes slow to connect.
App is slow. Instructions to connect to the device is not intuitive.
Still freezes on firmware updates, very frustrating.
Trying to use app after a change to network is impossible
Too many error cannot connect the plug
Setup is difficult. Can't recommend it, especially at the price.
Devices are difficult to setup - not user friendly.
Recent release broke the functionality. Can't open the app now.
Cannot compare with others, but wemo performes quite well (perfectly if it would launch faster).
Constantly freezing... very horrible experience with the wemo dimmer
Your app dose not work with alexa lot of the time come on people, do your job right and make it more reliable.
Amazing! I can control the air conditioner from work. So when i get home....the house is already nice and cold.
Awful. Constantly crashes and refuses to pair with my devices.
It's a bit leggy otherwise fires everything it's supposed to
Horribly unpleasant pairing experience. Please improve the app.
Changed Wi-Fi now won't connect so frustrated I will throw in bin ..i have very little time for things that don't work
Fails at updating firmware. Glitches regularly
After latest firmware update this product falls far short of usable. I am now shopping for a different product to replace everything branded Wemo
Won't stay connected to my Wi Fi.. junk
Every since the last update my lights will not come on with the timer or turn off. The phone number is always busy for support.
Why is this app so slow? What have you done?
Awful product and the instructional video is incorrect. PoS product
Hate it, worked great until need to reset for faster internet, all lemons even manual reset doesn't work on some.
A bit temperamental when installing and updating firmware and if power off for prolonged time, but works great when up and running.
Discovery of devices is horrible and updates keep failing.
Latest fw update screwed everything up!
Wemo devices and ecosystem are very buggy and unreliable.
Unable to connect to my dimmer switch with the app.
The app seems to work well enough, except for the part where it can't set up new devices on newer versions of Android.
Every single time looses connection. Ridiculous
Still cant get this to connect to my network.
Update fails and plug goes offline a lot.
Stop asking me to rate, the app is pretty horrendous anyways
Changed modem, now light switch is useless
Worked for a few weeks then quit working.
Won't upgrade firmware. Useless error. Keeps prompting to upgrade.
Works well although updating can be finicky.
Not reliable, constantly losing wifi connection
Worked great until my wemo device was disconnected from the outlet and I can't even get it to find my wifi anymore..
App quality is no good keeps crashing.
Damn thing doesn't work. Do not buy it
Worst setup process of any device ever.
Says that rules are active, but the switches that are supposed to be on are not. It really shouldn't be that hard to schedule switches for when you're away, but these are unreliable at best.
Doesn't work even after tech support
It was a little funky in the beginning but I've been using it for a couple of years now they've released many updates and works great.
What an atrocious, sluggish, non-functional app.
Nothing work it has become useless app.
App helped me connect to the Smart Switches and get everything set up. Works without issues. At times, the connection seems to act up.
App and experience is awful. Awful don't buy it
Has worked as expected. I like the single outlet blocking design. (Most devices cover two outlets).
Its awesome, we have two and use them both. We love that we can control our electronics from our phones from anywhere!
Works great with Galaxy S5 but on pixel 2 im having problems. Days on end with the lightswitch updating.
Poor instructions, poor design, don't buy it
We use this app a lot. Love that we can check to make sure lights are turned off even when we are away from home.
Easy setup but not stable . Connected devices disappear and phone exchange has to reboot to fid them.
These switches are unreliable, the app is ok.
Difficult to use,unreliable poorly executed.
Works well most of the time. Integrates well with Google Home. I have Wemo devices controlling three items in my house. Plan to get more.
Remote access does not work! Without it my devices cannot connect to the Internet. How is it possible for such a basic feature to not work!!??
Worked great for a couple of days then just quit, I am too old to figure out why it quit.
More versatile than I expected, I have 5 devices mostly plugs. I just installed a dimmer. Often the app is better than Alxea. Works as documented.
It works with some troble here and there
It controls my lights either by using my app or by using Google Assistant. "Hey, Google, turn on the guest room light." And it does!
App keeps losing connection to switches at random
Devices can't connect to SSIDs beginning with "0x", such as "0x627567". Found this bug documented on WeMo forums in 2015 and it still exists in 2018.
Will not work well through IFTTT
The product is clumsy to reset when not working
Switches are a bit costly but very functional
Difficult to add more than 1 device
Never works right and devices never connect
The switches keep losing their connection to the access point. Resetting AP is only way to get them back
I have 4 wemo products and love them all so very easy to set up going to buy a few more
Not bad, can be slow and glitchy at times.
App is designed well. Easy to use and navigate. I use it with the Alexa and no problems. I can turn lights on remotely right from the app on my phone
App is not intuitive. Gets stuck loading.
If power fails app won't connect to Google
Great for security as well as convenience and the app itself is solid with little to no bugs, would recommend highly.
Just updated and STILL can't create new rules without first deleting ALL long-press rules first. Come on!
Doesn't even handle DST right. Getting rid of my Belkin and Wemo products and replacing them with companies that actually work.
This is the worst smart home app I've ever used!!!
App fails to see home network. Useless.
Too hard to set up. Connection issues.
Can no longer edit rules. No matter what I do the rules switch back to the old times as soon as I exit the app.
NO TANKS, Actually it's Very Very Good
Keeps getting disconnected from Google Assistant.
Had to change my router and now I can't get them to connect at all. The process sucks!
Unreliable...poor support. Returned plugs to Costco.
Easy setup, works great on Android Oreo and Google WiFi. So far no issues and app has been flawless.
Its hard to set up the plugin. I kept getting an internet not set up error. They have some bugs they need to fix.
Buggy. Setups suddenly revert for no apparent reason. Less than intuitive.
The app is just as bad as the service.
Switched from timers to wemo, big mistake
Goes off the rails and difficult to restore.
Horrible to use and buggy. Rarely works
Can't connect. Instructions are not specific enough.
Fails to upgrade and can't got remotely
Second one and always stops working.
Horrible. Like all Belkin products
Super easy-to-use! Connected several devices to my Google home and my Amazon Echo and all is well. It's fun!
Doesn't work on cellular only wifi
Terrible don't buy the wink devices
The scheduling functionality is way too basic, with daily being the only option.That could do with improvement otherwise works as advertised
Works well with Alexa, like that you can control lights from app or Alexa. Rules are great once you figure out how to program them.
Only works once in a while horrible
Painful to learn how to use it BUT once it's setup not to bad.
Every time I try to turn it on I need to delete app and reinstall, if I upgrade it takes forever and never finishes
I been with customers support twice level 1 2 & tomorrow engineers are calling lol the wont admits it suks
Sucks, doesn't work as advertised.
Not That Good With Alexa.
b'After I got my Tech on, it works Great. Love the fact I can be across town and turn the lights on or off.??'
WiFi doesn't work !!! Brand new air purifier is garbage!!!
Difficult pairing process for wemo devices and incredibly unreliable
Least consistent of all smart home devices. Devices frequently become unresponsive.
Reset settings, not intuitive... Schedule won't save...
I don't like WeMo because it does not have a password so my neighbors could control it too
This app has worked just fine, but seems to have a problem consistently with my Echo
Purchased two for two different homes they only work when your in that house and you can't update the other house when your away worthless for me
It don't work will not connect
Absolutely pathetic app. Constantly unresponsive.
Was working great then it did a forced bios 40 minute update and it stopped working with google.
Product is unreliable. Big mistake purchasing it.
Constantly looses connections. App is NOT friendly if you are a professional who works with these types of products daily.
app is faulty, could not setup schedule due to app problems, to much work to setup
Simple but effective app took a min to figure out the rules part but not long and it was pretty simple!
After the latest update, I can no longer control my 30 buck outlet. Thanks a bunch. Fix this.
Do not. I repeat do not change the network name to make it easier to discern between 2.4 & 5. Just don't do it!
Recent updates have made the app completely unusable. Poor.
Using for some 4' LED strip lights on some shelving wired together with a plug for power. Working great. Good App also.
Pixel 2 XL owner, not sure what I'm supposed to be smiling about, still a dumpster fire of an app.
Works good had a little problem on setup but read instructions they do help.
Poor documentation, firmware updates fail,
Works grest but a little slow
Extremely laggy. Slow to respond to taps.
Doesn't connect. Horrible setup
Instructions are lacking for enabling device.
I love my WeMo light switch. It's perfect for coming home to a dark house and with a few touches my lights are on.
Product works. Software is clumsy at best. Fix that and you'll have a winner.
The app loses connection with the switches pretty often while they are still connected to wifi
Too difficult to set up devices
I have it set to turn on my living room light right as I get up and then turn off right after I leave for work. I love it.
Widget does not always work
Having problems connecting to Google Home
Crashes all the time on pixel xl
Worst UX ever seen on an app
Won't update. Giving me a hard time. Need better instructions
I have to keep going to the play store to open the app. Where's the home page icon?
I have to reset all my WeMo switches every few weeks for the last 4 years
Meh...it works but interface is crude
Couldn't connect no matter what I did. Tried on two separate phones. Like the concept though
Had wemo products with my Echo for 4 maybe 5 years now. Reliable, easy to use, and fun. Ultra convenient.
Really like this wemo plug I can hook it to my A/C and turn it on from using data as well.
Works exactly like it says, great way to save on money with a/c in the summer and lights in the winter. Works great at home or away.
Have difficulty with keeping the camera accessible with the internet at times. Has been working well lately.
Great app plus easy setup that save me job plus save electric bills to cut down..
It's works well but it's not as responsive as the TP-Link Plug.
Very basic interface. I have a single switch for an external light. Works as expected. Must use iFTTT to do any automation.
Really helpful to my family as our AV room is upstairs, we just turn everything on with our wemo app.
Software average. Some what glitchy for functionality.
Device not connected could not recovered
Work for 2 weeks then now it doesn't work anymore... just will not connect.
Impossible to reset the device, useless
Firmware upgrade fails constantly, but it works fine. Alexa integration also works well.
Works fine usually but randomly decides not to work with Alexa. That's the whole reason I got it.
This app is a great app simple to use and setup. Having the ability to turn lights on coming home is priceless in my eyes.
A little difficult with connectivity issue at the beginning, but running smoothly now.
Needs much improvement. Glitchy
Set up with switches is a pain.
Setup is more or less impossible.
Half the time it doesn't work
Pretty good so far. Wish I could use it straight from the Google home app on my phone
Gr8 app, definitely helps me avoid getting out of bed for stuff i used to get up for lol
One of the best wireless plug apps! Wemo got it right!
It won't stop upgrading
I had a hard time installing it at first. Started over and had no problem installing it the second time. Now it works perfectly!
The app gives you no means to figure out why the device won't connect.
Messy software, quirky, not easy to use.
Well its ok until I bought another WeMo and it doesn't want to cooperate.
This app is very bad.
Poorly written Android app, needs some attention to detail, eg, setting a schedule is hard work
Don't update the firmware on the smartplugs, it's so janky and bugs out too often.
A real pain to use.
b"it doesn't work anymore????"
Timers do not work.
Rules do NOT work.
Very buggy when trying to get rid of old devices when hooking up to Google Home.
I'm not sure how, but I made it so Google could turn on my lights.
No longer have to make the trip down 14 stairs to start my coffee maker. Love it!
I like turning the light on and off when my kids are alone in my room. They flip. Haha!!
I love it when it works.... that is when it works. I think its the app. Needs more work. Hopefully wemo gets their act together
Hard to use and set timers!!
Super -- even better than I had hoped. Love the security/performance upgrades. Will buy more.
Rules stopped working. Used to be great.
Poor device connectivity makes this product pretty much useless
So easy to use and set up, the bigger challenge was pairing the devices to my Alexia/Echo.
The latest update still does NOT work for Pixel 2 and Wemo Mini Smart Plugs!
Works great. Easy to set up. Only issue is can only set up at one house, one network.
Sucks. Dont work automatically. I have to use the app most of the time to get the switch to turn on or off.
i use this to cut the power to my garage door every morning, came home one day and it was up
Very little explanation if your product doesn't connect right away
Id rate it higher if my light switch would actually upgrade
I like being able to control my lights away from home. I tied it to Alexa and can control my lights anywhere in the house.
Cumbersome, but works.
You have to reset everything and set up from scratch after change the router?
Product is so unreliable. POS.
Cant get the app to work. Won't even load About and Info...
Works ok. A little unreliable with Google Home. Updates are helping make this better.
Tried everything to get the enable remote access feature, but it just doesn't work.
I have only had this switch for 2 days so far it's working great
To hard to setup and to hard to change or add time when to have them come on and off. Need better setup instructions.
It is fun when it worked. Wemo had an update, running update for two days now. Can't do anything now.
App works well. Sometimes the switches are buggy about connecting to network or updating firmware.
Doesn't always detect all the devices and the firmware updates never finish.
hard to connect...not reliable
App works great on my Galaxy s7, love having multiple rules for each device.
The app works on my iPad but not my pixel 2 XL.
The rules don't work!!!
App works very well when you read the instructions, apparently many do not...
Good all except for thee netcam which does NOT work on Galaxy S. Fine on iPhone & iPad.
Easy setup with Wemo plugs. Easy control on WIFI at home or away. Also on cellular network. Clean interface and intuitive app.
Has a few bugs and glitches but overall is pretty good.
Horrid software and customer support
Great app, if the Google Home app was as good, more people would be happy I'm sure.
Configure does not work
WEMO app works great. The ability house Alexa and voice command make it even better.
Bit glitchy and slow at times
Stopped working on lg v20
Does not work as advertised
Rules do not work
Firmware upgrades fail repeatedly
Controls for times are very unfriendly
If u ever change ur internet, forget about then reconnecting
Absolute waste of time and money
Little bit complicated to load
Stinks as does service from Philippines
Product does not work
There's no way to login to IFTTT using my Google account.
No longer functional The app on apple works why not Android
Finally got someone in support who knew what she was doing... Restored some confidence in the WeMo devices.
It work but tell update every time cant use is so have to wait on it take time :/
So far app has been easy to use. Setup new plugs and switches takes minutes.
I am tech savvy. Once I figured out the rule variations then it was easy. Works as I expected.
The app isn't always right. Sometimes the lights are off when it says they're on.
App will not con ect to wifi no matter what n
The wemo switches keep showing can not find switch
I can't get it to connect two WeMo to my device and I haven't even begun to try Alexa
Good app, does what I need... updates take a long time
Absolutely garbage. Barely works
Setup was a little fustrating but all fuctions great now.
Setup could be more simple (intuitive). But operations are durable and easy. I recommend it to friends.
So far I love it so much I have six. Let's check back in six months
It is fun and we ate going on a trip so I set a timer and it worked well.
Thankfully has improved significantly since I last tried using my Insight switches.
Good except upgrades fail and makes it difficult to control the lights.
wemo light switch is no longer working and is hard to reset
Great app. Wish there was a high-low switch available to run our attic fan.
Followed poor manual and nerve got the switch appeared the app.
The app is easy to use, but the wemo device was tricky to pair with the app, device, and wifi
Does what it says, and works well. Convenient home light control from my mobile, any time, any place.
If you can't get the device to appear in the app, you are SOL.
App works great ,have all Insights and one light switch. Insights have lots of good information.
Don't waste your time with this piece ofshit
Would not connect to my wifi router. Returned in about 5 seconds.
Lights lose connection.
Would be a 5 if it didn't drop connection so much.
Helps to keep my 30 yo garage door alive.
Easy to set up. Camera notifications are a little flaky, but still work decently
Spent the last day and a half to fix! So over this! Moving all my plugs to Smart Home!
Very buggy! Have to refresh the app to get the switches in sync!
Buggy and a pain to use.
Good, but NOT great. Could be improved
The device is fine, the app is very faulty . Needs to be updated.
Horrible app. Slow. Unresponsive.
Very slow and clumsy.
Although I like the flexibility, the programming is not intuitive.
Use it to operate outside lights for two years now. Just keeps on working. Great product.
NOT user friendly.
Meets my expectations of what I was looking for in a wireless device.
Does not seem to connect to my Google WiFi
Rules don't always work properly, but integrates well with Google Home.
Set up one device, will not set up another.
Love being able to control on late nights and coming home to lights being on.
Almost never detects the Swich very poor app
Frozen in firmware update for 2 days absolute PoS.
Can't add a 2nd device. Betamax of wireless control devices.
When you turn the light on manually often you can't access it thru the app to turn it off.
I don't have to get up to turn the lights off!!
I am happy to use with Wemo and I will let my friends know, thanks.
The app won't connect to the switch. Taking it back to Lowes.
Works fine when it can connect. But trying to make any change can stop it from working completely.
This product does what it's supposed to do very well.
Enjoying the ability to control lights and other devices in the home was wemo. The scheduler is awesome
It is too hard to change the Wi-Fi setting
Did not accept the time change. Does not seem to be a fix.
Had no problems with my remote controlled switch which saves me a lot of time.
Can not connect, please check WiFi password.
I love this app. Must have for new mom's. I also like that it is compatible with Amazon Alexa.
Great app for a great product. Just wish the auto-settings would be more flexible.
Easy to set up, easy to use with Google home, and have been working perfectly!
When it works it's awesome...pray that you never have to change your network's name.
Super easy to set up, and works great. I can program schedules remotely.
Scheduling doesn't make a difference because this product doesn't adhere to it.
Works perfectly. It's been great for turning the AC on before I get home.
Fixed Pixel issues. Now much better.
It's been working great for about 6 months now. Easy set up and use.
Wish I had never received this as a gift
Have 7 all connected to Alexa does what it is supposed to do . I Enjoy this product
Which it was voice control with with my google home
I would like for the updates too be more accurate. Other than that,I love the Wemo.
Suddenly not working after 2 years
Keeps updating and loses conexion with Google home
Was work great till the last update. Now it won't run on my phone.
Cant seem to find wemo devices that are on line.
Had trouble in the beginning, it works better now.
It doesn't do the one thing it says it does... turn on my light at a specific time
Hardware is ok, but the app commands are a mystery.
Awesome device, it keeps my inside irrigation system working while on vacation.
I love this app and all of the functions.
Previously worked but now can't disable or make changes rules stick.
Good example of a product that is way over marketed. Does not live up to expectations.
Yep. Easy setup. Just works as one would expect. Nice to control heaters and lights when away.
Use mini to control dawn-dusk lughting.
I use WEMO to start brewing coffee right away in the morning. I love it!
Can't delete a device that isn't responding. Doesn't connect to Google home.
Does not update. Will look for other devices.
Neat profile. Easy set up. Automation simplifies so much in my life
Another convenience I didn't know I needed.
This is a very buggy app. It's the least reliable smartphone app that I have
Setup either works or doesn't. It's up to the gods.
Takes a bit to long to find devices!
By far the best thing in a long time.
Initial connection required 3 resets
So far so good. Easy set up and easy connection to Google home.
Never connects to my light switch
Slowest IOT software I have
Works well once done with setup
Does what I want it to so far
Can't be installed if Lookout VPN is running.
Not connecting to Google home mini
Do not upgrade sysytem Worked well until the upgrade and now doesn't work at all.
So useful. I use it on schedule so my dog isnt alone in the dark.
The switch worked for 1 day
Poor minimal instructions, NO SUPPORT
Can't add new device on Android 9.
Can't figure out how to delete rules
Works great if you have arthritis.
Pretty good app, but from time to time gets freeze.
Literally took 7 minutes to set up and works great every time.
Flaky at best, have to reset the device often to get the app to pick it up...
It only works some of the time.
Why is this app keeping on updating daily?
I like that it works thru the Alexa app. It's also very convenient.
Does what it says! Point blank.
Always have issues with google home
I LOVE my Wemo plugs. I'm ordering light switches next!
Can't find Mini wemo app
It's garbage.
Pretty reliable, and quite easy to use once the initial setup is finished.
Regularly can't detect my switch and rules always fail to save.
the app is straightforward and delivers...the products could integrate better with 3rd party hubs
Awesome, I can start my plumbed in espresso machine from the road.
Brilliant for remote management of rural property. Especially water pumps and security lights.
Wemo devices work great but Android app doesn't work as well as it should!!!
Not intutive and descriptions are poor.
Nice to control things in home while away.
Easy to setup and works as expected. Have added multiple devices with no problem.
Works great for awhile but then ap cant find decises anymore
Useful app but I welcome performance bug improvements all the time
After 3 hours still can't connect, waste of time and money
I love my wemo! Works so well! Controls my food from out and about
Love it, no more leaving lights on when you get home late.
Fails to remain reliable switched to tplink. Love it.
Perfect for putting the lights on for our dogs and making it look like we are home
This product is not working!!!
Works 40% of the time gets 40% of the stars
Never had an issue with it. I like the option of enabling the rules when I leave town.
Love this app! Easy set up. Love on at dusk, off at dawn settings.
Easy to use app. Allows the switches to integrate without a hub. Great buy
It does what I need it to.
Some setup is not intutive.
Works well with Google Mini.
Doesn't shut off as programmed.
Its Okay. Works sometimes
It's a good little wifi capable outlet. I like it a lot.
Will not connect and locks up my phone. Plug and app suck.
Always works when you need it
Major upgrade from my dad's old school timers. Love it!
Will not update firmware
Works 90 percent of the time
This system as a whole sucks
Will be buying ore Thanks
Small learning curve to install and start using but after that it's great
Devices do not respond
Easy to setup and works well.
Very buggy not working
It does what its supposed to
Helps secure my home
Wil not cont to iffft
Impossible to set up
Very clunky interfere
Flakey and hangs constantly
Works great so far. Does exactly what it purports to, and what I need it to.
Scheduling app is clunky
Traah dont work
Very difficult setup
Difficult to connect devices
Great smart plug & app! Works well & stays connected to the internet.
It is bleeding for all
It sucks ..... it wont connect like its supposed to
Keeps failing to update
Very finicky to pair
impossible to reset dimmer
Firmware updates are no longer working...
Does what it claims, and is easy to use. Setup takes a bit of reading
Slow interface could be much faster
I use it to warm milk for my baby, and it,s working fine.
Does what it's supposed to do.
Let there be light, and there was.
Does what it is supposed to do.
Good app but slow to come on.
wemo app is superb, easy to use and works all the time.
Great when can't find remote control to turn things off.
Great app and devices, I have the wemo wall switch.
Unreliable in the extreme.
Works about half of the time.
Even though on strong wifi many times devices are not detected
Like what I have been able to experience with the outlets so far
Simply junk... buggy as hell software.
The app is functional and does exactly what I need. Very good.
Great product. Very helpful to keep TV viewing under control.
Behaves as expected.
it's awesome just needs faster response time but it's really helpful
Crashes on launch.
The smart swithes rarely work. Constantly having to reset them them.
Works well with Alexa,
Nice app to help keep your home organized and controlled!
It won't setup
Occasionally buggy but usually great at controlling WeMo devices.
What's not to like
It turns my lamp on...and off
Unreliable, flaky
So far I like the concept. The App is simple to use.
So far, is just ok.
Had no problems so far. Might get a few more.
Not impressed.
Easiest and has always done what I needed. Thank you..
Setup was very easy once I understood the setup process.
This app works perfectly fine with my Insight smartplug.
Toooo buggy!!
Slow as balls.
Terribly slow.
The app does what it should...
I don't like it
Works very well.
Very easy to set up and use. Does what I want
Works as advertised
Works for me!
Works fine after pairing,maybe pairing with device can be improved
Way to glichy!
Not crashing, but the app couldn't find my device...
Doesn't work
Works everytime!
Works as promised!
Realy like it! I find it reliable and easy to use.
Fairly easy to set up once completed worked flawlessly
Can sometimes be quirky but when it works, all is great.
Easy to use and works every time, no glitches, no fuss.
Great replacement for the old timer I used on my lamps
Once you get pass the instructions the app works amazing
Needs usage graphing
Works most of the time
Works very well
Its nice to not have to get up to turn on fan etc....
I like it a lot
Ok ok app
Poor instruction set
Gets the job done
Turns on and of well with app
Wemo setup sucks
Hard to set up
Works just ok
Will get more
Rarely ever works
Wow this app sucks
So far so good, easy to use, clear and concise.
Doesn't let me access setting to make changes.
Used to be good. Software update not working now. Very poor.
My switch does everthing i bought it for without problems.
Integrates easily into Google Home IoT. Very nice.
Works extremely well. Great remote away from home
Couldn't have made it more complicated to set up
Works great and so easy to set up with Alexa.
Only allows one on/off event per day.
Great way to modernize my home built in 1951.
Excellent app, I can remotely control lights
Easy set up and very dependable so far.
So convenient, love the Wemo devices and this app!
Works as expected and works with Google Home no probs
What an awesome app thank you so much
I use it to switch a plug on and off and it does that fine
Easy to setup and reliable so after 2 weeks
Now I can turn lights on and off safely
Great app works very well with smart outlet
b'Very useful product and app. But the app is slower than a ??.'
Works great with Alexia, easy to install and access.
Works as described.
Simple solution to having an unreachable outlet.
Works as described.
Working great. Love integration with Google Assistant and Nest.
Works perfectly with NO after install problems!
Good app for information and utility voice controls!
Great fun to use know I use it with my alxea
Buggy as hell.
App is getting better. Power on and off is snappier
Very convenient, im going to buy more.
App works great. Having fun with it. Will get another.
Can't connect
Fantastic device. Works perfectly and is Alexa enabled
It works.... not anymore
No trouble setting it up and works great.
Makes it easy to set up assorted devices.
App is unstable at best
Very easy to set up and use! Love it!
wemo app works and is easy to set up.
Amazing app. Love the functionality of the app, great layout.
Works well.
Works well.
Worked well enough that I bought more.
It is more than I expected, I love it.
I like wemo. Its a good system
Simply awesome! Easy to install and use.
Works great with both our iPhone and Android
Works with my Alexa and my iPhone / Android. Love it.
Last update made this app worth downloading
Easy to setup and use with app or Amazon Echo
Great app, problem solving for sure!
It's ok. Needs better tools and instructions.
Love my WEMO for holiday lights!
Just installed...seems pretty cools...works well with Alexa
Love this tool. Very convenient. Easy to setup
Basic control. Tasker integration would be nice.
I used it for my Subway, and Love it.
Once you use it you will love this product
Works GREAT for what I need it for. Thank You.
Extreamly easy to install & use. Love it!
Works great for fan, lamp, and xmas tree
Absolutley what I was looking for and very affordable.
Very useful, works without errors.
No issues with our 3. Connects easily.
Really easy to use. Highly recommended
Love how I can be anywhere and use it.
Simple to set up and consistently works.
Good interface, does what its supposed to be
Works perfectly with my two switches.
Great way to control electric remotely.
It's amazing and truly does work
Very easy to use and works well.
Works great. Very stable. Love it so far.
Works exactly as I hoped it would.
Really comes in handy, I love it
Great addition to my IOT network.
It's right a great app perfect
Once you connect it works good.
love this app. easy to set up
Setup is easy. Works to perfection!
Is necessary for my safety at my apt.
What I want, easy interface.
I like it, its very helpful
Excellent App, it just works!
Unreliable at best
Works perfectly with my Insight devices
Light switch was easy to install and configure
buggy app ever have seen
It works well and is straightforward and simple
Easy set up to automate household
Handy not to run cables to a switch
Easy to use very comprehensive rules
Greater product and the app is pretty simple
Works great Love the convience!
b'It was super easy to use and fun\xe2\x9d\xa4??????????????????'
Works good so far!
Love WeMo! Especially with Alexa. :)
Works well
Works for me
Always upgrading
Not detected
Works well
I like it
Works well
I love my Wemo!
Works sometimes
Works well
Keeps disconnecting
Its sucks
Hard to setup
Does as expected
Wount updated
Easy to use & add other items.
Great app and equipment to go with it!!
Fine when it works which is only sometimes.
Works well and simple to connect.
App works great. Links to Alexa.
Excellent to setup on a new wifi.
b'I freaking love this app.\xe2\x9d\xa4'
Totally unreliable
Complete garbage
Fails to open
Disconnects frequently
Easy to connect and works well.
Worst app
Better than the others, thanks
Rules don't work properly
Terrible application
Frustrating software
Unreliable and spyware
Simple to use and very useful.
Underwhelming and slow
Hit or miss
Setup is awful
Not reliable
Clunky and awful
Unreliable connection
Very flakey
Hit or miss
Very useful app. Easy setup.
Stubborn upgrades
Always freeze
Easy to use. It works well.
Works great, consistently!
Easy to use, easy setup
I'm enjoying it so far.
Works well, easy to use.
Great product, easy to use
Easy setup, works well
Great app, works well
Great, most of the time!
The device is too big.
Good stuff, works well
So far it works perfectly !!!
It's all good poot
So far so good.. work expected..
Does not work consistently
WeMo support group is awesome
Needs more flexibility with rules
Very clever and easy to seup
I love it and it works well
Install has gotten easier
Awesome dimmer so far
So far so good
So far doing what was expected
Love everything so far
Timer setup works perfectly
Easy to use and it works great
Love it easy to use!
Works great. Love it!!
Does exactly what it says it does
App could be snappier on sgn8
Straight forward user friendly
Easy set up!
Works great with echo and without
So far so good
It's a decent application.
Nice product. Works as expected.
Amazing..works very well
Ditto, when it works, it's great.
Really easy, love it.
Great app. Easy to use.
Convenient and easy to use.
It's convenient when it works
Needs better instruction.
So far very good..
Easy to setup... works great
Love Wemo and Alexa.
So far it's fantastic
The setup was easy.
Apps works great.
Great, easy to use
Easy, no problems
It does it job...short & sweet..
It's very nice
Seamless with Alexa. Reliable.
Easy set-up
Very useful!
So convient!
Very easy to use :)
Very good!
Buggy
This is great!
Good product!
It great!!
Securily is great!
Life changer!
Great product!
Extremely convenient!
Easy to setup and use
Easy to setup and use
Nice and easy to work with
Love this app!!
I love wemo
Works almost flawless
Very handy device
Works great for me
Very efficient setup
Simple but reliable
Works just fine
Enjoy the full automation
Easy setup and edit
Makes lighting easy
Works perfectly!!
Simple and easy to understand
Love it works great
Big desires 2
Very useful app
Simple and easy to use
App is pretty good
Intermittent dependability
Super easy install...
Simple and it works.
Sucks
Sucks
Thanks
Like it
Ok
Yuk
unfreindly
Works
Gteat
Legit
Buggy
No
Sucks
Like it
Works perfectly.
Great device.
Love this app.
It's great.
Works easily.
IT'S AWESOME
Works great.
Great app.
b'So far so good.....??'
AMAZING!
Amazing!
Love it!
Love it!
Awesome!
Easy setup ...
Works great...
this is cool!!
Awesome!!!
Reliable now
Works great
Easy to use
Easy setup
Works perfectly
Best of the best
Super cool
Works great
Amazing app
Very handy
Works great
Works great
Works perfectly
Very handy
Easy setup
Ama zing
easy and effective
Easy to install
Works gr8
Worth the money
Excellent interface
Pretty Slick
Easy to use
Easy and works
Works great
Works great
Works great
Great product
I love it
No issues
Nice app
Very convenient
Great app
Great plug
Very useful
Needs work
Works great
Great app
Garbage
Waste
SUX
Pathetic
Junk
b'Love it ??'
Cool
Nice
Useful
Love it
Awesome
Love it
Good
Love it
Nice
Nice
Love it
Great
Cool
Love it
Love it
Cool
Awesome
Great
Awesome
Great
It works great when it is actually connected to your WiFi network. I moved and have reset it numerous times for it to keep remembering my old network. Setup the first time took an hour. It has been 2 hours this time and it still won't connect. I would not buy this product again due to the anguish it causes to set up a simple device. My Philips hue and Amazon Alexa devices were so simple a 4 year old could do it but this product is difficult for most adults. The only reason it gets 2 stars is because it actually works good if you can actually get it set up.
Once configured the several Smart Plugs and the app work well. I would like to rewrite the instruction manual for Wemo as they are not clear when setting up for the first time. 1. At initial plug in or reset connect your smartphone to the Wemo WiFi network. 2. Let the app ask you what home WiFi to connect to and provide the password. Finish It really is that simple. I've had the Wemo Smart Plugs in use for over a year and they do exactly what I bought them to do.
Year-old light switches didn't play well with newer dual band AC mesh router during initial set up. Had to revert back to using Wi-Fi from ISP issued gateway to complete set up. Once set up completed, switched back to mesh router and worked flawlessly. Definitely a tech's gadget. Have 6 wemos and planning to add more.
Easy to deal with. Do connect by wifi first. Even though it will say connection doesnt have internet. Once u do, then open app and follow instructions. Do not try to reconnect your home wifi until you use app the app will reconect your home wifi. Lot of people make this mistake including me. Love it! Better then bulbs!! I work my own led non smart off the switches easy and comandabale
I'd give it a 4 but the setup is a genuine pain in the ass. I recommend being patient and persistent during setup. That said, it's fine outside of that. Really quite useful, actually. They just need to improve setup and then do some good A/B testing and careful UX planning and they could have a 5 star app.
Edit: App will no longer work with wemo mini's since firmware update. Returning all 6 of them for full refund. Works great! Did the firmware update, which took awhile, but all is good. Running through Alexa as well. Those leaving bad reviews need to follow the easy instructions on setup. It's a no-brainer. Not everyone made it past third grade, I get it.
I am a grandfather who is supporting to college age kids and another child who comes to visit and play at our house quite frequently. With this many children running around the house lights and appliances are always left on. It is very convenient to have them turned off with WeMo. That way I can stay calm and relaxed and not have to shout at the kids.
b"Love the app but... There is no easy way to disable all Rules at once without going into each individual rule and disabling it one by one. This is the only annoying thing about this app. I wish I can select the ones I want to disable like you would deleting emails or moving email. Please fix this and then I'll give 5 ??"
Software is laggy on Pixel 2. Even my girlfriend's no name brand switch off Amazon is better than this. Unfortunately I got this as a gift and now I have to use it. Can't set up remote access, software times out or lags to hell. Just overall bad.
It works well. I love the the remote feature to beable to turn my lights on at home anytime. The app is easy to use. The software is poor. The first installment was challenging but when I changed router name and password the device continued too seek the old device. I finally stumbled upon how to deleted stored networks connection from my phone and again i could set it up fairly easy. Use advance options under network connections is where I found it.
Hate this app! It's slow and unresponsive on both of my phones. One of my switches is constantly dropping out (Echo has no issue controlling it!). If it weren't for Echo working with my switches so flawlessly, I would have to physically go to the switches to operate them! What's the point of a wifi enabled switch that doesn't work with the manufacturer's own app?!
Software has connectivity issues. When it's working I love it! Wemo can't seem to get the software to work so that the units stay connected. They will work great for a few months and then for a few months I'm resetting them every other day.
I've started buying these when they first came out and they were good. But now the software is so buggy constantly can't find devices devices don't respond rules give me all kinds of errors it's so worthless wish I could sell them all don't buy these devices
I love making my coffee the Wemo-way, the Wemo-way, the Wemo-way .... Sorry, I couldn't resist. Seriously, it works great for me. I start my coffee from my bed upstairs whenever I'm ready. It's hot and waiting when I get to the kitchen. Update: changed to two stars. App crashes every morning when I try to use it. I have to close it and reopen it. Usually the third try works.
Really disappointing that after all these years they still haven't got this app working properly. Buggy. Prone to locking up. Setup is needlessly painful and slow. The only thing less impressive than this app is the Wemo widget... and the response from tech support when I tried to get these issues resolved. Don't expect much from this app. Updated my review a year later. Still all the same problems. Still terrible reliability. Still drops off and loses the devices all the time. Google Home + IFTTT much more effective.
I bought two Wemo Mini smart plugs, and I'm having all kinds of trouble with them. Not sure if it's this app or the plugs. I set them up correctly and they work fine at first, but later when I try them Alexa says, "Sorry. Wemo is not responding."
Expensive. Unreliable remote access. Same problems as everyone else. Constantly dropping remote access connection. It's available on local network so not a router problem. I can get access remotely for a while then it goes undetected. I have wireless ip cams on same segment that work fine remotely. Very unhappy.
Android app is worse every day. Lags, won't connect, shows wrong state of device, syncs but doesn't respond. Fine if you rely on the rules set up but practically impossible to just turn on or off a light. Our Wemo devices work fine and so do the iPhone apps. This Android app needs major work.
Getting better.. But it's taken a long time to get this far. Editing existing rules can yield varying results. New addition of Sunrise/set +/- x minutes is long overdue and very welcome, although this option isn't present in all rules.
The plug with Google Assistant and Pixel 2 works perfectly. This app is pure garbage. Everything is beyond sluggish. Try to schedule and any time you choose an option or rename the device drops. Even if you use the default settings and hit save he can't find a device. They need to start from square one. Plugs are perfectly fine. Just use Google Assistant after you manage to get it set up.
It would be just fine if the app didn't constantly freeze. Whenever I want to view any rules it will get stuck loading. Most of the time when I go to edit them it will also freeze. Usually have to close the app multiple times to get anything done. The devices and everything work, besides the faulty app.
Took me 2 hours to set the device up. Didn't want to enable remote access. Then after I got it set up I added it to my Google home and it just constantly says that it's unavailable. This is a nightmare. Taking it back to the store tomorrow.
Very slow, glitchy and clunky interface, first it couldn't find my home wifi in one go, had to try back to refresh the wifi list, then connection to IFTTT is not allowed if google sign is used for IFTTT. Also keeps crashing. Plugs are decent of only the interface is made decent....
Worked well at first with Alexa app then started getting reports that the smart plug mini was unresponsive now to get it to work I have to reset the router or uninstall and reinstall the WeMo app or go through other convolutions. a real pain. it does work from the smartphone but I wanted voice control and I can't have it so I think the app is no good
This app is garbage. It works reliably enough with my Google Home so that's why it has 2 stars. Setup took 6 tries because the app kept stalling/freezing/ not responding. I can't even save my location to enable sunrise/sunset options because the app won't respond. I have a Google Pixel 2 XL.
Unfortunate mess of an app. Can't even type in webviews to login to other services. Some buttons work some don't. Rules don't work at all: you can't change the times on them. Just use a light switch and a simpler non IOT device. These suck.
Thank you for fixing the ssid issue. In the old app I could not connect to my devices locally. I have an ssid for wemo and another for my other devices. I couldn't use the wemo app unless connected to the same ssid. That's no longer the case. Also, my bedroom heater in the app says it's 122 degrees f in the room. The device shows 67 not 122.
Setup was a little confusing. App had difficulty finding my Wi-Fi. Also does not seem to support devices in different locations on different Wi-Fi networks. Might be possible but I couldn't make it work. Had to choose between setting up in vacation home or primary home.
App setup failed at every step but persisted. The furthest I get is greyed out icons for my motion+switch. If I connect direct to each device they show active but don't switch on off. Rubbish
A smart home app and product should just work and integrate into the home. The widget doesn't work reliably, and opening the app, waiting for it to connect and find the wemo connected products takes longer than the time it takes to just go to the physical switch and turn it off. Remote access is also unreliable and sometimes the schedule doesn't work either. It would be a great product if it would work without any problems.
Poor security. Anyone who connects to my Wi-Fi network can then control the devices when away from home. You have to manually reset each device one at a time to move it over to a new network.
The light switches work flawlessly but the Mini Plugins are a hit or miss. Sometimes they work, other times its offline until you restart the app. But the Minis are always sluggish to respond, especially with Amazon's Alexa.
So its been a few months now. Over that period of time I suspect Belkin has finally invested in some decent software developers, perhaps adopted Agile or Kanban :) The app is MUCH better, so much in fact I am going to go from 1 star to 4. My only worry, I see some local shops not offering Wemo devices anymore :(
Simply stopped working. I can still use voice control through Google home but the app simply won't work, says things are on that aren't and visa versa. Can't turn things on or off from the app or the associated widgets after the last update. Rendering hundreds of dollars of devices useless!!!!
Crashes on my all 3 Android devices. Widgets don't work most of the time, have to open the main app to get widgets to work about 80% of the time. Found the Samsung Smart home app worked better, but the Wee devices still vanash or had to be setup. I am sending everything Well back to Amazon... To unreliable... Hope Belkin will fix it, but I won't be getting them again.
Bought 2 WeMo LED's and Link and it is the worst purchase I ever made. Always dropping out from WiFi and even when Link is connected to WiFi still fails to be able to control bulbs. No support that makes sense, terrible app, crappy link and bulbs, always drops out, firmware updates always brick the device or do not work at all. Would not recommend at all, buy something else!
App is slow. I rename a light switch it shows as changed. Go into rules still shows the old name exit the app try again same thing happens. After several attempt and if I'm lucky the name change sticks
Great idea. Terrible execition. It should be a simple wifi connection but I have to go manually change all of my router settings and back door channels. Hue Phillips lights are the best way to go. No excuses from then about wifi interferences. Terrible. Not user friendly in the least. I will not but any more products from therm
The devices are great once you get them working. The set up process is terrible. I have set them up (I have 3) twice due to replacing wifi router. Connection is wonky and very frustrating.
Every time I open the app it recognizes my device, then as soon as I turn the device on or off, which it Does do, the app no longer recognizes the device. Also, when I select to update the firmware for the device and press "Accept and Install", the app freezes up and does NOT update the firmware. I have major plans for automating several circuits around the house and shop, but it looks like I'm going to end up with another brand of devices. Typical Belden!
Let me say that I never reviews for apps. Every single time I use this, a software update runs and just sits for hours. All devices say downloading. I have a Philips Hue Bridge with several smart lights and several TP-Lnk smart switches. No problems with them at all. The WeMo devices are the only ones that my Alexa and Google Home say is not responding. Very frustrating! Expected so much more from Belkin.
Good and very useful products but the Wemo app is an absolute nightmare. It practically doesn't work 90% of the times. As a result, thenwemo products become useless since the app doesn't work. The wemo app is been unreliable like this for years. Very disappointing.
Terrible, terrible app. Regularly freezes when switching tasks to do something simple like copying my wifi password from my password manager. Won't actually let me deploy firmware updates unless I toggle remote access on and off. Freezes when I try to access the "about" section to view device info. Freezes when setting up devices. Just an awful, awful mess.
It ok. The setup was a bit glitchy. I use it with google assistant. And it does work after the trial and error. I think it was more about the way my network is configured. But.. It seems to work pretty well after I got beyond that.
I'm Loving my WEMO's!. 6 plugs and 4 light switches and zero problems. I Do wish the app loaded faster but that's minor and could/should be addressed in a future update. I don't understand why some are giving it 1 Star and complaining that it's "difficult"...?...
I really wish I hadn't wasted my money on this totally unreliable system. No wonder JB and Bunnings dropped them. Buggy software and the lights run so hot you can smell the internal PCB cooking. Not good enough!
Improvements have been made since my original review. I think overall the stability of the app as improved at least with my experience. There are a few UX things that could be improved like when setting a time/day it's a little time consuming to have to constantly click up or down instead of the Android Default date selector. Apart from a few UX tweaks the app is usable and reliable
Why does this app have to rescan the network in the foreground? It should scan devices in the background and refresh the list, keeping the current list cached. It's also slow and feels heavy to use. The WeMo itself is awesome though.
I consider myself capable of understanding and setting up smart devices but this one has me more than frustrated. Setting timer functions is not explained well at all. It has slow response and continually is "unresponsive" Returning it to the store..looking for better options
I use a third party app to manage my devices just because this app is so slow and unreliable and ugly and pretty much the worst. I've invested hundreds into wemo, so I don't say that lightly. The devices are great, the software is abhorrent. Perhaps it better on iOS?
Not intuitive. It connected to Google home once and got disconnected later. Ever since I am not able to connect to Google home. I am using the Wemo app as a stand alone one.
I write a Tech Blog and have all kinds of Internet connected gadgets in our home and these by far can be very useful, however, they are very temperamental and often do not work when you need them to. Update 1/7/18 Still not much better than a few years ago. I be have several in our house and often have one or two that can't be detected. These still need a lot of work to be prime time players.
This review is for the crock pot. The wemo app will not connect to my wemo device. I have spent 3 hours between my daughter and myself. Stuck in a loop between losing wemo connection and finding WiFi connection. Update: I have the crock pot. 3rd time trying and the device never connects. It is now just an expensive crock pot.
Coming back after having the ball,for a year and it is even worse. Lastest update disabled everything. Cannot,use it at all. Have to use Google Home,to control the plugs because the WEMO app will not find anything. HORRIBLE!!!!! It is extremely unreliable which is typically not what I want for something that turns on the lights. Often, it will not be able to communicate with the switches - or it will say it is on when it is off and then lose the connection. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app every time I added a new switch. I followed the instructions carefully and my router is close to the switches, so it is not a connectivity problem. I have used other Smart plugs from a different manufacturer and never felt this frustration.
They updated the app and it no longer works with the app. I did get it to function by going thru the Alexa app and pairing it with it that way. You might have to set up the app, but then you can uninstall it after getting it to work with Alexa. Just do the same thing once inside the Alexa app to pair it under Smart Home. Still the app should work so that you can turn on the switch from anywhere in the world.
Very difficult to set up initially but worked fine. then got a new router/jetpack and never could get it reconnected. troubleshooting info not helpful. very disappointed in this product and app.
Love the idea, got the lights. Use them like an alarm clock to wake up early. The problem is that so often I go to use it and the link is "upgrading" so I can't turn it off to go to sleep, can't toggle it at all while it's upgrading. Update: if I could give it zero starts I would, fails to connect, won't update, troubleshooting is painful and support is not supportive. Won't be buying WeMo smart tech again
I have had wemo for a few years. I like them but it is not very stable. Every setup takes time. No easy to get them to connect to the WiFi. Once you do they work fine but they some times get disconnected from the router. I like the sunrise and sunset feature. Works very well.
Way too slow to open. The only reason to install the app is for the initial setup. I use Alexa to control all of my WeMo devices. The new updates have made the app unusable. . my devices are randomly "undetected" in the Wemo app, but I can tell alexa to control them. At this point, it is more reliable to control my devices via the alexa app than the wemo app. .
The app itself works well and set up is easy. However, the integration with Amazon echo is terrible. I love the voice control of the echo. Far too often and for no apparent reason, the echo cannot find or control the wemo devices. It's frustrating.
The rules-based system does not work. I keep getting errors when trying to set up new rules. Furthermore, the existing rules do not seem to activate properly for my devices. I am considering taking both of my wemos back and trying a different switch.
What a disaster. In less than 48hrs of setting this up the wemo switch is no longer deteted and I can't turn it on remotely from the app. I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times to no avail. The only thing that works is the timer. I can't figure out how to unpair the switch to try again either. Update 1/20/18: I was able to "restore" to get the switch to connect with the app. That work around no longer works. I am unable to update the firmware, becaise the app cannot find the switch. Do an app update and fix THOSE bugs!
I had problems connecting regularly, but realized it was my router. Upgraded my router and it (along with other devices in my house competing for bandwidth) has been much better. Loses a star for not being the most intuitive
Spent too much for it to only work half the time and tons of issues with IFTT and google home. Was going to purchase a lot of these, guess I better bite the bullet and buy the Phillips Hue instead.
Completely unreliable. While at home, app often shows all wemo minis as "off" yet some are obviously on. Often cannot control devices while away from home. Have reset, reinstalled etc all minis and app... Yet my wifi thermostat always works perfectly home and away...(thermostat is another brand)
This app is slow and is having the hardest time connecting to my crock pot consistently. It always says downloading in the app and won't let me do anything else too. Really frustrating.
Terrible software and devices all around. Took 10x tries to get the plug to connect and at that it's unreliable. The app can't seem to connect to iftt either, just sits there spinning. Awful software.
Easily the worst piece of software on my phone. Consistently forgets and loses connection to switches, so the wifi functionality doesn't even work after that happens. Upgrading firmware completely wrecks everything, now they're all broken stating "Download Failed" but it pops up saying all my switches are happy and upgraded, right before it loses connection to it and forgets it exists. The switch itself is fine, but holy mother of God this software is pitiful. It needs a multitude of enhancements and bug fixes. It's also a joke that 9 times out of 10 if there's no internet the switch itself doesn't work either. As if it needs internet to utilize the physical switch. Such a design flaw.
I downloaded the app and it wouldn't connect to my WI-FI. I uninstalled the app. I tried to install the app again and this time I was notified I didn't have enough memory. I deleted another app to make room, downloaded the WEMO app again and this time it connected to my WI-FI straight away. Very baffled. I will use the app for 2 weeks before I rate it again.
My experience with this software and 3 WeMo switches has occurred over the past 6 months. I am not successful setting up away rules that involve more than a single switch. The recent firmware upgrade resulted in the Android app not accurately recognizing the on/off state of all switches. The switches and software are effective in replacing conventional timers. Owning these products with the thought of confidently enhancing home security is a bit premature.
App is garbage. Disconnects from devices all the time making it very frustrating for setup and configuration. Will stick to TP-link for future. Do not recommend
Their connections are barely passable as working. Bought 2 days ago, immediately regret it, won't stay connected and I have an IT background and can't get it to stick
This is probably the most poorly coded app I have ever used. The app ruins the while line of wemo products, and is almost fraudulent for them to sell products that are reliant on this app.
Worst app and device, always seems to have a problem. Had it a week, reset it 4 times due to failure, now it will not work at all. Don't waste your money........
Worked perfect for the first 2 months and then for SOME unknown reason couldn't find wemo switches.. i would delete switches, reinstall and do the updates.. magically the switches started working again only to do some jedi mind trick on me and stopped working. Well I figured it out after 3 days of complete frustration.. If you change your Wi-Fi go Into settings and go to remote access. You will see your old Wi-Fi settings is still enable. Disable it and restart the wemo app and what do you know all your wemos pop up. You will then need to enable remote access again with your new Wi-Fi settings
App is VERY glitchy and most of the time it just spins searching for your devices. It will also constantly lose connection to your devices. I wouldn't buy more smart plugs from WeMo until they fix the app. Needs A LOT of work!
Setup is easily 10x slower than Philips hue. I had to go through the process multiple times before it could connect to my wifi. And it only supports 2.4 GHz, which is annoying. Now that I have it set up, the outlet becomes unreachable for several minutes at a time. The app itself is missing a lot of features compares to Hue, and is significantly less responsive.
The app is currently useless. The only way to get a 30 second connection is to force close and then reopen. It will works well with echo plus so that is currently the only reason I might keep the "smart plugs". The plugs are the best reviewed plugs however, it seems like Belkin paid a lot of money for great reviews of a slow and currently useless app.
Remote access is very unreliable which is the main purpose for me. I thought I had ghosts in my house. When in away I want to control my lights.. the app will say Not detected, then 10 min later shoes it on. Just unreliable. I am using android. I also bought my mother the switches and hers connected to Alex a thru an iPhone. She has no problem with voice command but we have not tried remote for fear of messing it up
Having a hard time linking wemo app 2 google home. Customer service was no help whatsoever. Not sure if the guy was a dumbass or was purposely being unhelpful. Only purchased wemo bulbs because they claimed they work with Google assistant. The whole experience turned out 2B a total letdown.
Last update has ruined it, it won't stay connected. Nothing has changed on my end. Has become very poor product, new update 2-6-2018, now icons on app not working, had to reprogram 3 of the five units. I have 5 tp links they put wemo to shame. Probably will request money back on all wemo products.
The app sucks again. One bulb never connects to the hub. One of my plugs doesn't show up in the list of devices. I tried resetting the hub and plug and re-paring but it didn't work. The app is super slow. 50% of the time I have to force close the app. The widgets hardly ever work. I'm about to get rid of the whole system.
Edit: the app works better on Nougat than Oreo. The app is ok. It crashes a lot and can't find the "smart" plug 2ft away or the router 8 ft away. It's also very slow when it needs to look for rules or anything else. This is just as bad as the tlink app for the smart plugs I want to replace bc they're too big and hog the whole outlet.
Simple to set up. Easy to use. I have had no negative issues. The light go on 15 minutes before sunrise and off at 9 pm, every night. Or, I can go in my phone and click it on or off, every time.
After buying four WeMo switches I changed to other brands. These are nightmarish to set up. After a year they still have not updated their instructions with critical basic information such as the fact that mobile data must be disabled and if it fails then you must uninstall the app and reinstall it. Moreover, it has some real connectivity issues. Expect to spend hours setting up each device whenever there is any change in your network.
I got this for Christmas(after asking for it) and was so excited!! This app is horrible!! It freezes constantly!! I tested it while I was home and I'm glad i did!! I turned the timer off on the app and it froze and locked up!! So i wasnt aure if it turned off or not!! What if I wasn't home...I'd be freaking out!! Just HORRIBLE!! Negates the reason for the purchase!!
Killing my battery even when not using it? This app is ranking in my top 5 things causing my battery drain? What is it doing mining for cryptocurrency? Having to uninstall the app.
Garbage app or garbage product? I can access my device maybe half the time. And I have the newest phone on the market.
Always problematic, you don't know from one day to the next if it is going to work properly. Tried to change the photos of what is plugged into Wemo and it reverts back to the original picture. Terrible product.
Down from 5 stars to 1 star, rules stopped working, creating a new rule just shows a spinner forever!! Wemo outlet won't auto turn off rule stopped working, dimmers keep showing up disabled or not reachable, one of the dimmer constantly shows upgrade failed!! Super disappointed!!
Good when it works. BUT at the first sign of any problem there is no support at all from Belkin. Now looking at alternative hardware - very important for my disabled wife that things work properly.
Just okay since there are some issues especially integrated with Alexa. Support is pretty useless other than pointing you to articles in their knowledge base. I have one device that started to become unresponsive and see from the community this has been an ongoing problem. I have 19 devices so I'm stuck without a do over with a different product which would be expensive.
Just not good. Have nothing but problems. Sometimes the outlets work...sometimes not. The light bulb is a joke. Half the time it doesn't work....doesn't show up on the Wemo app.
Constantly losing connection to the app. Setting up is painful because the network gets dropped while initializing. Then, changing networks is a separate massive hassle (had to forget all networks and reinstall the app before trying to reconnect and now I can't reinitialize remote access). Overall, extremely frustrating to use. If connecting switches was easier and the app performed as designed more consistently, then the experience wouldn't be so terrible.
It's very laggy, has difficulty finding my plugs and won't save settings. Have had to PHYSICALLY turn on/off plug multiple times already. What's the point then?
****Update**** Had to drop to 1 star because this application is so bad. I find myself having to reboot my phone just about every time I use the app in order to get the app to see all my switches. Terrible performance. Doesn't always detect devices. Also neither widget loads. Hardware is great , but this app is one of the worst Android apps I've seen in quite awhile.
Took 8 attempts to find the router, even though signal strength was very strong. Then, later when unplugged and plugged back in it couldn't reconnect to WiFi. App itself is also poorly written for many, many reasons.
App is unstable and crashes alot. Really slow to find connected devices. Every update causes problems (I.e can't find connected devices). Would not recommend this
This app works fine for me! It's responsive, works all the time (Wemo device problems don't have anything to do with the app) and it's simple and therefore intuitive. I currently only own four devices, but as I gain more I can see that it's simplicity will make a long list of Wemos easier to manage.
For the price of a switch, this app should be flawless. I don't want to have to clear the cache and reinstall the app every time I need to setup rules. After several attempts to fix the app via settings and reinstalls, it still doesn't work.
So far, so good. I have had the app for 2 days now and it works well. Set up was a little confusing because of the instructions, but managed it eventually.
Wemo UPnP implementation is non standard as of 2017-11-13. App is awkward and does not appear to have intrinsic flexibility. Connectivity very intermittent. App slow to establish a connection. Looses sync with the switch often.
Half of the time, it works great. When I set a schedule there are no issues. What drives me nuts is that the other half of the time, I go to turn my appliance on, it looks like its working, then the devices says not connected.
Flakey app. Flakey hardware. App doesn't prompt when firmware updates are available, even though they say it should. Devices refuse to stay reliably connected to wireless... Works maybe 70% of the time if that's all you need.
Wow. Rules are getting deleted. Devices I don't own show up on my app. Interface is cumbersome. Online support is very poor to where basic searches don't show any results.
Epic Fail Ware. WEMO is moving their flawed ware as fast as possible because in the end it will fail. Over a month of using WEMO app with an understanding of Wifi nuisances, and it is "throw in the garbage" technology. Sorry you bought it. I am.
Seriously, this app sucks big time. I've had wemo a couple if year's now. The apps/widget nerver works properly. There is always some issues and the app updates is like 4-5 times a week??? How is it possible? And on the app for iphone is even worst.
Keeps disconnecting from my Wi-Fi network, contacted tech support, asked me to the the same thing I've been doing for the last week, still not working. If you're thinking about purchasing WeMo, don't bother until they solve this problem.
Connection was easy and the app is easy too use. Connected to Alexa with some difficulty but got it working. Unfortunately the next day Alexa lost the connection. Wemo app still works, just not with Alexa. Trying to reinstall the skill but not working yet.
This is simply not working. Every time I try to go into the setting portion of the app it loads forever and never lets me check on the setting. While this is happening my slow cooker is not turning in and I keep getting this lost connection message. Are you kidding me?
I have 2 plugs and today I installed a light switch. The first time was a little confusing. Directions not the best but now that I know what to do it's easy. Tied it all to Alexa and having fun with it. Need a camera next. Wemo app works well.
Clumsy interface and not very reliable to control devices. I hope they put a ton more work into this in get it together.
Very poor. Wemo link DOES NOT connect to Alexa. Waste of time and money. Avoid and use another company for home automation.
Network error when connecting to Alexa. App freezes and has to restart in settings mode. Wish i went with tp link kasa cuz i know that works.
I kept hearing WEMO as most said good review videos. But for some reason, the minis like to loose connection, often... Kinda upsetting...
I started using the app about a year ago, to which it was completely unusable. It would crash, settings wouldn't push and it would frequently lose the device. Since the update to device and app last year, it is much better, however I still have problems where rules don't load properly or set properly and there's no indication (other than the wemo doesn't turn itself off when it should). At the end of the day, it's bette than it was but leaves much to be desired.
The schedule never works from day 1. I've to turn it on/off manually. And today the app can't even find the wemo device. Another wish is to be able to delete/remove old devices, which you can't do at the moment.
Awful app. Slow, hangs, crashes. Took way too many tries to connect smart plug minis. The hardware might be good but this software is unfinished and unusable. Returning the devices to Costco.
We couldn't get it to connect after an hour of trying and googling instructions to try to get it to work with my phone. Very disappointing. It's worthless to me.
Bought 3 of those with Google home and none od them currently work with Google home. The gentlemen on the phone at the support center was nice but useless. Wait for the update he said... waste of money
App continues to lock up and need restarting. Drops devices in the middle schedule setup. Cant see status of devices when not on home network. Needs work
Slow app; devices don't even work. I can't even turn it on or off without this thing just spins and timeout. A $2 extension cord or $3 timer work much better. This is pure junk.
Works even better now, continued great support considering it's an IoT device. A year ago: Does what it's supposed to do. Finicky at times, just keep trying...
When it works, it's great. Stopped working after moving the smart plug to a new outlet. Had to reset the hardware and uninstall / reinstall the app a few times before it would work again. Moving the item should not cause the app to stop working. Next time I'm going with TPLink.
I have a dimmer, switch, and 4 plugs. Half the time the app and Google Home can't find them, even though my router shows that they are connected. Have to reset or unplug/replug just to get them recognized. That doesn't even always work. And now, sometimes it shows two of the same plug while not showing another. Waste of money. Only good things are away mode and that they are synched when on timer, which are the only reasons it gets 2 stars.
Nearly impossible to reconnect when you change your router. Constant updates. Have 3, but not happy. I have another brand smart plugs, smart tvs, wifi thermostats, etc. that reconnect easily.
Hit or miss at best. Used on both iOS and Android with 7 plug units, two motion sensors, a light switch and a dimmer switch. Some devices work. Others drop off. Then they all work except the dimmer. Then they all disappear and the app goes to original setup screen awaiting g its first device. Horribly unreliable but a dream when they work. Use to maintain aquarium systems with auto feeders and outdoor lighting with sunrise/sunset. Wish I'd invested in a more reliable system.
Firmware update won't work, locks up... Had to reset, then worked. Occasionally buggy in timers, but LOVE the options on timers.
Buggy glitchy buggy glitchy buggy glitchy if I didn't say it enough times I have the original ones from Costco from 6 years ago maybe 5 years ago and they were a pain in the butt to set up after doing it 10 times it finally worked currently I have two of the newer models in one house and two in another house and the fourth one is not cooperating it's just buggy and glitchy. Thanks for nothing Belkin I have had great success with the Best Buy generic Insignia ones that were not buggy and we're not glitchy
Good when it works. Keeps dropping the connection with Google Home, which is happening way too often. I'd love to rate it higher if it was more dependable, kind of ruins the point otherwise...
Haven't tried much beyond manually turning on and off an outlet, but it's always worked great. I haven't had any of the problems that the other reviews mention. Setup was cake.
Unreliable. Keeps dropping the smart switches (says not detected) on a regular basis. Needs tons of work
Good application. So far no issues. It would be nice if they add dimmer to the app. Which can be used with this switch. There is another dimmer switch but I would say it's too over priced.
Could not connect. Tried all options. Very familiar with Opt devices including many Alexas. This device is either defective or needs more than a PhD. Stopped trying after 90 minutes.
Constantly loses connection. I have changed routers, changed configurations nothing I do seems to matter. Bought 10 switches and all of them fail connection at some point. Just now 3 went off line. Pain in the a$$ to try and reset. Turning off circuit breaker is a poor solution. I hardly ever leave reviews. positive or negative. This was worth the time to post because they are SOOO BAD!! Wasted a bunch of money on these!
BARELY works. I'm pretty tech savvy and even I spend way too much time trying to figure out why I lose connections constantly. Very poor product I don't recommend.
Devices do not stay connected. If anyone has a solution, let me know. Even after refresh, the lights don't show. Always asking me to unplug and plug back in the powered device.
The application is really not on par with Wink, I like wemo devices, I have practically every one, but when I got their LED lamps kit it was a frustrating setup, then I looked online, and it looked like many customers were having the same problem, they need to figure out a new way of linking their devices, Wink integration would be appreciated.
The app needs to have more programmable options such as a continuous on/off timer (5 on/10 off) from time x to time y. The app is too simple. The app crashes a lot.
It is not very quick to find my device. Sometimes I need to force quit the app in order for it to see my device. IFTTT seems to be able to turn it on and off just fine.
This is possibly the worst app I have ever used. When I first started it, there was NO indication that you had to go into your device's wifi settings and select the wemo device as your Wi-Fi. I had to go to the Belkin support site to find that out. The only thing the app would let me do was cycle through the "easy setup" instructions which didn't let you do anything. Now that I'm in, sometimes the app will let me do what I have just selected, and sometimes it just spins as if it's doing something until I hit the back button. Very very poor design, I don't think they tested At. All.
Garbage app. Never works. Always freezes. Never stays connected to devices. Never inputs and saves schedules. An 8 year old with 5 days of Android development practice could program a better smart home app.
Spent hours trying to set it up. Should be plug and play. It isn't. Multiple errors when connecting. Tried Android, iOS and 2 different routers. Followed the troubleshooting guides to the point. Gotta return it.
Devices are frequently not available. Updates to firmware fails quite often. I will not be purchasing any more Wemo devices. I currently own 4 of them. Setup was rather difficult and quirky.
Does not respond half the time. Displays link update failed with no way to correct. Go with different brand.
Fails to load rules page 80% of the time. App needs work but the devices work well
Set up can be painful. APP UI needs some work, but once Set up it's Great!
The most convoluted setup process ever. On top of that, the devices drop off WiFi 6' from the router. Avoid. Try TP-Link/Kasa - a near perfect product.
Only app that keeps coming up as using too much power. Uninstalling and returning Wemo plugs. Tired of this app killing my phone. And I don't even use the app. Only use Alexa to control outlets.
Not a robust app. I own 4 WeMo devices in two location. Nearly impossible to get them all working on the app
These things barley work. Here and there they pick up the signal. Sometimes they work and sometimes they dont. Pretty annoying
The app and device works well. The only thing missing from my perspective is more robust settings for geofencing and time-based actions. What's offered is fine for lighting, but I use my smart plugs for radiant heaters and need the ability to combine timers with geofencing and outside air temperature to perfect an automated solution.
My wemo devices on the menu keep showing up as disconnected only on 4g. Works great on my Wi-Fi. This is no good because I cant turn off and on while away from home.
It worked perfectly twice when I tested it before I left the house (both on wifi and cellular). When I actually went to turn it on a few hours later at work, suddenly there were issues. Could not connect to the wemo servers, could not detect the devices, or I could not change settings for the devices. I had to head home to manually turn on the slow cooker and even after doing that, the app did not see that it was on which connected to my wifi. When another person changed the settings to see if it worked, the app still did not update the status. The app is slow, there are next to no settings for it and I constantly have to force close it when it sits trying to load a page for 5+ minutes.
I've had my wemo switch for a few years now, and the app has improved and become more reliable over that time. The devices are relatively easy to setup and the app integrated nicely with other services like ifttt. The only downside is how reliant the switch is on Belkin's servers being available, as everything appears to be handled through them The other day, for example, my switch lost contact with the servers at the it was meant to switch off. This resulted in my heater being left on overnight instead of automatically switching off at a set time (the issue could have been my WiFi extender, my ISP, or Belkin's servers. I'm not sure which but using the servers rather than sending the signal locally introduces extra points of failure). Overall a good choice for home automation.
Originally worked fine but nothing but problems lately. Several tech support calls. It works for about 10 minutes then disconnects. Unplugged my Wemos. Returning them. Junk.
I previously rated this app 3 stars because I wished it had google now/Google assistant integration. Now that it does I asked for a few mini switches for Christmas to add to my one smart switch I already have. I got 3 mini switches for Christmas and they are useless. Not sure if it's the switches or the app, but I know it's not my wifi. They won't connect, can't even get through the set up, which is ironic because they make it sound so easy in the guide and joke about how simple the steps are. To be clear, the original switch I have works fine. The new mini switches, all three of them, are useless.
The app brings all my wemo devices together beautifully, but it can be a bit clunky and untesponsive at times. I like the ability to schedule the timers for all of my devices. However, the on / off capabilty that is only available for the away mode should be available for each device individual schedule as well regardless of the mode.
Impossible to set up. It doesn't connect to my Wi-Fi and it is sitting right next to my router. I've never had more problems with a product.
Super unreliable. Half the time it crashes when you try to turn lights off. Other times it crashes when adjusting rules. Even still it'll crash when you're not even using it - Lights occasionally don't come on at the times they're supposed to. So weird. I'm not sure how an app made by a major tech company could be so flawed. Also, the lights have been trying to update the firmware for the past 10 months. It constantly pops up and says there's an update, but it never actually works. Save yourself the money and buy different WiFi lights. I bet Phillips works great but I'm stuck with these terrible wemos. Hooray
Incredibly unresponsive app. It works eventually, but needs serious speed and responsiveness updates. The wemo devices are great, but ruined due to terrible software.
You'll be lucky if it works more than half the time. Avoid Belkin Wemo in general, terrible technology, wants your email address in the app just to manage your devices, and if you install fresh you can't manage existing devices without resetting one as the app provides no way to bypass initial setup.
Mr. Coffee WeMo smart coffee maker does not play well with Samsung Connect Home Pro. Even after following all setup instructions, I had to change SSID of an old router to match my current home network's SSID just to get the WeMo device to work on the network. WeMo needs to work on making setup simple and have a wider range of incompatibility.
Very buggy - lots of connectivity issues. Often times I can see my wemo devices via my router but the app cannot find them
Need to use fixed wifi channel. This is not stated in the instructions. This was an absurd install process. 0/10 would recommend.
Useless and does nothing. Will not connect to my WiFi, and yes I know my WiFi password. I'm going make one more attempt to connect the"smart switch" and if I am unable to connect back to the store for a refund.
Switches only work with Google assistant. Only reason I have the app is because I need it for Google. Sux big time.
Don't bother never works when you need it to! Rubbish. Go with Hive!
One of my essential apps for smart home. From time to time, the state (on or off) shown is incorrect, have to clear the cache and restart the program.
Works well while nearby the switch but problematic remotely. Shows connected to the network but unable to even turn the light on remotely consistently. Very spotty.
Oh, how I wish I could give this a zero! Still a 1. Pity! The more I use it, the worse it gets! 2 main questions: WHY do 3rd party apps work so much better than the Wemo app : AND WHY does it work better when you turn off local WiFi, and use 3/4G? Don't believe they are trying. Few problems setting up... But all good now. Has changed to pathetic. Bought some bulbs and now nothing is working. Pretty unreliable.... I really WANT to like it...
Sucks, hard to setup, very network invasive. If your network has zero security I bet it works great but has to be slow and it appears most of its functions are not related to Wi-Fi switch but network spying. I suspect this was coded in china or russia. Its going back to costco if i don't take them apart to see what they have in it.
Very convenient. A little irritating when Alexa or the app can't find the devices. All in all I would buy it again.
App is slow and/or unresponsive can't update firmware on device. My wifi in home is excellent so not sure why this app is so slow.
Has troubles connecting to my wifi. Somehow it just started working. Took about 40 minutes. Remote on and off and tested one on/off rule works fine.
Once it's set up, it works reliably, but the setup is unnecessarily manual. You have to manually disconnect your phone from WiFi and manually connect to the new device. Most other devices, Chromecast, for instance, do this automatically and reconnect to WiFi automatically when setup is complete.
Can't get any of the dimmers to work, tech support was a joke! No have levton switches and the work! Not saying better, but they work.
Bought two devices, couldn't download app. Once that was taken care of, I'd say these are great products. The setup takes a little getting used to, but once you've got the hang of it, they're great.
This app is honestly awful. I was so excited to set up my switches but it lacks basic functionality like logging out of your home network, keeps crashing, won't load, and will not allow me to connect to IFTTT
Software and hardware look good, just hiding deficiencies. Not good. Disappointed. Would not recommend.
I have just 1 UK plug from the company but will be hard pressed to buy and more smart home products from the them simply because of the app performance. The app works ok ish on my HTC 10 on Nougat but it's absolutely shocking on my pixel 2 on Oreo. It won't open any rules and very often won't control the plug I have. It won't exit by pressing the back button, I have to either force close or navigate away via the recent app button. Once I get rid of my HTC I will struggle to change anything if I want to.. Definitely the last product I'll buy unless there's a miraculous improvement in the functionality of the app
Used to work now doesn't after the last update. Disappointing
Resource hog. Uses 1% of my Note 8's battery per hour when running in the background so I have to make sure that I completely stop the app after each use. When opening you basically have to cross your fingers hoping that it will find all 4 of my attached devices which it rarely does. Even Alexa integration is hit or miss as you never know if a device will be found by Alexa. Definitely not a system that should be for sale to the general public as it isn't ready though based on how long it's been out there and how bad the app is I doubt it ever will be.
Mostly great... sometimes gets disconnected for unknown reasons, but I guess that's how things go with anything wireless.
The app gives you a link to parts that you can't order online. It does this after telling you you need to replace it. When I called for support it was just plain pathetic. No one had a clue what was going on. WeMo is good when it's working, but their support sucks so bad it makes the product worthless
Can't handle firmware upgrades without getting devices stuck in a "downloading" loop, can't enable remote access. Calling this system quarter-baked would be generous.
Update: with more use I found way more connections issues almost completely useless with Google home. Original review: Slow and lose connection ... I just purchased 2 dimmers and 2 plugs controlling with Google home is slow and the 4 doesn't work together at the same time that's if they stay connected... a few seconds delay is always there compared to my other 15 tp-link switches and plugs.. The interface is nice and I like the dimmers design but connection with the app and setting up is not acceptable... Hope they can solve and improve connectivity issues
Well my WeMo system work for a while until I changed internet WiFi companies and downhill from there had to fully reset it the long process of it all they could do a lot better on this to make it a little bit easier to reset up
It has gone out completely. WEMOs system was down for several hours. I've noticed that WEMOS takes a little more time to turn on or off in contrast to the other items I have connected to my Google Mini.
Good product but the app is pure trash. Clearly no effort put into making this work consistently. Was going to buy more products, but not if I have to deal with this.
This app totally sucks. It's so allow to respond you end up tapping the same icon several times only to have it finally go to the next page and then see your tap as something else. And I have"remote access" enabled but have no idea how to access the device remotely.
This App keeps getting worse and worse (most of the time it's not even able to detect the status of the switch, making the app non-functional), while 3rd party apps (like the one in LaMetric Time) perform perfectly. Belkin should be ashamed of themselves.
Syncs easily but pixel 2 operation is sketchy. It may be my phone but the app freezes a lot. When it's working it is great.
Lots of issues when trying to set up a schedule. It says that it can't find the device... even though it shows up in the list of devices.
App has always been buggy but now it completely refuses to open on my new Pixel 2. Not at all helpful!
Like alot say this is hit or miss. Lately been having alot of problems with connectivity and it's just getting ridiculous
With 1 device it worked perfect. Installing a 2nd device and it only controls them when on the same wifi network as the device, which defeats the purpose of remote management
This app is incredibly slow and prone to crashing. It switches WiFi networks without prompting. Have to dig for smart home integration option even though that's a primary use case.
For what this app is (a light switch), it is rather slow. A very basic "Wemo Lite" version would be nice.
Once it is set up properly, it's a really nice product, albeit slow to load and refresh. Setup was a pain, though, as it deleted my settings several times.
So inconsistent. Third party widgets work more consistently
It doesn't always work. My Bluetooth music completely renders it useless when listening to music, and the techs don't know why. And saving it deleting rules is impossible! It always says not connected.
This app is literally garbage. The developers must have barely tested their own work.
App needs a lot of work. Very inconsistent and buggy
**latest: new updates fixes a lot of issues. Refresh and response is much better- Horrible update, now I'm no longer able edit rules. Either that or after adding my new switch, the rules section within the app no longer works. It says looking for rules and doesn't move beyond that step.
Touchy, clunky and prone to problems during setup. Once you get it working, its fairly nice, reliable, and convenient.
The app is slow and it took several factory resets and clearing the app data and cache to get it to work. The concept is there but needs some attention to detail.
Doesn't work. App hangs all the time. I have to shut down the app almost 30 times just to get it to work. Makes all their smart items useless.
It's great when it works. But the devices get disconnected from the app all the time.
Garbage app indeed. Sluggish, super slow, infinite issues... Not worth the waste of time, money and headache
Horrible. After changing the WiFi password to my network, setting up the WeMo was worse then installing it for the first time.
Buggy as all get out. Really super annoying. Sitting at my kitchen table and the light on it is ON. The app says it's off. I click it, and on the app it toggles between on and off, but the light actually doesn't do a thing. It stays on. Have another plug that says the "upgrade failed"..but not every time I open the app. Only about 3/4's of the time. And yet when I look at the software version it says it's running, it's identical to all other plugs I have. Lately, I try to open the rules I've created, and it won't do that. When I do get them open, and try to create a new one, it'll come up with various errors and issues. One time it'll say "can't find device" I'm creating rule for. Another time, it simply won't save and goes off into lala land of a spinning wheel telling me it's saving. Additionally, sometime I can't even start to create a rule at all as it won't allow me to make any selections! Oddly, I can control things with my google home device...but otherwise, the app is terrible.
Thought these switch's were great until after a few months now I have nothing but problems. I get not detected, failed upgrade, and the app is nothing but problems.
Complete garbage. Mikep's app works better than this junk. It's a waste of space on your phone
what a waste of time and money. The frustrating connection issues simply are not worth the high price I paid for their dimmer. Extremely dissatisfied will be returning my dimmer
Slowest modern app I have ever used. Ridiculously frustrating.
Plugs work fine but since the firmware update whether they appear online in the app is pretty hit and miss. More miss than hit at the moment!
The devices are very good and I like them. However this app is poor, rules don't work as they should and the interface is poor. I think the android app is an afterthought, needs to improve.
"With the Wemo App, you can control all of your Wemo from anywhere in the world on your Android devices." That's a lie and FRAUD! I have had it installed on many different devices for several years and spent the HOURS to reset everything up after I recently changed my internet service. It is just simply TOTALLY unreliable! I have just TRIED to use it for the first time since changing. It worked fine from home on wi-fi and worked fine when I switched it off and used my mobile connection; until I was away that is! I got a stupid message that their "cloud server" had drifted off the first time I tried to use it. It never recovered. I had lights on that I could not control. To make a long story short; unless you are a couch potato wanting to avoid leaving the TV long enough to turn something on or off, DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK!
Constant connection issues via WeMo, Alexa and Google. Last time I ever buy a smart product from Belkin
Works like it's supposed to. Widgets not so much. Too much delay for a "quick" option. Need to be a little tech savvy to setup, but instructions are pretty clear. Just follow them...
Looks good but is a bit clunky to use. Setting up a schedule took a lot of scrolling. I'm much happier with the TP-Link interface.
App could be less complicated when setting schedules, but they do work well when set up. Widgets to turn on/off never stay connected.
Very slow and clunky. Good idea but the app sucks.
Horrible app, strangely difficult to setup most devices and absolutely laughable tecg support online. I have a transcript that I take out and laugh at every once in a while.
Terrible companion app for their products. The switches/outlets themselves may work just fine, but this horrendous application is keeping me from finding out. Both of my wemo devices needed updates, which took multiple hours and multiple times deleting the app, because the updates kept failing. Now, the devices will not stay liked to Google home, the sole reason of purchasing the wemo products.
Wemo plugs are highly unstable. Firmware updates are constant and often lose settings and fail to connect after update. Poor quality, poor design, bad softwate
The app initially worked great then 2. Weeks in it no longer would connect and after finally getting it set back up the app now is incredibly slow to react.
I have 4 wemo plug and i just install my new wemo switch for my front porch. It's great so far but when you update the firmware for every device. It takes a while and sometime it doesn't find the device. But all the device works pretty well. Now I'm just learning how to setup my front porch for the on and off setting. Rather than you guys did a good job on this products. Keep It up guys.
Meh... I'm not impressed.it works, it doesn't..., it works, it doesn't. I have smart devices in every room of the house, this is the worst one. Let's put it this way, I'm not buying another one.
Not always available or connected. Little if any updates to fix bugs.
As a software engineer, I'd be ashamed if this were my work. Unreliable. Slow. But because of the stupid way its designed, it's really the only option. Please reconsider using proprietary servers and switch to a username and password model.
It locks up when I try to schedule. It Does not properly integrate with Google Home. I'm really upset. This was a Christmas present.
This is ridiculous?!!! Connected to my home WiFi, I have control of my lamp, but it's not allowing me to establish remote access!!!!
This has to be the worst app I have ever used on any device. Complete garbage. This app is what is driving me to look at other options.
Pretty bad app design (I don't mean visually). It gets stuck too often, can't load certain screens, or just takes waaaay too long to update/load settings!
The app is a laggy mess. Can't reactivate more than one timer for a switch after turning multiple off. The setup process disconnects and reconnects without finalizing the setup of a switch causing you to have to redo it. Can't set one rule that turns on and off at multiple periods. It's terribly designed and slow. Lots of issues.
I can't say whether the problem is the app or the light switch device, but I have one that works in my living room but I've spent hours going from every plug in the house trying to set up a second one, and it cannot use the WEMO network to initiate setup. Well, it says it's 'connected, but no Internet access.' I'm done.
Update: Still awful. Unable to update firmware required to set a schedule. Followed the kludge of suggestions on their site...No avail.
The app is okay. I love the switch (product) but I'm disappointed that I can't connect to IFTTT. Hopefully there's a work around I can figure out.
Their devices are great, the app is not. For both iOS and Android, the app only ever shows my devices as being offline, even though I can always control them from Google Home and Alexa, or my Google Assistant. This is true no matter how often I reset my internet router, or reset the devices themselves. I've also tried static IP assignment, and this app still can never manage my devices.
App is terrible. But Alexa does control the device fine, once setup.
Works well about 70% of the time. The other 30% it is a little buggy or laggy. Had to run setup several times before it would actually work, and still no direct connection with Google Home without IFTTT.
It's too limited you need to have more or I should say the ability to more than just plug one unit into it there should be at least three plugs and example of being you might have three lamps in an area that you want to turn on and shut off all at the same time this way you'd have to have three different wemos
Waste of money and time they don't sync with echo dot any more for some reason big joke these plugs are a ripp off they work for a very short time like I said waste of my money
It's consistently inconsistent. I can have the lights turn on or it won't turn the lights on because it just isn't , frustrating.
Good when it works a mess when it doesn't. If you are trying to wipe and reset things prepare for a world of sadness.
This app needs some TLC. A lot of the time it does what it's supposed to but then it'll say my plugs are undetectable when my Amazon echo can control them and it just doesn't feel like it's had much attention in years! Also (and this is fairly irrelevant to this store) but where's the iPad/tablet version? It's 2018, people...a lot of people use tablets these days!!!
App don't install to SD card takes up too much room on phone storage the app does not not detect the wemo plugs and they are within 10 ft. Of phone waste of money and time big joke
Every thing you try to do takes an hour with this glitchy system. Sometimes I have to give up and try on a different day. I like the idea of these, but it never works right on the first try.
App constantly needs data cleared in order to not just hang whenever you try changing rules or looking at hardware info. Otherwise you just get a spinny cursor nonstop. It's been like this for 2 years across multiple devices and multiple homes with completely different hardware.
First time trying to turn on my crockpot while at work and the app keeps saying connection lost. What's the point of a wifi enabled device if I have to be there to check on it? Super disappointed.
Wemo products are garbage at setting up. Would not recommend. Buy other devices that actually connect
Easy setup. Turn lights on via cell phone connection through password protected WiFi. Will be purchasing more WEMO products. Have NEST video cams, so that I am able to see interior and exterior of residence during the evening and/or early morning. Love it.
Terrible. Either can't find things or wants to update the firmware ever God damn time. Useless. Doesn't want to connect to Google Home either.
The app does not perform as promised. It is impossible to modify the cook time schedule after it has been established and is in progress. The app shows that it has accepted the cook time modifications but the cooker stops at the original schedule time. Since the app does send a notification that it has turned the cooker off you can restart it with a new cook schedule.
Well I've done my review, your app sucks, it's always wanting to upgrade, downloading upgrading, then downloading again, then says something about link, seems I will have to download a third party app, one would think you would resolve the issues, considering the multitude of negative comments on the app.
Alexa integration is completely broken. Belkin says that it's due to a server upgrade and that it should be fixes, but there are quite a few unhappy customers in their forums complaining. Will most likely be returning the switches to Costco.
Wemo works okay with App, Sometimes it Gray's out the Icon to Turn Wemo on and off, And I have uninstalled and reinstalled App and Connection to Google Home, Tells me that Wemo is unavailable most of the time, Reset the Wifi Modem several times, WiFi Modem is located in Same room and is Connected to same Network, Unlinked and Linked several times to the Google Home, And even Reset the Google Home still having issues.
App is terrible. Slow and setup is not the smoothest. If Wi-Fi gets knocked down, reconnecting is a headache. Still haven't gotten it back up. Disappointed because when it was connected, plugs worked well with my Google home.
Couldn't pair wemo mini switch. Spent 3 hours messing with router, trying different devices, trying everything. Garbage product, garbage app.
A bit quirky of a setup but easy enough if you follow the directions (have to connect phones Wi-Fi directly to the switch first and then it takes care of itself). App seems simple and straight forward.
The app is slow and sluggish. Android users have a certain way to setup their Wemo in order to keep it from disconnecting. Mine will only let me setup 1 Wemo device and won't allow me to add more.
Very disappointed new customer... Extremely buggy and annoying setup process I couldn't make work. -Very difficult Setup -Glitchy App throughout -Difficult to figure out what's wrong if something is -Doesnt connect to other apps well -Doesnt stay connected to your WiFi reliably... This is extremely poor quality... It feels like it's broken or unfinished. I am a serious tech person and most of my friends refer to me as an expert for computer setup and such. I'm also not new to electrical wiring so this light switch should have been easy for a nerd like me... It's made for people like my parents to use... How bad can it be? Answer? Very. Bad. This is NOT EASY TO USE. NOT EASY TO SET UP. NOT BUYING ANOTHER TIL THE APP IS SERIOUSLY FIXED
I have issues with the hardware and software. I can't removed a device "mini plug" from the app. The light switch works about half the time. We still end up just getting up and manually controlling the light switch. So glad I just bought the plug and light switch. Already have the plug away.
I have the mini plug and it constantly loses the connection to the plug. Firmware upgrade keeps failing. Seems very unreliable.
App is very slow, takes an extremely long time to update switch if wifi network changes. Cannot update rules to have switch turn on and off device based on time. Very frustrating app.
Slow clunky and full of bugs, lack of support for lightbulbs via Google assistant is a massive oversight, wish I had have purchased something else instead.
This thing stalls every time you go to Save a Rule. It won't let you press Done 90% of the time after setting a Rule's Times then resets back to a default time when you're forced to press Back. Barely ever connects when I'm outside. It barely functions, I'm embarrassed for them
Really good, smart products. Disappointing that the app is so buggy.
The app is very slow and I can't get my crockpot to connect at all. Please update. It days my crockpot has lost connection and to check the lights but my crockpot is on and is connected to wifi. I try to set the timer and it just goes back to the main screen and does nothing. We've also been trying to connect to a Lexa but when I try to get the information off the app it just freezes. Very disappointed!
Most of the time it works only when i am at my house. Other than that it never works. What's the point of the app if it doesn't work? Also the widget is awful too. Never shows if the lights are on/off and doesn't turn them on/off.
The app needs a complete make over. Take a while to set up, adding rules is confusing and then crashes. Please fix! I'm using a pixel 2 xl why can't I update wifi password?
Once you learn to use airplane mode with the wifi setup of devices is no longer a nightmare. After that it seems more reliable to use cellular network instead of wifi. Firmware upgrades seem to help the devices. They would serve themselves and their customers well by updating the firmware at the factory. Previous review, still applies until you figure out work arounds: App is a giant collection of bugs and unrecoverable wizard steps so you start over from scratch every time there is a failure of any form. App requires phone reboot when it cannot connect to a device. Maybe their developers could learn more about timeouts, retries and, breadcrumbs. The hardware and app function well IF you can get everything setup end to end without a single glitch all the way through. Hopefully they will update it soon and I can get my monnies worth.
We use them for SmartThings, but the software is beyond buggy and slow. They haven't updated the firmware on the devices in almost a year!
I've been trying to connect my smartplugs for hours now. They repeatedly "connect" but won't appear as a connected device on the app. I've tried reconnecting and resetting the plugs as well as my phone. Nothing works.
Google Assistant voice control doesn't work after firmware update... Restarted all devices on network multiple times and still no luck. Og Google home, Google home mini, 3 wemo mini, og nest.
The system is horrible as I bought a WEMO Link with a lot of bulbs and no comparability with Google Home. System is very buggy and now that I don't use bulbs I cannot delete from my profile. Also looks like WEMO Link stopped working as it won't stay connected to I ternet to try and remove bulbs from profile. Not a good system and put your money into a system that works.
Complicated to setup had a plug that worked fine till they did a firmware upgrade that ruined my Wi-Fi connection now the plug won't work.iv reconnected it and still no dice.sucks find easier plugs
This stupid app is stuck in downloading for the update now my smart plug won't work way to go that's why I hate updating
The first week or two we used it my partner had connection issues with her iPhone. That app would sometimes not find the device or would find it and not turn on. When she told me it had happened I unplugged the Wemo and restarted it. It has worked most of the time for her since then. I have not experienced any negative issue on my android.
Wemos communication is terrible and their product does not work. There is a massive outage now that has lasted nearly a week and nothing from wemo. Try the other guys.
Trying to connect with IFTTT and when I log into IFTTT from Wemo it goes black! Even the cheap Sonuf connected easily.
Good app. Remote access to lights at home is nice. Away mode lets you set random light timers while you're away. Sometimes the switches don't respond or can't connect to the app, but in general the basic functions work well.
Doesn't seem to turn on/off always at set times. Doesn't work in multiple homes which is the main reason to put lights on timers for my situation. Lyric does multiple homes, why not Belkin/WEMO?
Used to work ok, but in the latest version, the app gets desynced with the wemo device if I ever use the actual button to turn on/off the power. I have to manually press the button on the device to match the power state the app thinks the device is in before it will work again with the app.
Keep crashing even after installing and uninstalling, no product support after the product has been out a few years don't buy anything WeMo/ Belkin
Seems like every couple weeks the away mode rules I set just disappear and I have to set it up all over again, pretty annoying.
Works well with timers and schedule, but is always delayed (&gt;30min) when connected to Nest for on/off triggers based on home/away states.
Useful. Easy to set up. The setup process is slow and clunky. Once set up the devices work reliably
Barely works, even though it's supposed to work with Google Assistant it doesn't allow you to set it up. Total waste of time.
Doesn't stay connected to the wifi and is so inconsistent that it's infuriating. Belkin please contact me if you want info on how to improve your app.
It seems slow due to app performance. User interface needs some improvement to move it ahead; everything on screen seems oversized and text seems awkward for some reason.
It's alright when it works. App locks up frequently or won't refresh or doesn't actually turn the switch on or off. After a couple tries it usually gets with the program.
Worst product ever. Followed all of the instructions to the letter, got all three switches working... for all of 48 hours. Now they want to play hide and go... never find again. So disappointing.
Worked for a week then it wasn't connected and no longer can complete the pairing process between the outlet and wifi. Not worth th frustration.
Recent updates have made my WeMo switches and plugs impossible to use, even after running through all troubleshooting steps. Look on Belkin forums and you'll see dozens of other customers who have had firmware for the wrong model pushed to their devices, which requires complete replacement. Of switches wired into my walls!
I have 2 dimmers and 2 switches. 2 of the products have a failed upgrade and they won't connect to Google Home. I have 3 TP Link products, no issues.
Love the product. Hate the app. Fortunately there are other control options.
Very good product. Helps when I come home and light is on. Reminds me of motel 6..lol
I tried at least 6+ times reset to remember dimmer switches , it Everytime configured properly and when I try to see devices there's no devices , my internet is working pretty good
The widget crashes literally (not figuratively) every time I use it. At least it usually flips the switch before crashing...
Keeps disconnecting from my Google home, which defeats the whole purpose of even using them. The app offers no help in troubleshooting.
Slow to respond, pre. Version was a lot better
App works well on my Galaxy S6, and after the new update for Alexa, I can now operate the Wemo device through Alexa, which makes everything even easier. Love it and would definitely recommend it to anyone in the market for smart outlets!!
App crashes constantly. Can't even set up my Wemo outlets so they can't even be used. Returned to store ASAP. On a pixel 2 xl.
Love the Wemo functionality. A few of my devices took a little bit to properly connect to WiFi, but once everything is connected they work great. I use the Google Assistant mainly to control them.
Wemo lights are fantastic! I just installed my 6th switch and can't wait to get the rest of the house converted. I chose Wemo products because of their compatibility with Amazon Alexa. These switches are life changing!
No longer dependable with Google Home. WEMO solution to service is to quit making some devices. Rated as 5 I'm the past. Now 3
This app won't even load it's own settings page much less turn on my Crock-Pot. A complete waste.
Buggy and terrible. Continually loses connection and remote will not stay enabled. Google home will turn it on or off once then say that it's not available. Worthless.
Been using 2 months. Have had 0 issues. Easy to set up and I like the Sunset and sunrise setting.
Setup and integration to Google is a pain. And changing wifi SSIDs shouldn't involve a reset. Half the time the devices appear offline
First wifi settings goes well. When I change different wifi it still searches for old one. Not usable.
Devices never respond when I open the app. I have to quit and restart it and hope to get lucky the second time. On a Pixel 2
You can't control the lights, it always says it is offline when the lights are online. I have to used my smarthing app to cut off the lights.
Once I found a trouble shooting video on YouTube it connected perfectly and the app and product does exactly what I'm looking for. A wifi controlled space heater for my weight room! I turn it on manually from my phone and set a rule for it to turn off by a certain time in case I forget when I'm done.
Very buggy. Often not available through Google home even when all my other smart lights are. I would not buy this again.
Wemo is terrible and they dont dtand by their products...they knew their products were terrible, planned to discontinue them and kept selling out their inventory....dont but it l..its junk
App no longer works with my Pixel 2. It appears to connect to my wemo switch, but won't reliably control it.
Way too many updates that take forever to install. App does not respond during long updates, which are about every other week.
App keeps losing devices and hangs when trying to setup. Has taken hours to reset and get 3 bulbs working!
The app is broken with IFTTT logins. The use was reported to WEMO over 6 months ago and they still haven't resolved it.
0 stars if I could. Painfully slow app that doesn't work with product. AND you have to submit email? Why?
This app is horrible. Tries to connect over and over. Devices disappear then come back. Trash. Edit: It just keeps getting worse. The app is sluggish and randomly resets every few minutes. Every time you try and turn on or off the switch it only works 50% of the time. Every time you activate the switch, it disappears and says unavailable. You have to restart the app to make it show again. I'm taking the hardware back to the store. This was a waste of my time and money.
Buggy app and hard to set up. App will randomly stop working and force close on a brand new Pixel 2.
Absolute rubbish instructions. No idea how to get plugs or motion sensor to work. Given up. Will probably resell the items. Waste of money!
Is this a joke? How long has this app been out? Spinners forever, blank screens, doesn't work. You're fired!
You can't set up two plugs to come on at different times. Also you can't set up and access plugs that are at different homes on the same mobile device.
You CANNOT control WeMo light bulbs via Google Home, the app is constantly asking to update the bulbs firmware and failing, even though they are the latest version. Randomly fails to find devices and only fixed by clearing the cache. When on a mobile network, the devices can't be found. If you have a mesh router, such as Google wifi you are also screwed as the app will constantly restart when the router end point changes.
It is the worst! I use this app everyday and I have to uninstall then reinstall whenever I want to use it. It constantly says that the device is on when it isn't.
Worked well until last update had the switches for some time fix the shutting down and inability to find the devices
It seems simple and convenient, but it just does not work. Hopefully there will be an update soon. My wemo can't find my home network even after I entered it manually.
I had to get my hubby the tech man to set it up for me but it is well worth it! Love turning on the lights from anywhere when we won't be home before it gets dark.
I found the app difficult to setup with my device. Once I got it going though it appears to work well.
This product should be pulled. What a garbage setup process. An hour and a half of connecting, trying to connect and saying can't can't. Pos.
Half the time it works... But the other half I am not sure what in the world it is doing. Does not integrate well with other products.
Inconsistent application. Sometimes my devices show as not detected in the app. Often experience no response when using certain options.
Not sure if its the app or wemo switch but does difficult to set up and does not connect to WiFi
I have wasted my evening on this pos app trying to get 2 of the 3 wemo plugs to work... I hate it
While the interfaces is simple and easy to use there are some major bugs with this product and can have unexplained glitches at times.
One of the buggiest apps on my phone. Any time I try to create rules the app crashes or locks up.
I'm using a tablet samsung s2 8" and the UI is not handling the dimensions of my screen correctly which makes some buttons unreachable or some texts. The UI is slow, i need to hit buttons many times, very unresponsive, it doesn't have icons for my devices connected to the plug such as tp-link does. At this moment hw and sw very disappointing i expected more from this brand. Considering to return my plugs
Had to reset password on my network. And now can't reestablish a connection to wemo . Tried for 2 days now. What a piece of junk.
Rubbish software for a terrible product. Have now dumped all Wemo kit due to a apauling customer attitude
Install was straightforward. Connected to wifi with no problem. This was our 2nd switch, still took a little time to set it for sunrise / sunset rule again like the 1st switch, but got it done. Would buy again.
Very immature smart switch. Difficult to setup. Falls offline often.
It works..., but every time you open the app, it asks for a firmware update for the wireless plug that always fails.
App seems to work well, the cloud service though is fairly unreliable with frequent downtime or slow responses.
This is a great product. At first, my phone settings made it appear to not function properly, but that was user error. I think most low reviews left here are from similar issues. I have been using this product for several days and it has allowed me to keep a server running while away. It doesn't have the same options for power costs like an EZ Killawatt P3, but that's not the main use for me. I need to keep my machines online and this plug has been perfect! Couple more days and it has paid itself off. Couldn't be happier with the WeMo Insight. If you're trying to keep a server or other computer running 24/7 while away, you can set alerts from your network monitor to your email, connect through IFTT and trigger the WeMo to reboot the computer any time they go offline. Obviously you'll have to configure the bios to automatically restart the computer when AC power comes back on. Thank you for this product. Keep up the good work!
Love it.. works well. The first time I was out of town I had a neighborh to look at my house to see if the lights were going on and off, as I used the app in a hotel. It worked.
It worked well for a while but now it's having problems and won't connect. Shouldn't have to reset it for it to work.
Terrible app and device. Moving over to Xiaomi devices! Bye Belkin!
Horrible app, setup sucks, not helpful at all. Control works ok once devices are set up
Worst software ever. Same concept as a Chromecast but that took 2 minutes to set up, not 2 hours.
Hardly ever works. I have to use the iPad app or third party apps to actually control the switch. Disgraceful.
Locks up constantly. Have to shut down and reopen. Can't set rules. I have a Moto Force 2
Not working. Can't get a simple off/on command to work although app "sees" the device. Taking it back.
I could not be more frustrated with the in app setup for the WeMo Switch. I have had to reset 4+ times and still can't get the device to show up in the App after successfully setting it up.
Greatly when it works, but mostly unreliable. Must constantly reconnect with WiFi despite short distance to router.
Can't change WiFi networks. Never get alerts when filter needs changing, nor when low water. Worthless....
This app doesn't work outside of my house. Only reason why I bought the crockpot!
Had this app for 10min and it has crashed 5 times and when it stays open pages don't load.
Bad app. Seems to get stuck in a loop (looking for rules) close app then sometimes rules appear etc...
It's just another example of an unnecessary convenience designed to gather and sell as much data about you as possible...it didn't cost $40 it actually cost you $500 in you data being sold all over the planet. Personally I'll go with a clapper if it's too hard to wire a light switch where I want it or use my body to perform tasks until it doesn't work anymore. Wemo why do you need access to my camera?? You are a @#!;:#@_!?! light switch!!!?? don't buy this if you care about your privacy or being taken advantage of...if you don't care... Good for you! Seriously!! Enjoy. Just be aware that it's ultimately a wireless spying lightswitch. And hey! I think ultimately it WILL probably add minutes to your life... unfortunately my roommate installed this stupid thing and here I sit in my living room with no lights on... So take this with a grain of salt but I don't think I said anything untrue. CLAP ON! CLAP OFF!! I HATE THIS DUMB THING. Seriously it would not be difficult to just make a functioning wireless light switch that is just a wireless lightswitch. With all the BS I had to go through to get the settings on my phone correct so this thing would work cannot be more hassle than it would be if they would just make an honest product.... definitely less.
Absolutely useless. Two smartplugs are now dumb paperweights.
I don't know if I am retarded but the setup is unbelievably hard and doesn't work whatsoever.
Rarely connects to device. Multiple attempts to reset and reconfigure fail. Utter waste of time. Going to return my device tomorrow.
Can't get my wemo to connect. Can set up a sunrise to sunset rule. Not user friendly at all.
Not able to connect to devices since update. Hit and miss whether commands get processed
Doesn't work well. Very slow to update and can't get it to connect with smart things like advertised.
Easy to set up but a little slow. It works great. I even see it connects to NEST, now I need to get one.
Awful, awful, awful! Constantly loses connection. App crashes 1 out of every time you use it.
Up grades are a pain now my devices are stuck in the film upgrade and no longer work
Most frustrating app ever. TPlink is a much easier and more reliable option.
This app is trash will not connect to WiFi even moved the device to room with the router
Connections are very inconsistent especially when linked with Google Home or Smarthings. Try other brands first.
Switches become not detected frequently, Setting up the switches through the app is painstaking.
WiFi setup is very unreliable and uninformative. The support materials and experience are poor even for an expert.
Changed routers. Devices never worked again, even though they did appear to the router.
The app does not work well at all. It often cannot find my device.
b"Very easy to set up and use! I love that Alexa can control my wemo lights and I also have a wemo plug on my sauna ??. It's ready by the time I get home!"
Doesn't work. Have 4 of them and the same connect disconnect issue keeps happening
Same as others hit & miss. Sometimes have to re set up a plug after an update
Errors and freezing at every step. It's hard to use and when you find what you're looking for it freezes.
It's OK and seems to work as advertised, however it annoyingly switches on and off randomly.
Never stays connected, doesn't work well with firewalls. Can't get remote network access to work.
Remote control didn't work most of the time. What's the point? Returning the product!
New API and needs quite a lot of work. Fun for some and a nightmare for others.
Buggy app. Does not detect connected devices for no reason after upgrade. No alternative app.
The app's super slow, and fails to connect to a wemo socket half of the times.
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. Disappointing! Not sure how it compared to other brands.
Slow for Android and take many attempts to re-sync when changing WIFI password.
The app is extremely slow. Gives poor instructions on how to setup and disconnects all the time.
Works 20% of the time. Not good after investing in all of their switches
Was great, then updates and firmware updates crashes it. Won't connect or stay connected.
App force closes during setup... This is a pretty disappointing experience so far.
Not easy to use or to set up New devices - lagging other smart home products
Absolutely the worst smart products out there, constantly having issues, with the smart plug mini and the dimmer, they will work 2 or threes fine then nothing but issues
Keeps losing setting and stops working. Have to reconfigure the device every few months.
Super buggy, so often the button will fail to turn off or on the lights
Difficult to work with and half the time it will not find the devices on my network
Usually works just fine. Sometimes slow to respond. Overall pretty good.
Although the app works, Google Home no longer able to turn on or off
New wemo mini has the same problems as the old model. Still a major pain.
Does not work after power outage. Must be reset. Hard to do when you're away.
I'm 71 and new things are hard to deal with found the WeMo quite easy to install once you follow the instructions I find it quite handy to use if I'm at home or I'm away
It's extremely slow and google home does not always see them
App is not responsive...doesn't locate it's on product on the wifi network. Semi plug shows inactive on its own app but responds to google assistant without issue.
I got 2 light bulbs as a gift. Some tech issues but overall I'm pleased. I like the timer feature and not coming home to a dark house.
Allways thought of Wemo as bulletproof until I found the "turn off a Rule & it won't turn back on". But that's a plus because they fixed it quick. Now its bulletproof again.
Terribly intermittent operation even after upgrading my entire home network
If you get it to work don't make the mistake of unplugging it... it will NEVER work again.
Away mode only works when I am actually home Total rubbish app...
Cappy instructions it is NOT intuitive on how to schedule on/off times...I gave up
Great when it works. I have several devices and most of the time not all devices are on line. At times none of the devices are available Don't recommend wemo. I will be testing other manufactures . definitely won't add mode wemo devices
The devices are great, but the app is terrible. Have to consistently restart it to get it to recognize devices.
Piece of junk, only works some of the time. Will never buy another.
The least stable and usable smart app for smart home devices that I've used. Perhaps the creators should get with Nest, ring, Etc, and make improvements.
I've had nothing but problems with my WeMo switch and plug.
Edit: BE WARNED..... These devices DO NOT play nice with Google Assistant.
Only one person can control switches, and slow to upload sometimes
Install has a major problem. It can't find any devices
1st smart plug was easy to install, 2nd one took a bit more patience but I love it, got them to go with my google mini, works perfectly
Like the convenience of the app & features. Occasionally, I have an issue connecting to the device to control. Overall happy though!
Google Home usually cannot find any of my devices.
It works great I love the fact I can have Google assistant turn my lights off and on even have diffent brands of plugs and I just tell Google to turn off the living room lights off. or turn on the love dungen lights.
Not compatible with google assistant. Please stop advertising. Works 10% of the time with it.
Very unstable...seems to crash a lot and isn't able to connect to my devices.
The link(s) seem unreliable and disconnect frequently. The app is slow.
Slow as hell. Never find my rules, at times even the switch..
Initial hesitation in set up but now works like a gem
Doesn't work well. Can't seem to turn my lights on/off remotely.
This is the most difficult device I have ever set up
Aweful product and app. Once running never use wemo app. Only use Alexa app
Having trouble updating firmware, app doesn't always work.
Works well with Alexa. Haven't tried it yet with Google Assistant
Great little app and let's me easily control our bedroom lamps remotely. I like how you can schedule the on/off function as well.
Buggy. Occasionally loses my rules. And it keeps telling me it wants to upgrade the firmware and then doesn't do it. Seriously Belkin!? It's not like you have another way to program this product.
This is failing to enable remote access, won't work with assistant.
Has to be the most unresponsive app in the world. Who did the testing? Hamsters?
Works some times. Setup take hours or a couple minutes some times. Very unstable.
Barely works half the time. Always shows the unit offline. Waste of money .
Can't get app to see either plug. Tried suggestions...no good.
Great product but does need some work. Sometimes it takes a day to catch up to programming command and to restore other devices in a multiple device environment.
It's more buggy than a bow legged swamp donkey.
Working, generally clunky, showing average insight readings wrong.
Sometimes isn't working well...lag and slow with my Google assistant..not good
Trying to set this up and having a very difficult time off to.
Never have had a single problem. Always works as described
What loser useless developer programmer designed this turd of an App
The actual remote device is fine but the app is hard to use and unintuitive.
It crashes every time i try to set it up. SCAM
Update 1/6)18:. Well the app now responds much better than it used to. It's no longer super slow and laggy in most operations. Not sure if this is due to an app update or some beefing up of their back-end server architecture, but whatever the case it makes it much more useable. But a MUCH bigger concern is there's some wonky security issues in how their system works. When turning on Remote Access for 2 brand new unopened smart plugs, which lets you control from outside your home WiFi network and use Alexa/Google Home, an iPhone not owned by me nor anyone I know (names Shawn's iPhone...I don't know any Shawn's) appeared with apparently full access. I could turn off the access but there is NO MECHANISM for actually removing the device from the list. So some dude named Shawn somehow is linked to my brand new "account". Then when setting up Google Home access for my 2 plugs, 2 OTHER uknown devices appeared for me to control (labeled TV and Balcony lights). As I only own 2 plugs this was a bit if a surprise Again, there is NO WAY to delete the devices, though you choose not to control them obviously. Mysterious control users and mysterious devices for me to control is actually a pretty scary situation. Does it mean my stuff is going to show up in someone else's account at some point. I'll never really know nor feel very confident with the way the security and accounts are set up (essentially with the current methodology there ALMOST NO real security). You end up with a mysterious account based partly on an email address you provided but there is ABSOLUTELY NO WAY to manage that phantom account online. Use at your own risk.
Setting up your wemo device with this is a lot more difficult than it should be
I crash and stupid rate me keeps popping up.
Great app, easy to use once you get the devices registered. A simple push of a button and your lights or devices are turned on or off.
App is fine. Switches don't work most of the time. HOW MANY TIMES MUST YOU UPDATE FIRMWARE???
I had a little trouble to turn off the wifi smart switch, but once I got through it, the process was a breeze.
Unreliable app seems to have many issues as well as the device
I spend so much time waiting for the app to load content or do just about anything. I only use it to set up new wemo devices and then forget about it.
Tried numerous times to get it to work with no luck.
Just bad. Kasa is easier if that says anything.
Smart switch not found, constantly dropping connection, basically unusable so far.
Should not have nagged me to rate it as it failed again
Works great and I wish I started using it sooner. Especially the schedule feature. Just wish i could set schedule by time zone for when i travel. Please expand features and capabilities!
Very slow UI, otherwise seems to work well.
Pretty confusing to set up. Hope improvements are made to the app.
Pain in the arse to setup - very slow a nd unreliable.
Hard to set up and then only works half the time. Easier to just get off of my lazy butt and turn the light off myself
I'm digging the wemo thang. Every now and then an appliance needs an update. Other than that cool.
Very slow. Lose connection and have to reset or reinstall often.
Unfortunatly no way to remove broken items from showing. Support takes forever to supposedly remove items from cloud, which doesnt stop them showing.
Unreliable. Devices/switches/plugs go unresponsive and not detected.
Mess to work with Google home. Get TPLink instead
The app is garbage. It never works when you want it to.
App crashes on opening. Samsung Galaxy s8+
Buggy and slow, buy something else than wemo
With change of wireless router the devices aren't detected. Annoying.
Outstanding functionality, couldn't be simpler to set up. Great for novice and pro home automators
This app is ok it needs work done on wifi enabling but it works on home wifi pretty well it is a little slow though
This app does what I need it to do - manually control my lights while out of the house, or set up automatic control while away on vacation.
Unreliable, won't work two times in a row. Worthless.
Rubbish app, times wrong. Need an on \of\timer button
Worked well for 2 weeks now doesn't work
Does not look so good on a large tablet.
Generally a really good set up but then for no reason just doesn't work. Support team are great and very quick in responding.
You need to improve directions for installation & trouble shooting.
Just doesn't work consistently. Supposed to make life easier, instead I have had to set it up every other day.
Works about half the time. Glitchy and unreliable. Feels poorly coded.
I love being able to turn the lights on from work and thats 40 miles away. While at work I also know if someone is in the house turning on off the lights.
I can still see 2 cameras on my Wemo app dashboard. I only own the smart switch. The cameras are labeled for someone else's home.
Hard to keep the connection to device. Very poor integration.
Interface is clunky. It feels like an app from 2010.
I am in the Miss camp. Setting this up was painful.
It's slow and very hard to setup, it sucks
Not working well on android O. Permissions issue?
Works as expected. Not like other providers.. love it.
The app is fairly functional but could use a UI refresh. Additionally the ability to be able to control devices in multiple locations needs to be added.
Absolutely without a doubt the most frustrating app and worst product I've ever thrown money away on. The WEMO Mini outlets I purchased 2 months ago REFUSE to connect to my wifi network even though the password is correct, my channel and wifi mode are both set to AUTO, and I do not use MAC filtering. I've done 4 factory resets on the outlets, yet it constantly tells me my password is incorrect despite all other devices connecting perfectly fine. I've even logged into my router and viewed the password. It's 12 characters long, no special characters like $ or anything, yet it constantly fails. I tried returning them but the store said I can't because it's been longer than 30 days. I have this issue of having to redo setup at least 2-3 times a month. I will never again buy another WEMO or Linksys product ever again and I suggest anyone who has recently purchased one return them before you end up like us. I've also tried calling WEMO Tech Support. I literally waited 24 minutes on hold to get someone, who then disconnected the call after 2 minutes while I describing the issue to him. Awful products.
Insights plug info shows cost in $ not  and doesn't allow me to enter my electricity rate. However the plug itself works well
Didn't even last a year before it couldn't connect to my Wi-Fi. For the cost I expected far more. Never but this brand.
Never works properly, setup is a baffling ordeal.
Had issues months back with connections but now is been working great, since i upgraded to a mesh network.
doesn't sync to Google home assistant easily
I really like wemo products. I think the app is a bit better on Apple. You just have to make sure you follow directions to a t.
Works, but not intuitive and is often slow
Devices are very unreliable. I wouldn't recommend.
Works off and on. Nightmare to setup as no instructions...
Force closes on my S8 as soon as i hit the icon. Was running fine till few days ago.
Still needs a lot of development. About time the bugs were fixed. Hopefully I can change times for my switch to turn on now.
Impossible to keep it working! Horrible product.
Compared to the tp link, hard to set up, looses connectivity, then reseting reminds me how it fails to setup. Go with tp link
The app frequently doesn't respond to navigation clicks and has problems connecting to WiFi without giving the ability to troubleshoot.
Unreliable, often displays incorrect info.
Works great!! I forgot to leave a light on last night while i was out...just jit the Wemo app and bam!! Lights on!!
8 devices, constantly dropping, frustrating product
We had ours for 5 months. Love it!! The app is easy to use. No problem with the switch. It works 100% of the time perfectly.
App is very slow and a little difficult to use
Works as advertised, just a bit slow.
app is really slow. interface is not intuitive.
Works well. Issues seeing the timer though.
Works 50% of the time. Not good
Dimmer constantly drops offline. I have a mini that works perfect that's plugged in right next to the dimmer. Avoid the dimmer at all costs....
The system works very well together. We set up to work different ways and works well for us on our smart phones. No problems.
Wifi setup can be tricky but once setup the dimmer switch responds nicely to Google Assist commands.
Slow to connect to the devices and difficult to use.
Products barely work and support is terrible.
Just doesn't work at all now.
Can't access the light bulbs on Pixel 2. Not working with Google home. Not sure what use they are to me anymore
Doesn't connect directly to Google home
Rubish app. It doesn't work
Schedule has never worked for me.
I have a lot of smart home tech and out of all of them this is the most reliable and trouble free I love my WEMO!
I'm not sure how this made it out of a design review. Took 40 min to set up 2 smart plugs
Setup could be simple, not connected to wifi on first attempt. Need to do lot of troubleshoot on initial setup.
Takes forever to load. Need to relaunch app multiple times just to set up one device or enter one rule.
Won't stay connected to network. Useless.
Couldnt access all day. High dollar crockpot that have to use old fashion manual way
It has its glitches, but I'm confident this app will only get better.
The two I have had for at least six months have worked great. Will be getting a couple more soon!
Does not work with Google Home?
It works great, programming didn't go as planned but once I got it up. Works awesome...
Not responsive enough (on dimmers )
It takes too long to load when opening. And...it doesn't allow me to connect with my Nest. The link doesn't open.
After the update, it's just crashed
I enjoy using Wemo. Easy set up. Takes a couple minutes but that's fine. Works great with my Google home.
Won't work...did worked previously
Does not work waste of time
Covenient home automation solution! Quality and reliability has improved. Enjoy the integration with the Amazon Echo (Alexa).
Garbage app with continual connection issues
Doesn't work half the time.
Faulty does not work as should be
Horribly buggy and unresponsive on Pixel 2
Keeps losing connection to Google home
The app is soooo slow and glitchy
Can not set up 2nd plug. Will not connect to Alexa. Thinking about taking it back for a refund!
Simple, works well, easy setup. I have had to remind to WiFi a few times, but not a deal breaker.
Installed the light and dimmer switches and setup the software in about 15 minutes. Works really well and the app functions are instant and seamless.
Buggy software and now the wemo motion doesn't detect motion in the app even though the light shows blue with motion
Easy to install. Works well with Alexa. Works along side with hue with no interference. It Handled my Christmas lights. Good app and hardware.
Great app and product. I hope yall add a feature to be able to turn crock pot on remotely when you want to.
Slow. Doesn't connect to the gadgets.
What happened to wemo insight? It's missing from the list of setup devices. Don't you support it anymore?
Nightmare to set up on android.
WeMo makes it so easy to power on and off appliances remotely. It works exactly as needed. Great product!
Never connected to the Wi-Fi
It does what it's supposed to do but it runs a little slowly. I use it with Google home.
Rule settings never work.
Unstable App. Not reliable
Setup is not very easy.
My Wi-Fi doesn't show up on the app....I've done all troubleshooting protocols and nothing works....
After setting up the device per the instructions, it would never work. Always getting "Not detected".
Had some issues setting up but wemo performing like it advertised.
Good app, wasn't completely intuitive, but once set up it works well.
I tell Alexa to turn off my Mini. The app's widget stays green.
Works well with Google home and with the app. Just follow the directions and I had no issues with internet hookups.
buttons are not even working after latest update, they are working with Google Hone only
Horrible setup.and doesn't work
Works good with the WeMo app, but won't work worth a darn with Google Assistant.
Constantly drains phones battery! Updates take forever.
Super hit or miss.
It's really bad on Android but works amazing on iOS.
App look&feel is fine but it can't get its devices' mac or ip address right
Horrible product. I hate it!!!
Non of 3 devices work non of them....!!!!
Doesn't always connect. This will be my last Wemo paper weight
Modern. Stylish. Wemo - app and plug alike, is actually quite stunning in and out of comparison to many others.
Needs to be more perfected keep losing connection
Constant problems detecting devices
I have one wemo mini that doesn't do any of the rules I have setup for it.
Connectivity with Google assistant is horrible
Not great. Freezes a lot.
Good enough but not intuitive
Cannot get it to work
50 50... if it did what it said it's supposed to 95% of the time I'd give it 5 stars.
Happy so far it works, now the hard part trying to integrate with my Google home.
App keeps on disconnecting from device while I try to make a schedule.
Randomly disconnected to all well devices
App and product is waste unreliable
Worked great until a firmware update today. Now the devices will not connect to Google home.
80% of the time, "Wemo isn't responding" from Alexa. Buy something that actually works.
app is flawed stay away
Did everything the slim directions said but no luck. Will be returning for a device that has better directions.
Usually works. Wish it did every time but hoping it will improve. Very easy 2 use.
Incredibly unreliable & extremely frustrating
It worked great as a timer when we went away on vacation.
NOT user friendly!
Occasionally doesn't respond to Alexa but works well in general.
It's what we were looking for works from any part of the world.
It disconnects frequently but when it does work it's great.
Very glitchy and inconsistent.
Upgrades are to frequent and don't complete, causing it not to work at times.
Never discovers device. No matter what troubleshooting attempts are made it just doesn't work.
Could not set up multiple devices. Poor instructions
Absolutely horrible setup.
Just ok having a hard time Connect me to Google
It just works, which is all you can really ask for.
b"I'm modify or create a new rule and the screen locks on the spinning wheel. ??????"
This update broke it.
Nothing but problems.
The buggiest, least user friendly app I have used for home automation.
Difficult to set up.
Worked first time out of the box. Be sure to download and open app. before turning the plug on.
It's grate and very helpful for people with kids that are forgetful.
Never keeps connection. Intregration with Amazon Echo is iffy at best.
It works okay but it will say that a device is on when it isn't.
This app is junk.
App doesn't work
Love the schedule and it made for a great switch where we didn't have one but needed one.
Lights randomly turn on and off. Two WeMo Minis
It hardly works, never connects when I when I want it to
Hangs...doesn't connect
Can't link to Alexa. App just spins and won't connect
Cannot pick up wemo switch at times.
Very buggy. Devices work half the time.
Not working with Alexa, and that's why I bought the product.
Barely ever connects to all wemo devices
Works well as described. I wish the customization can be more specific. Perhaps v2?
Rarely connects does not function as advertised
Just installed. Will be able to assess it's ability to function remotely @ a later date.
Doesn't connect after following setup instructions.
Devices will sometimes disconnect when not on the same wifi network and rules will act weird.
One of the best things since we were married, handy to have
Buggiest app I've seen in a long while
Can't have two locations on the same app
It works very well and it works with Amazon's Alexa.
It works, but has limited functions. Overall amazing technology
Good. Disconnects a lot, but still very handy
It keeps loosing the Wi-Fi connection.
It always looses connection to the internet.
Can't get it to connect to second plug
This application can't Connect to wink
I am not about to connect to the outlet.
Awesome app. Took a little time to learn, but works flawlessly!
Unreliable. Slow. Buggs
Works well just getting use to it
wemo not working with pixel 2
Won't let me configure my device.
Switches will again and again not connect.
Just getting started with this app & hardware. So far it has been a good experience.
Works well for my intended uses.
Well devices disconnect too often and do not show up in the app.
Get ready to set it up again and again and again.
Does not detect my heater.
Doesn't work.
Finally something that works as described.
The set up was fast and simple just like we n Ed it too be ....
Great app, nyce features. Best one being one of the most simple apps.
Disconnects all the time
Use it daily. Works 90% I do love a smart house. Easy to use.
Can't even find Chicago...doesn't exist per Wemo
Still can't set-up my link
Buggy beyond belief
Used this to turn the chrimbo tree lights on and off via Alexa. Kids loved it.
This new version is even bug'ier
They wont leave me alone about writing a review so there i did it
Easy to use and responsive. Sometimes better than the Alexa I have it connected to.
Only works half of the time.
Works then doesn't, uninstall, reinstall, works then it doesn't
It relieves me of a lot stress
Wheels well with wemo devices
Works well with belkin devices
Set up is painful
Very unreliable on android
This is the absolute worst
Updates causing failures
Set up is impossible
Android app is slow
I'd like to see an easier way to link WeMo to Google home
Very frustrating app
Unable to link to iftt
Works real well, as expected.
Works great and is easy to use and I found it very easy to set up.
Rules need to be expanded, but everything else about the experience is great.
Love this, going total home automation. 9 installed so far.
Sometimes it doesn't connect.
Great concept but isn't reliable.
Very happy with the function. No more playing with my Christmas lights.
Can't get it to even see the network...
Hard to reconfig existing wemo switch D1B to connect to different wifi
Works inconsistently.
Awesome product I've had it for about 2 weeks and it's great!
Overly complicated.
Doesn't always respond
Difficult setup.
Had no problem with the set-up and using it was quite simple
Easy to setup and works. Tried home and could not even find it wemo a++++++
serious eifi isdues during setup. returning smart plug
Great devices glad my wife purchased them for me.
Works like magic.
Works and plays nice with other smart home devices from other makers.
It just works.
I like the functionality this far. I see a five star soon
Makes turning my fish tank light on and off easy!!
What a POS...back to amazon..don't waste your money.
Simple to use, works great and Alexa loves it too!
Does exactly what it should do, simply and without fuss.
Works great, very easy set up. Very easy installation.
Its pretty good. That's about all that I will say.
Very easy to set up works well so far
Won't work
Easy setup and wonderful to be able to control my lights and outlets
Works well with Alexa
It just works. Updates are easy. Device and software work perfectly.
Works some times
Easy install. Connected right away. Works great with Amazon Echo.
Can't get it to work and I'm pretty tech savvy
Spent a day trying to get this to work. Returning the smart plug.
Very hard to configure
Works every time
Works very well
Awesome! Super easy and makes life even better
Works well, simple to use, does what it's supposed to do.
I keep buying them, so I must like it!
Very helpful for allowing employees a way to let themselves in.
Easy install and very efficient!! Going to purchase a few more!
Works well and have had no problems with devices.
Great when it worked hard to reconnect to my Wi-Fi
Off line many times...
Can do pretty much anything you want.
Always works well. Customer service is superb!
Slowest. App. EVER
Does what it claims to do with a very reasonable learning curve
Great, makes turning lights on easy and convenient.
Work's well and communicates easily with Amazon Alexa.
Simple to use, and all devices sink with ease.
Works perfectly and ties right in with Google Home!
Once installed, easy to use...especially after it is paired with Alexa...
This is woderfull. Total control of my home any from home.
Have not had any problems! Love it
The best app ever! Well done
Excellent and easy to use. IFTT and Alexa support also.
EASY to install and simple to use AWESOME product .
Can't connect
Love it,easy set up and works well.
Works perfectly for me, using Google home
Outstanding easy install and setup. Works great
Great. Much more reliable than smartthings
Works well.
It s amazing i like it.make life easier
Easy set up. Easy to connect to a Google Home. Easy to schedule. Easy to use
Excellent app to make your home smart.
Very easy to use and works with Google mini
Great Happy with the ease of automation for my lights
Doesnt cut out too often!!
Easy to use once you get it setup
Works great but needs to open faster
It works.
Simple to use, reasonable price and it works.
It's okay
Easy setup. Works as advertised. Auto firmware updates. Loving it.
Excellent. Very easy to set-up and use.
Simple, useful and keeps getting better.
Completely unreliable
Great App & Devices !!! Easy To Use !!! Connectivity Very Fast !!! Reliability Is Amazing !!! Overall Just Great !!!
Sorry dimmer isn't respond with alexa......pissing me off
Easy setup, works great. I love it.
Doesn't seem to work with the pixel 2
Easy to use. Great for when we are away
The setup and use is very easy.
Have 2 switches. Work great for me.
Stable and feature rich, great app
Has been very intuitive to use.
Does what it's ment to do, never fails!!!
The set up was very easy,
Works great! Very happy with it.
Set up could be explained better
Good app and the devices are easy to setup
Had it for two works great with Alexa
Great product very reliable!
Great app with easy to use UI
Works Great No Problems at All
Once the programing took it works great
Very buggy
It ok
Used for lamps
Very buggy
Buggy as hell
Needs improvements
Never connects
Just starting. Working fine. Easy to use.
Works great with Alexia. I love it.
Easy to use and great function.
Works great. Easy to set up.
Pain to install
Never works
This is horrible
Connection issues
So buggy
always crashes
Sluggish and unclear
It stinks
Difficult to use
Clunky AF
Totally undependable
It worked with Google Home... Happy
Works good, lasts long.
Easy to use and set up.
Better than I thought.
Works well...need to fine tune
Great idea and easy to use
Loses connectivity everyday with Alexa
Exelent now with the latest upgrades
On of the easiest and work as it say
Works like a charm!
Constantly doing a firmware update
Great app so cool
Nice application good information
Brilliant app really luv it
It works perfect for me
The scheduling could be better
Easy to install works great
Works flawsly. Easy to program.
Works well. Nice and simple.
b'This app is great????'
It's a lot of fun
It's very helpful
No problems yet.
Easy to use!
Works great!
Works Great!
Nice devices!
Life changing!
So convenient!
its very good
Easy to setup and use
Love the ease of setup
Sucks
Horribleeeeeeeeee
Sloooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww
Works
Ok
it sucks
Works perfectly.
Good app.
Love, love, love
love it!!
Very convenient
Perfect for alexa
Very useful
Easy to use
Works great
Really convenient
Works fine
So kewl
Works reliably
Great piece
Good stuff
Very convenient
Works great
Poor at best
Works great
Works great
useless
Unreliable
Unreliable
Inconsistent
Terrible
Garbage
Horrible
Terrible
the worst
Nice.
Great
Excellent
Good
Great
Excellent
Amazing
Great
awesome
Great
Convenient
Awesome
Excellent
Awesome
Awesome
So far so good install wasn't easy compared to other smart devices tho. I'm not updating the app because like the old saying goes if ain't broken don't fix it !!! With other apps I've updated shyt just to do it and it broke stuff so never again haha
Very much hit or miss... May work -may not!
Pathetic device. Can't connect with wemo switch. The Chinese product sunoff is cheaper but works wonderfully.
Huge mess. Bulb updates fail, bulbs dissapear, and are non responsive. Do not buy
it was working fine until now that doesn't respond. I tried to hard reset and nothing idk what to do. I have wemo insight 360
instantly crashes on open, useless
Sucks.
Can't detect it's own devices! I do NOT recommend this product! Devices work great with Alexa. The only thing I can't do with Alexa is scheduled events. I'll trade that for flawless execution anytime.
I spent hours trying to install switches. Installed and disappeared from the list. Finally tried on my daughters iPhone. Installed 3 switches in 5 minutes. What is the deal with the android app? Still doesn't show any of them. I have an updated Samsung galaxy 8, not an ancient gadget. Wth?
Firmware broke my light switches. Again. Wemo sucks. Get tp link. More dependable.
Overdesigned. Should be more simple to use. One shouldn't have to go 4 screens deep into the app just to change a rule for a devise.
No advanced settings, just "could not connect to WiFi network please re-enter your password...."
Reconnecting plug is not as simple as instructions make it to be
Started out fine.. after some time some device switches don't work well.
Garbage devices
Not very reliable.
The rules are not applied, or mixed with other Wemo devices.
Poor connection capabilities. App is pathetic. Wish I didn't spend on 3 home light kits, switch and motion and insight switch and light switch for my home......better products out there for less.
After having for about 4 years, and, now here in August 2018 I'm trying to connect the damn thing to a new router...but effer wont attempt to connect, just flashes orange nonstop. I wish I could get my moment back cause this is useless. DONT BUY IF YOU HAVEN'T!!
App is not very intuitive. Programming is much more complex than it needs to be. Does work fine but the time involved to set up and make changes is too onerous. Hardware itself leaves little to be desired. Looks good, easy to install and performs very well. Just got another switch and the entire system has failed. After one day of trying to fix still no success. It's not looking good!
Updates are the slowest. Lack of understanding of what it's doing. Poorest user interface. Will drive you mad. Worst tech I have ever bought and I'm a Belkin fan.
What can I say? It's just another Belkin disaster.
Piece of garbage.mediocre products across the entire Belkin brand. Light switches are no exception.