Alexa will be better when all the skills are auto enabled. Each skill should have a casual wake up sentence. For example, if I want Alexa to search a recipe, she cannot do! I should tell the skill's name and exact command of the skill to perform the required action. As an average human, I cannot remember more that 10 specific messages of the skills!
b"Works okay most of the time but I don't know whether its due to an update or not but now I can't activate any smart home skills! As I authorize the skill either on a web browser or on my mobile it just returns to the main Alexa screen and the skill isn't active! I have previously connected Lifx successfully but I unlinked the Lifx skill and relinked it to test whether it was other skills that were the problem and not the Alexa app. Now I can't activate the Lifx skill anymore! So its defiantly the Alexa app ??"
After the latest updated completely messed up the application! Now I have duplicates of all my smart home devices. Most of my devices are not showing up in my drop in list. They seriously went in the wrong direction.  Went from an app that was actually working at one point two totally useless. I hope they get their stuff together redesign it so you can actually use it!
Incredibly slow, I assume it goes back to Amazon's servers for EVERY little thing.  This app really hurts my perception of my Echo and Tap which are likewise really slow for what I assume is the same reason.  Why on earth can't the app talk directly to the device sitting 3 feet away on the same WiFi &amp; Bluetooth networks? Also, NO, I'm not giving it access to my contacts, no matter how much it nags me.  Wish I didn't have the app, the Echo, or the Tap.
This app works very well with both of my Echos. I use it constantly, but I just wish for 2 things...  1) I could set the home page to be what I want instead of it going immediately to conversations. I don't drop in on my friends, we text.  2) I wish there were widgets that went along with it, for example, I wish I put a shortcut to my shopping list on my home page.
I hate this app. If you want to use your amazon music account it takes you to a cut down interface of the regular amazon music app that's unnecessarily difficult to navigate.  The app is slow to load and somewhat buggy on my phone.  I literally canceled my Amazon music unlimited subscription and picked up a spotify subscription, since spotify lets you continue streaming on echo/desktop/etc. This way i can avoid this app almost entirely.  Don't get me wrong i love Amazon products and Amazon echo but i just can't stand this app.
Now that Alexa is set up I love her.  ?? I'm still learning all the things I can ask Alexa to help me with. And sometimes I'm surprised by what she cannot help with. Like "Turkey Planner..." after just reading that's a skill she has...? But overall she great.
This app sucks. Very minimal and outdated interface. Music Player has very basic functions. Multiple files selection not available. My device has become more of a toy than a functional interface. Also Amazon India has disabled product review for Amazon Echo devices on Amazon India product page. What a shame for a company that's advertising heavily to trust it for any purchase.
Waste of time.  Old version used to be able to control volume on echo remotely from phone... They took all function out of the app.  Now you can start a song but not stop or control it from phone.. if I want to control volume in different room I used to be able to in old version.  This one is simply terrible.
This app is so bad that the for Echo dots I just purchased I had no choice but to return. They are finally available in Canada but I cannot get any of them to work. The app always says I need to change my country and to press next to change it then you press next and it just goes back to the homepage of the app. Try to add a smarthome device and constant error saying my country is incorrect and that I need to change it by pressing next which never works. I keep picking Canada as my region I press save and then it shows United States again and says my country needs to be set to Canada for it to work. I don't have enough time to waste with this.
They broke smart home capabilities with this update. I had to replace a light and now Alexa has it twice.  It did not forget devices anymore.  I disconnected, LIFX smartthings and harmony but Alexa still remembers everything and I have two of everything now.  So the economy is now useless to me. Give me back the ability to forget a device!
We're still far away from mastering this future tech. It works some times and even less with other "alexa enabled" devices. I had to buy a range extender just to use it in my bedroom, still debating if it was worth it. My latest issue is I cannot write a review for Alexa skills without it being blocked by my keyboard, and it always refreshes whenever I leave the app. I'm also having an issue with duplicate smarthome devices appearing and changing the names doesn't work at all. This thing is useless.
There are various problems that need working. Top most of which is that it doesn't recognise the song name even though it's available on Saavn. There should be a feature wherein I can directly play songs from Saavn (on my phone) on the speaker. I guess it's a linguistic problem but the speaker is pointless is I can't play songs on it that I want.
Was very slow and basic.  Only used it when Alexa disconnected from internet or maybe to add a skill. After Updating it last week I keep opening the app and all I get is a blank white screen and a message not optimized for your device. I have a new galaxy tab E. Every other app works flawlessly. No way to go to previous version of the app. Why would you send an update notification to a tablet it is not optimized for:( Still after all this time I get a blank white screen. And yes I restarted my device.
Its quite sloooow!! and looks dated. For some reason MIHome skill is disabled in India! But Yeelight Skill is enabled! I cannot control my Xiaomi Smart plug. Fire stick was launched long back India, yet Echo integration with Firestick is not available in India like in other countries?. Text editing in the alexa app is terrible, cannot select or move the cursor. When are you fixing these issues.
b'Downloaded the latest version (Nov 2017) the "call" &amp; "message"  still DOES NOT WORK ON TABLETS!!! (Galaxy Tab S2) Only phones (or tablets that are also a phone). The icons for setting it up and menu options for setting it it aren\'t even there on tablets! That\'s a RIP OFF AMAZON!!! And how about the fact we can add music to our library but can\'t remove it? Oh that\'s right, I need to have a paid subscription to Amazon music to remove it! ?? Come on Amazon, that\'s just WRONG. ---&amp;gt; Echo is great, the app is cr@p!!'
It amazed me that Amazon scraped by for years with a barely working, sorry excuse for an app, only now deciding it was time for a change. I was actually happy to see this reskin, hoping they'd finally addressed the horrible performance issues. I was optimistic, only to find out it's just that - a reskin. The app is still as slow and unresponsive than it ever was. Plus, Amazon shoehorned this stupid "calling" feature that I do not want my Echo to have, and I have no way to disable it or opt out. This app is garbage, and the Echo is slowly turning into a paperweight. Won't be long until I give up on it altogether.
Slowest, buggiest app I have EVER used. I'm honestly shocked that Amazon would put it's name on such a horrible product. It disconnects constantly, you can't assign music playlists to routines, you can't set alarms through the app, and did I mention it disconnects CONSTANTLY?!
Before the update this was intuitive and easy to navigate, a real joy to use.   After the update it's a pain to work with and so sloooow to start up and to top it off some of the skills don't work anymore.  The Smart home shows devices multiple times, disabling the skills for the bridges does nothing to remove them. Even uninstalled and reinstalled the app does nothing to remove them. Some groups do not work no matter if you include the duplicate devices.   I dread going into the app now well done Amazon NOT!
English CA language not supported? Awful, keep getting an error message saying that English CA is not supported, I switched to US still an issue... C'mon guys, get this right.  I have a 2nd generation Echo Dot
You have removed multiple options for the Indian Market, basic linking with Amazon devices is not enabled. I can't link echo to fire TV and that is a major disappointment. Where is the video skill option in the Alexa application, echo everytime asks me to choose the video provider but the does not seem to have this option for the Indian Market.  This such a disappointment.
I am extremely happy with the echoes, my rating is for the app, not the actual devices.  The app is very laggy.  At a minimum, you should be able to delete old smart devices from the list, not just disable them.  Also, you should be able to put an echo in more than one Multiroom Group.  IE:Livingroom Echo would be in the downstairs network but should also be allowed to be in the Whole House network.  It's very wishy washy on giving commands to lights and doesn't always work when I ask Alexa to play music on a Multiroom Group.  It will play on one of the echoes but not all of the ones assigned.  The app should be more capable of performing all of the possible tasks that the echo is programmed to do.
I love the my 2 dots and only like the echo plus. The smart home features need to be addressed. They come up short and you cant even delete a light that is dead. They are led not indestructable!!
Is this app a joke? The slowest thing ever... Moreover, it crashes. I use it just for connecting back to the Echo Dot and it requires to take a LOT of steps to get there. Ughhhh. I love Alexa but I hate Alexa app.
What have you done to Smart Skills Amazon? I can't add them anymore, just crashes out during the enable process when authorising the skill. You are selling smart devices on Amazon as Alexa certified but the app is useless. Can you you get the developers on the case and fix it and ask why a terrible update was released?!
Never works anymore after the last update, echo dot never works you ask it to play for instance simon and garfunkel it says add bread and eggs to your shopping  list or ask it what time it is and alexa replies call mom and dad ,its  constantly says "sorry your echo dot lost its connection" My internet and wifi is completely fine and works with everything else yet the app and the dot continue to Not work. Emailing Amazon is a waste they never reply in a timely fashion and when they do its refer to the alexa app in the help section . This app is a travesty.
This needs much improvements. I have few issues.. I don't know how to make my own Playlist and ask alexa to play it.. I did create in saavn. However it doesn't recognize. I tried to play song besabriyan it played something else. But I would like to see few things for eg in alarm section Alexa say by herself to get up.. Rather alarm tone and then play some music.. Second on routine it should add music section and most importantly to do list and reminders section... And some of my own  recorded notes to play for eg affirmations. Also I want something to be remembered by her not as reminder but as memory so that when every i say Alexa how much gms in one scoop.. It should answer it from the memory i gave her.. Only then I would call it a great tool..
Old layout was way better. I need to delete all of my hue lights and start from scratch but there's no select all button or even a way to delete them, there's only an option to temporarily disabled them and I have to do it one by one
Started out great...   Is nothing but trouble now.  Alexa no longer can control any of the smart plugs I have... (15 of 'em)  ...was working wonderfully for weeks...  But last week all the smartplugs became "unresponsive" (according to Alexa), disabling and re-enabling the skill has fixed this issue in the past, but no longer... Alexa can find them, but not control them... So now I have to reach down to where these lights are plugged in to turn them off and on now... (Or, find the phone, load the app for the smartplugs, and turn them on/off from there)   ... The -Alexa- app still says they are "unresponsive"....  Investing in Alexa was a mistake.  A very expensive one.  Lesson learned.
started off ok, but now won't control Hue lights. When I ask Alexa to change colors I now get "...Light doesn't support that". It worked yesterday! Also, why can't we delete disabled smart home items. The app needs A LOT of work. Not having the same issues with Google Assistant. Super dissapointing.
Thank you for finally adding in Canada but the app refuses to update the currently playing song and requires an app reboot to catch up, but in doing so loses the queue. Additionally skills I had prior to Canadian activation are no longer available. (Like Plex)  Pixel XL Oreo November patch, local wireless network
I love that Alexa is now officially available in Canada. But I hate her new Canadian voice, it's like someone has pinched her nose and she's pretty mad about it. It's as if Amazon is making fun of us. And worse, they force us to use the Canadian voice or you can't access the skills store. Boo! Please allow us to choose her old voice.
I quite like this, but there is one thing that really pisses me off. For some reason, the "Magic  Jukebox" skill was removed. And that skill was AWESOME. If it's re-added, I'll consider rating higher.
Unable to search for Music in the app, only browse categories. This renders Amazon? Music Pass useless for all but the most casual listening on Echo because Alexa is similarly useless. For this reason I will not be renewing my Music subscription. The app has other problems too numerous to go into.
I wish you were able to tell Alexa to re-enable alarms without creating a new one. I have one set for 8am, repeating daily. When I tell it to turn on the 8am alarm, after I told it to turn the alarm off, it does a new non-repeating alarm. Otherwise, this app is slow and buggy. But, it works, and never had a disconnect.
Biggest POS purchase ever.  Won't connect to wifi at all...how funny, nothing else in my home has a problem connecting.  I've tried EVERYTHING down to resetting and de-registering this pc if trash.  I would never recommend anyone buying this overrated talking speaker.
I have amazon echo.Earlier amazon music was working perfectly, but after few updates, whenever I play from amazon music, songs stops intermitently and starts again. It's very annoying. Music  from savan works perfectly. Developer might look into it.
Terrible app.  You can't search Prime Music.  So you can only use the app's clunky navigation to find the music you want.  The navigation is slow and buggy to the point of being unusable.  Did they even try using this thing before publishing it?
The app still for some reason takes a while to load. Sometimes never responds. The main feature they took out where it shows everything you say to it, needs to be put back in. Even after device resets, half the time she doesn't understand what you're saying.
It has still lot to catch up as compared to google assistant and siri. Most of responses are kind of spoon feeded. It cannot answer any unexpected or weird questions. The app is also very slow and sometimes becomes unresponsive.
The Bluetooth  connection sucks!!!!!!!!! Keeps getting disconnected. Also it cannot remember the Bluetooth (Like my phones). Every time echo is switched on, new connection has to be established which is very time consuming. And even if it connects, no sound come from echo although the songs keeps playing on my phone.
I am strictly reviewing the App. Not Alexa or the Dot. As far as setting up the Dot with the App that was fine. Other than that the App is frustrating. It is poorly laid out and can be slow. The Skill search is really lacking. There are a lot of pointless Skills out there. That in of it self is fine. Amazon just needs to filter those out unless they are specifically searched for. I don't have many Skills enabled due to this. To much garbage to sort through to even find something remotely interesting.
App is only comparable with phone, not android tablet.  While you can get some features, others are not available.  Please update for Android 7.0
This app is absolutely horrible. You offer the convenience of controlling your HUE lights. But, lo and behold, you can't even connect the lights. So, what's the point in offering this inconvenient "convenience"?
Absolute garbage doesn't work very well on Sonos play voice 1. Worked for 24 hrs then just have to and went back to a US accented I having trouble message. If I didn't like the Sonos so much I would return it
I brought echo from USA , and tried alot to connect this ...but doesn work  Now that echo is available in India why i am not able to set it up ?? It should work in India too right (being US version) ??
I DON'T WANT TO DO MESSAGING. This may be a great option if you love alone, but I have 6 people in my household, and I DO NOT want to set up messaging. I can't run the app any more. I do not want Alexa to get to know me better - I want to add a new skill. Please fix this.
Can't tell much about the product, the device can not respond until app performs well... App is totally waste of time... Huge disappointing
BULLSH*T. Set up echo dot fine. STOPPED WORKING. CANNOT RECONNECT MANUALLY OR OTHERWISE TO WIFI. ***DONT WASTE MONEY OR TIME ON THIS POS***
It is just a plastic with a LED light took me 1 hour to just make it to connect app is extremely slow. Voice command I gave took 2 min + to get a response even I have 2mbps wifi some times voice drops only blue light shows. PATHETIC PRODUCT FROM AMAZON
Keeps giving error about langagur not set to Canada on account, however everywhere there is an option for language just says "English - EN" Can't view skills due to this
It shouldn't take a full minute to sync every time the screen times out to pull up a shopping list, might as well write it down like the old days!
Wanted to connect it to my FireTV stick and output the sound to my sound system. Would have been awesome to control the playback verbally with Alexa. Not happening, the sound doesn't output properly. So far can't really see any other use to this device for my home theater
Why has Alexa suddenly become so unresponsive? If i was cynical I'd think this was a deliberate tactic to sell up your new range of Amazon Echo products....
At least put some effort to make a native app for alexa which is smooth and likable. The moment you open this app, it looks laggy, takes time to load.
Love the echo dot but the app is lame. Part of the app tells me that I am on line and another part, the music part tells me that I am not. The app is very slow. Irritating enough to regret my purchase and my purchases as gifts. I will be returning mine.
Smart home skills doesnt allow devices to be removed. It used to have this option but now even if you unlink the smartthings skill the devices are still listed. Users should have the option to remove all devices at anytime they want.
Latest update, registered for the new calling feature, now crashes on launch. And the Echo Dot has a constant green light flashing. Please fix the latest issue. Thanks.
Not able to play songs via Bluetooth from my one plus five phone don't know what's the issue but please do rectify it very soon..
app is always crashing when i try to set alarms and timers. . it is horribly slow. i am surprised amazon would put their name on this.it really sux
Please update the app it Is very slow compared to other apps.... I feel you guys aren't talking the customer feedback seriously it's high time to work on it... Please give an update of the app as soon as possible..
My Amazon Tap was brought to India from the USA. It doesn't show the English India language option in the language menu. This inspite of Echo having already launched in India. Kindly do something about it. It's just a software update away for you guys.
Slow, buggy and I'm really frustrated that the American market get features way before we do in the uk.. control my Amazon fire tv stick please!!
Can never get Hue scenes to work. On/off ok. Needs loads of work
Very slow app. Everything starts loading on any selection. UI of the app is not great. The Alexa team should look and resolve the lagging issues. Not much useful.
Stops any and all music apps when I open my shopping list.   And THAT'S great,  because NOBODY likes to listen to music while they're grocery shopping.
Apparently there was an update recently? I can no longer control my music from the app. It no longer shows what is currently playing. The app is extremely slow.    Amazon you really f'd it up. You have to be exceptional otherwise people WILL move to Google Home. You are making big mistakes by being sloppy with these updates.
Changes in smarthome skill have made this app useless now.There is no way to forget devices which are removed. There are duplicate devices and can't remove duplicates, only option is to disable but after disabling the duplicate,  Alexa still complains about duplicate device.  Amazon please bring back forget devices option.
Please, if you want a good rating, update the app so that when playing on everything (all echos), either the Bluetooth connection or something plugged into one of the echos still works.
Is useless in India. None of the apps work. Doesn't make calls. Some of the buttons on the app do the 'wrong' thing. It's like a college student wrote the app.
Alexa should allow me to talk to "her" via my PixelXL. Annoying.
It is very buggy, things like searching in Tunein just don't work. When you to listen to a particular podcast very frustrating.
Recently every time I ask Alexa to play relaxing music it starts the relaxing Christmas Station. I'm not Christian. I don't celebrate Christmas. It's November. And there's no way to ask Alexa to not play a station.
Alexa App performance is really bad.I am not able to login Alexa App but same credential is working in Amazon app.I am.from India.
Why can't you use this like the digital assistant on an Echo? This app simply controls your Amazon devices but give you no help or the question asking capabilities.
This app is not at all user friendly and it takes forever for anything I want to do to load....  I HATE THIS APP.
Always locks up my phone or takes too long to load. Wish I could use it but have given up.
Its got connectivity issues with my 1st Gen Echo. Works fine with my already connected echo and Sonos. App does not move beyond "attempting to connect" screen even after the echo recognizes it.
Started out great. In the last week, find my phone skill has been removed for some reason, the echo and tap CONSTANTLY disconnect from internet, and all of a sudden it does not understand my Phillips hue commands, confusing living room and bedroom and not allowing me to set scenes due to not knowing which one I'm asking for when I have specifically told her. What the hell happened??? FIX!!
b"When you updated now when I open the app it's just Blank! Shows nothing so I can't do nothing! ?? Everything is blank."
The old skills that I had from the states can not be erased because now its starting in Canada. They need to give an option for removing all the skills.
It's... Ok. The parts that work that is. Missing several abilities/functions on my tablet for no apparent reason. Works fine on my old kitkat phone, just not my more recent tablet running nougat (the iPad app works fine too). Go figure.
Supposedly works with Sonos if you select 'skills': clearly Amazon aren't aware of this. Rubbish!
If I could give this app a negative review I would. I'm not a huge fan of my dot to begin with but the app just destroys any positive feelings I might have had.   One of the biggest things I use the app for is text to speech on my Kindle books. Not only can I not arrange how I want the icons to look or hide services I don't use, but I can't   search through my books for the title I want or sort them. It is also virtually impossible to just say "Alexa read XXXXX" because she has no idea what I'm talking about.  My roommate foumd the same thing when she tried to get the app to read to her. You have to dig through all the books to find the one you want and then hit play.   Also, Alexa is extremely  spotty with pronunciation (i.e., a character whose name is Manny sometimes gets called Man, sometimes pronounced Many and sometimes pronounced Manny; a character named Colin is sometimes prounced like Cawlin and sometimes like Colon).  All that being said, the biggest thing I hate about the app is that it randomly stops, as if a sleep timer went off and it stops reading. If I wake her up by saying "Alexa", she reads a few more words and then stops or she will randomly start reading again (i.e., a 3 am the book will come back on for a sentence or two and then will stop again). This would continue the whole book if I let it. Amazon says it's most likely the internet connection but I can tell you it absolutely is not.   I realize Alexa was a pioneer in AI in her early days, but one would think Amazon would have improved her since then. Not so much.
Worked great with smart lights until update my skills won't enable now had to set everything up on ipad to get everything back
There is no indian specific app. Not able to call customer care. Very disappointing.
Slow and buggy. No voice training in the UK. Alexa will sometimes work well and other times struggle with simple commands.
Good for many things but lists on a 3g connection while shopping are ridiculously slow. Sometimes they won't even load. Lists are just text. 8 bits / ascii character, so this is a crazy flaw.
I am not able to link my Fire TV Stick &amp; Echo. Also performance of the app is poor.
Alexa just deleted all my alarms and reminders without notice. Good thing I have the trusty cell to wake me up.
Can't even open this after the latest update. Crashes everytime...and I just want to know what's on my shopping list :(
Why does this OFFICIAL alexa app not have alexa? I want to issue it commands and questions.
No preview of the skills makes the process unecessarily lengthy to find what the skill is about. I'm unfortunately not able to understand the skill just by the name.
Hate it won't work I hope I can use my Alexa without it. I am uninstall it now.?
Screw amazon I just need to set up an echo and this app is worthless and crashes frequently during install of device.
Plz add calling, text feature for India.  Also one suggestion, give text to speech option in app. Means if there is no network, but using wifi we can send message to home and Alexa will speak that message.  This will be helpful in case of any emergency.
App sucks always freezing on me have to restart over and over just to look at my alarms
I'm not pleased that this app is no longer able to run on my Samsung Galaxy Tablet.  Why was this change made?
Not secure! People outside my flat can connect to my Echo Dot via Bluetooth, I can't turn the Bluetooth off or restrict it to certain connections.
The app lacks the hue bulb reset feature, in some situation this makes it impossible to pair your hue bulbs. Using the echo plus.
So much friction in the first connect, still not able to view then intro video even with superb WiFi. Terribly frustrating.
Ok, I have to say Alexa is just awesome!  With the addition of "Routines", which allow me to setup home automation macros, I have to say this app is now incredible.   Wow!  Also, over the last year, Alexa's ability to answer questions has improved so much, she's now about equal to Google, which is a tremendous improvement.  I have a Google Home Mini only for questions, since Amazon Echo is so far ahead of Google Home for home automation capabilities, but I've figured out Alexa can now answer just about everything Google can. I am NOT a fan of the Alexa calling features, since I have no intention of opening all my contacts up to Amazon, but Alexa is now close to perfect. We'll done Amazon!
Dont suppor mastermind skill in india So unable to cast videos on chromecast
This was great until the latest update which has stopped it from being able to communicate with sonoff switches running the Tasmota firmware in Wemo emulation mode. So I can't control any of my lights now. Amazon, please fix!!
This app is amazingly slow. It takes so much time to load things and consumes very much space in the memory.
The Alexa does nothing that was advertised when I bought it. It can, if you buy various descriptions, but that was not shown in the ads, and should have been included in the purchase price, as implied by Alexa's advertising. For the exorbitant overpriced purchase I made, I basically have an ugly paperweight that tells me the weather. Alexa does not play music for me, not even my YouTube playlist, does not turn on and off my lights, or do any of the features shown in its television marketing. I feel like I have suffered the biggest scam of the century. Horrible, horrible product!
Even though its a bit slow i found setting up echo fairly easy, had to slow my wifi speed down to make it stop stuttering which is strange, on virgin cable, put it down to 54mbs and plays stuff brilliantly
The app is slow and not intiutive enough. A lot to desire.
UPDATE: 15.11.17 The App is getting worse. Very very slow......and now I've got no skills or music....I spend nore time speaking to  Amazon than i do the wife.....I'm getting fed up of talking to Amazon....way too big to be excellent....   ORIGINAL: This reviewew is Only on the Echo.....not the "echo dots as they are VERY POOR"...the Echo is Better than when it started. It really needs phone linking. To rival Google.....good sound. Great at understanding. I've had the echo since it was pre order.  So good I ordered 2 dots they have never got better at anything....what a waste of money. I've just pre orderd a new echo. Second gen.....UPDATE it got delivered to someone else, no delivery card....what a going on...they had to send another, one. Its here, it's as good as the Original although it's not working at the moment. None of the skills or music. On the whole house and we have 4 in total..... You need a voice like Pavarotti to get the dots to work  I think the dots would work well in space....just floating.........heading towards the sun. Be way more entertaining!! If they were captured by the Borg, they wouldn't be able to do anything with them....
Nightmare when tv adverts are advertising echo dot and it is demonstrated by calling alexa, my device wakes up and tries to respond.considering changing name on app to echo or computor
Its good for nothing.i am trying to setup my new echo device since from 2 hours but its not recognising the wi-fi of echo device.getting really pissed.
As a beta launch amazon did quite a good job in india, it is not as good as google but getting better every day.
The app quiet slow and after the update alexa is turning less responsive and incorrect processing is now more often.
I absolutely love my Alexa but the app lags out so much I can't even get my shopping list when I need to in the grocery store for example
I have bought this product in India but it has disappointed me because it doesnt have call and messaging feature in india unlike other countries
It's ok but I only have one question if it's connected with my amazon account , I s it going to charge me if I use it ?
Not sure if it's app or a webpage Too slow..
Became extremely slow on Redmi Note 4 with the new MUI 9 version on the phone
Absolute rubbish. Bugs, slow and not fit for purpose. Sort it out Amazon !
The latest update is almost there, we just need to be able to specify when something is a light so telling Alexa to turn on the lights will work fully. Currently, if the device isn't classified as a light, it won't turn on when  telling alexa to turn on the lights, even if light or lamp is in the name.
Fourth Update:  Amazon/Alexa did allow this station back on-line, so all is well, for now.  No complaints at this time.  Great service, and great device (I have the Tap).  So 5 Stars.  Hope it stays this way.  ////  Update:  Wow!  So now we're purging conservative radio stations from the Amazon/Alexa feed, huh?  I tried to ask Alexa to play my favorite radio station, and I got back "105.9 FM WMAL on iHeart Radio isn't available right now."  Just to make sure it wasn't a temporary glitch, I waited and asked again, and got the same, only restated: "105.9 FM WMAL on iHeart Radio is currently not available."  Which is funny (NOT), 'cause I can go straight to iHeart Radio on my Android tablet, and it immediately plays, just fine.  Amazon, you had better stop boycotting/purging stations just 'cause you don't like their content!  Not happy at all with Amazon over this.  Fix now!  Immediately!  Or you will be reported to the FCC!  ////  Second Update:  Finally, Landscape Mode has been restored!!  Thank you, Amazon, for providing this update for all of us tablet owners, and for the disabled who rely on Landscape Mode for their special devices.  As I said before, this has always been a 5 Star application.  Brilliantly thought out.  Superbly executed.  Great UI.  Now that it supports tablets, it is perfect.  Thanks again, Amazon!  BVI User.  ////  First Update: After calling and emailing Amazon, Landscape Mode has still not been restored for their handicapped/disabled users.  Numerous reviews have been posted by other handicapped/disabled people asking why, and no response from Amazon.  Poor customer response and service.  So, down to One Star you go.  What a shame, for an otherwise responsible and squared-away company.  Pay attention to your handicapped/disabled users!  ////  This would have been a 5 Star review...  Until yesterday.  Minus One Star for taking away Landscape Mode.  Hey, some of out here have large screen tablets and are not gonna twist them around just to see your app's screen.  Those of us with Visual Impairments need the widescreen display.  Please make the orientation an option, Landscape or Portrait.  Minus One Star for removing the identifying colors and symbols for our music apps.  Again, those of us with Visual Impairments used to be able to find our iHeartRadio app by looking for the "red square."  The TuneIn Radio app was easily located by looking for the "aqua square."  Granted, I'm sure that the black &amp; white menus look very modern and sophisticated, but they're not friendly for the Visually Impaired.  Please add an option to put the color back.  Otherwise, great app!  I can control my Tap from either my tablet or new iPhone seamlessly.  Just please be considerate of us Visually Impaired people.  Thanks.  5 Stars once you provide these options.  BVI user.
Cannot access skills because it says set language as English (India) but has no option to do it
Stupid af first develop the app then try selling the echo devices
I am unable to link my fire TV with echo,there is no option which allows you to do so
Unresponsive when exploring songs. No search functionality.
Biggest POS app. It DOES NOT WORK. Does NOT connect to WIFI all of a sudden. ZERO HELP online. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY.
very slow. no music control anymore
For some reason there is no option to set English Canada, this is preventing the skills from working here.
Lost a number of skills since device was recognized as been in Canada. Hope this gets fixed. Was forced to change language from english US to english Canada, after that 70% of my skills don't work.
App keeps freezing and crashing when trying to set up my echo.
Moved, had to change ISP, now have a new modem/router cannot for the life of me get the Echo to connect to the WIFI.  Now have 2 useless Dots.
b"Such a sluggish app ?? And where's the option to delete completed reminders!!"
Alexa skills only works with English India..but it sounds too bad than English US.
Doesn't see any groups I've created in the app with my sonos speakers, does not work well with the sonos skill.
Everything is good but I would love this app if one more integration could be done in this. It would be best if one could play songs through their phone through Alexa app or give voice command in their Alexa app.
I have no idea how it works. There's no tutorial.
The update messed the app up it keeps disconnecting.
We really love the Alexa app we really love the daily question the history the music app and the news can't wait to learn more from it
Not able to link my echo dot with fire TV stick
There's no "music ,books and video" section , all it shows is "music and books", and I want the video section to connect my fire stick to the speakers. Help.
The Bluetooth speaker feature is not working at all with my one plus five. Request for an speedy update.
I can no longer drop in on my home echo devices, just says "Not able to make a call. Please try again later"
Ever since the update this damn thing is broken.
I love Alexa but I hate Alexa app.totally disappoint.please fix it soon.
Samaung S6...internet Radio won't work, gets WORSE with every update.    Still won't connect to Tune In or iHeart. Fixit....  App won't launch any Tune in or iHeart station.
Since last update she no longer understands me
It's nice to be able to give feedback and add skills. However, the option to set up voice profiles never worked and has now vanished.
Would be great if reminders had the option for daily reminders. Be even better if you could delete the completed reminders.
Won't connect to WiFi tried for hours. I'm going to get my money back ASAP
Too much lag in the music player when using Pandora
Seems Amazon  haven't  taken  this seriously.  UI is no where  near to standards  of their shopping  app.
This app works well and Alexa has become an integral part of our daily routine.
Crashes a ton and can't use Google
The app is great and all but if you have a bad connection the app works at a snail's pace.
Calling to phone is not working! How can i add my android phone to alexa app?
Gets better all the time with new skills coming out. I use to control my Openhab based smarthome effectively.
Will not download.. Error 505
They've got it rite. A Brilliant piece of kit I think! Well done Amazon. Good job by all.
No search option for the millions of songs... ridiculous!
Do not switch to Canada region! Limited skills. No Jeopardy unlike US regional setting
Need a lot of work on the app.. And hope the update is out soon..
Crashes at start up. Unusable.
Use to be great the new update made home automation worse. Let me delete disabled devices!!!!!!
It's slow. Speed=Success.
I need call and messaging in india can you release this update
The loading of home screen is considerably slow and should be improved
What happened to the drop-in feature in the app? Now I have to buy another Echo for this to work?
Echo is a great product, but this app is horrible!
Won't allow us to connect to our fire TV stick.
b"I love this app that's the only thing I got to say!!!????????????"
Love our Echo Dot. Alexa is fun &amp; helpful.
Really poor at text box input for skill reviews
Saavn is not showing in my acount
Amazing. Works as planned and looking forward to every update. The routines addition is perfect.
Still in it's early stages, can't wait to see what they do with it
Buggy and slow af
slow and frustrating
Need a lot of improvement.
So slow!
App is slow.
Finally in Canada!
Needs much improvement
Does what it needs to do
Need more improvements
Trying to change to Fafrenheit
As long as you have the Alexa device it works great with the Alexa
Can't search for music...
Not bad! Good app to use.
I love my dot. Fitted my car.
a most have for your smart home. . just get it ..
Need improvement
Setup sucks
Needs improvements
Bad!
Crashing when loads
Not great
Very awesome and exciting
b'????????????????'
b'????????'
Too good
amazing...
Slow
I just would like to play music I like every day from a certain time. First there is no such routine setup option in this app. Second the music selection on Unlimited Prime is actually very limited. No way to customize the list. No search. Just a preconfigured set like fast-food. If Amazon is truly the most user aware company on the earth, do right now to shift all the development resources to get it to the state what it should be. Otherwise it will be paid back in an undesirable manner.
Alexa is, in a word, frustrating. She's buggy and seems unable to do anything. Please give her the ability to search using Google already. Also, twice already I've had to delete and recreate my playlist because she suddenly says she can't find any music in my library, meanwhile it's still there and even shows in the app. What gives.
Amazon is way way behind Google in terms of voice recognition. The Echo product needs a lot of work on voice recognition and intelligence built in. The Alexa App itself is definately not launch ready in India - lots of errors incl voice training part, all the skills need far more work  as well
New update has removed the option to "Forget All" smart home devices. Very annoying when trying to set up/reconfigure new smart devices. Also, the app will not discover my IKEA Tradfri groups - just the individual light bulbs. Very annoying.
Awesome
Routines added but very limited and I wish they would check things first... one of the examples given for using routines was the phrase 'good night' but this is reserved for default functionality and cannot be used! Needs to be able to set temperatures, play preset audio tracks/streams and give customisable voice responses to make routines useful. Other than that all the other alexa functions are great!
Echo device is quite responsive. However, the app isn't. It takes a lot of time to load the content. Amazon you have wonderful cloud computing. Wondering why this app is so so sluggish in India. The features in app look basic or incomplete. Please curate the skills, loads of useless skills.
Buggy, my biggest issue is all alarms I have ever set, including duplicates, are in a giant list. It takes 20 seconds to be able to start scrolling and 10 seconds when getting to enable one of these because the list gets refreshed.  You can't delete alarms, so I'm stuck and can only realistically set an alarm through Alexa, but sometimes I'm not in that room or even home when I want to set an alarm.
Love it
This NEEDS to be able to connect to 802.1x networks! I have many friends in university that were really interested in buying one but can't because it wouldn't connect to the network. I also brought mine from home and was deeply disappointed finding out that I can no longer use mine at all because it can't connect to the network.
Alexa is the voice and persona in my Amazon Echo, which is the coolest gadget I have ever owned! She learns as time goes by, but doesn't seem to know when to shut up when I know what she's going to say. Regardless, I am impressed as hell!
It's news to the Indian market. Truly exciting to have Alexa home. The song playing capabilities are returning with error stating Unable to Play the playlist. And also very limited regional songs i guess. Hopefully WE get an update very soon.
Only plays what is preconfigured. Cannot play my playlist from Saavn. Cannot control my fire stick. No messaging or calling. Important apps like swiggy, grofers, make my trip missing. Hope they improve the services soon.
Just keeps getting better, amazon keep finding new and innovative ways to make their echo family smarter. I though I'd commend them now before Google throw another toy out if the pram and remove the app from the play store like he big baby's did by removing YouTube from the echo show. The only thing Google did there for me was cement that I never want to own one of their home devices now!
Highly disappointed. Can't even login into the application. Tried with mobile data/wifi it still shows message 'No network available. Please connect and try again'. Internet seems to be working fine except this app
Hello Amazon, I am facing issue with bluetooth. Even after connecting to bluetooth the echo does not play my songs or anything else for the matter of fact. Can you please what can be done
It used to be great.  After recent updates, I can never get the Now Playing screen to come up.  Trying to find playlists or music stations is impossible.  It freezes up and nothing will work.  Going to look into getting a Google Home to play music instead.
Was a great App until the last "upgrade", now it just drains my battery.  Update.. so disapointed that I really am selling my echo.  Amzn screwd up. Makes me sad. I do not recommend the Echo anymore.
1. Be careful which radio stations you add as favourites because there's NO MEANS OF REMOVING THEM! 2. Rewinding by 30 secs doesn't work when Alexa is reading a Kindle book.
I would give it 5 * if it would NOT reply to the TV commercials. Please fix that flaw because your comercials come on all day and all night.
It forces you to sign up for the phone call feature, I have no desire to enable that feature... So now I can't get into the app at all because of that horrible splash page ad.
Needs work. I constantly need to restart the app for it to access my echos.  It can be extremely painful to operate sometimes, other times it works as intended.
So much to improve. This deserves a native app and not hybrid. There's an evident lag in every interaction. The volume control is buggy.
Works on my tablet fairly well. Does not work to manage alarms on my Note 8  App just freezes up. VERY annoying.
Slow, buggy and inconvenient to use. There is still a lot of work to with this app. Edit 07/03/2017: the app is a lot more stable now. But basic features like search option within music unlimited section are still missing.
Installed it today(India). First it loads after a minute and then when we go to skills it gives an error that language is not English India and closes. Cannot download or even look at the skills Setup and language is correct but still it has this issue.
Ironic: I need to Google how to fix this damn thing!  It works as long as you don't want to make changes after initial setup. Changing/resetting devices is a HUGE P.I.T.A. Even with a "factory reset" Love Amazon for shopping, but their devices need cleaning up. I think they overreached here.
There are so many little things that are difficult to use on this app. Anytime you have to type something to name a light in the smart home section or write a review for a skill the keyboard pops up over what you're trying to type. Hard to believe these interactions were tested at all.
This app is worthless. It doesn't do anything except load and doesn't allow for control of Alexa. I can't wait until my Google mini gets here.
App installed fine and also setting the echo dot straightforward. Here is my issue, alexa is released in india but app does not show skill for india. Location setting also only allow usa address format and gives error for india address. What mess have amazon created. It is making impossible to use it for any useful.purpose.
Does not fully sync with I Heart Radio, cannot select the episodes. App takes too long to load. Can't edit Amazon playlists or add music to your library. Needs a lot of work.
Got echo plus today and was  disappointed. Can't do much yet all settings are for US. No music provider available. Was promised to get saavan but can't see. Can link Pandora but not play. Amazon you need to make it usable before shipping.
Super slow app, everything takes 5-10 we to load, nothing works out of the box. You cannot rename devices, there are no aliases, you cannot stop playing music in a routine. Practically you cannot do anything.
There cannot be any background noise or else I literally have to yell before retaining any confirmation for my request and what I'm told from "Alexa" normally doesn't comply with my command or is completely misunderstood for a ridiculous question that no one would ever ask.     Occurs when the tv is at a minimal volume or any one else is talking plus I cannot ask important things like what the gas prices are. Maybe the Google Home will, I'll be sure to update once I test it out &amp; if that works better I will be sure to deactivate my Echo then reduce my 3* rating to 1*.
This worked great until a few days ago. Now it will not load properly. It will not let me select anything to use. For example, I could choose any song/album to play. Now it will not load the section. I could also change the alarm, now that section will not load. Hopefully this is fixed soon.
I bought an echo dot, downloaded the app but  Am very disappointed  with the app. So many things don't work and many functions missing, like I cannot connect to my fire t.v stick, no option to make calls and messages , kindle dosent work and many more. All these work fine in other countries so why not in india. Am sure an update will change things. So waiting eagerly for an update.
So many irrelevant skills in india..many food and shopping service, which does not exist in india. Rather following skills are required - Food- Zomato, Swiggy, KFC, Foodpanda, McDonalds. Cab- Ola, (uber is already there) Grocery- Bigbusket, Grofers, Spencers. Utility - cylinder booking (indane, HP).
Needs improvement, the user interface is okay however it could do with a little update. Currently lacking features that's the main down side. I would like to see the smart home feature updated. For example play Spotify music when waking up or add Spotify to Routines. Routines lacks options and features that's the  main issue. I will post another review upon another update.
cannot enable echo because application stuck forever when i go back after connecting amazon-9g wifi! tried 10+ times and no luck!
This is frustrating. Lots of bugs. Settings is not working fine for me. Unable to set up. Somehow I feel Alexa is not as smart as expected.
Hey update the app for India first really it's not good at all it is showing many errors really fedup this is the first Amazon app which I rated this low hope you improve so that I change my review and my rating
Even my dog hates it. Refuses to search Spotify by default, will instead just tell you to buy Amazon Music. Terrible Bluetooth connection always skips. Hell reconnecting. App makes you add your phonenumber even if you are just a house member
I'm facing a bit of an issue with the app. I'm from India and I just got the echo. Whenever I try to add any skills the app tells me that the language is not supported.
I think it is ok, I am still unable to link my iheartradio account using my Facebook log in. I even called customer service, who told me they will get back to me in 2 days and they have not.
So finally Amazon is going to enter in India Smart Home industry with the Echo devices and this is the app which controls everything...I have already been using it and must say it's working fine once you configure all skills.As of now in India it supports Phillips , Syska , Ola , Uber , Zomato, Fresh Menu, Times of India and so on...
Stupid app that cannot delete smart devices, it keeps adding the same devices multiple times and the button to remove device was removed. Sloppy developer work.
Getting worse, why would someone use bing to get search results? I ask for one thing and it brings up something completely different, at least give the option of who we want as our search engine. Since the last update everything is real slow, app takes ages to connect to wifi and then when you try and do something you just sit and hope it actually does it!
Routines work well but that's about it. I'm in UK so I don't know why others are saying they don't have them  My lighting groups have stopped working. Even though there are lights   in the groups. App is buggy. Go into a smart home group and nothing will be showing even though you have just added it  I have re discovered devices deleted and created new groups but still not all lights in that group will turn on. Come on Amazon what's happening
They keep touting the new "Routines Section" but where is it?!  This UI is terrible.
Last update broke operability on many fronts. Cannot control WeMo switches like I used to be able to.
This app is great when it works, but it's incredibly buggy. And it only seems to be getting worse over time. But we do love the lists functionality.
One of the slowest clunky apps out there, takes ages to do anything then crashes.... Pure S###  I would delete if I didn't need it to control my dot
Sometimes it does not work. I update the app and that logs me out. I have Amazon music, and yet it's playing samples when I ask for certain songs. Too many things wrong.
The new routine feature is broken. When I tried to schedule a routine between 2 and 8 am the time is always wrong. The time is usually about 3 hours less. Please look into it.
I received my Amazon Echo today. But it's not working at all. Keeps on searching the device but not able to find any one, not even fire stick. Very frustrating as nothing is working.
I can't get multi-room sync to work.  The app says my echo devices need updated but when I try to update them, they say they're already on the latest update.
The app is slow to respond, having trouble linking into my Amazon account, so I can't listen to audio books, music. Making this seem nothing more than an alarm
This app is extremely buggy. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling but setting just a basic alarm is a pain. Upon scrolling through the present times it lags, and freezes. When you do eventually get to the time, 75% of the time after hitting the button next to it to set alarm, it freezes and sets the wrong time. I'm on a new Pixel XL as well so it's not my phone.
No option for local Adress in India for my echo dot. My location shows in Seattle and weather of Seattle. And in music there is no option like savan etc which was promised before shipping by Amazon and no Amazon prime music app in play store. Overall very disappointed.Hope India specific update come soon and prime music also on Indian play store.
Pretty much junk the most clunky app out there, should be embarrassed to put something out like this, shame on Amazon, heads should roll. Can't even remove a device yikes
Could not be connected with fire tv stick.  Poor music quality. No continues music stucks in between lot of times like old tape recorder.
Unable to use my sonoff switch that's also sold my Amazon  but didn't supports the ewelink skill in india and app is very slow and alexa stops talking mid of the conversations very disappointed   even one expectation is not fulfilled waste of money
I can review, update and manage every Amazon Echo in my household and control music volumes, make calls and so much more. I love this app and the Echo's Alexa!!
Crashes.  On skills, smart home, setting etc page it keeps on loading for some time and then crashes
Love using my Echo Dot with this app. Just recently found out it could play games with you!
The app has many issues. Usability needs to be improved. Its quite slow in responding. Not up to amazon standards.
I am having very bad experience with alexa, first 2-3 days it works fine but after that its always started saying "your echo dot lost connection" very frequently even almost every time when i call "alexa".  Either a hardware issue or alexa service issue
Had to change cumbersome device regional setting. Awesome music experience
Very disappointing considering how long this has been out, it does a few things ok, you can tell it to set a timer, but Google assistant seems way smarter, this year I'll be getting a Google device instead, oh and I forgot, no widget? Really what a joke and no voice control mic button to  tell it to do stuff like Google
The Alexa unit and the app are just so slow! I use it as a speaker for my bathroom and can't wait to get a Google Home device instead.
Updated but app is exactly the same, I see no new smart home section... Also kinda pissed off that UK have to wait months for new features.....
Amazon, why have you outsourced your app to a third rate developer , an app that crashes, is clueless &amp; is buggy to the core .Nothing is working, it's as if it was hurriedly launched in India without any checks &amp; tests . Worthless !
1. Be careful which radio stations you add as favourites because there's NO MEANS OF REMOVING THEM! 2. Rewinding by 30 secs doesn't work when Alexa is reading a Kindle book.
Go back to the drawing board Amazon this one bites. I haven't gotten literally anything to work. If you don't fix with some firmware update. I will move on to your competition. Right now it sucks1
This app is very unpredictable in it's efficiency sometimes it actually works but, mostly it doesn't. When I try to browse the various skills available, all I get is a blank screen! Come on Amazon start responding to all the bad feedback and sort out the app because despite investing in your devices my patience only lasts so long and there are more  alternatives coming along everyday, don't think that people will wait forever for you to repair an app that was obviously never tested thoroughly! I have used apps in beta that had less problems!
For some reason, my Alexa still thinks it's in Chicago.. I can't change my location to India
There is no option to change language to ENGLISH (IN) in settings so I am unable to add any skill due to a warning message.
App interface is glitchy and poorly organized. Amazon can spend the money on a good App?
The app is very slow to response or populate any screen.. does not work on split screen mode.. needs improvement..
Couple of things that I wish were present. Link with multiple Google accounts for calendar. Any.do integration is broken.
Doesn't have English (India) in the set of languages. Can't use any of its skill
App takes long time to load the content,though I have a good data speed.Most of the local skills are not all working in india..needs a lot of improvement
UK is obviously a low priority for Amazon, Broadlink skill and many other features missing compared to US version. If you enter our marketplace, please don't do a half arse job!
I can't search for skills cause my language is set to English us.  And if I set it to English India it doesn't pronounce word properly
Alexa works well but this app after sign in does nothing. It doesn't even respond to my touch! The screen becomes blank!!
Unable to stream music from Android phones. Tried with oneplus 5 and oneplus 3
Good app.... One sincere request.... Please add yeelight controls in India.... We desperately need it...!!!
The latest update said there were 2 big new features, routines and improved groups. They're not in the app. Alexa's great but Amazon don't care about us UK users! Ok, Google.
Apps good but annoying you still havnt released the update to let the UK control fire tv with echo
Needs/way to add more contacts. Sad only way to call cell number is to say call with full phone number.
It does not even recognize the country I live in. It's simply not available in the options. Still way to go.
It worked perfectly until the last update that killed my hue setup. No way to make it work anymore.
This isn't a standalone app. Don't install expecting it's gonna work like Google Assistant
Doesn't even do that it does in the commercials. False advertising.
Very slow all around.  Everything takes forever to load.
Wow! what a pathetic App. Stay away from Alexa people. its terrible.
3class app worst app by Amazon so many problems and bug's
It won't update.  Can't force update.  Opens to a white screen with nothing
Rubbish app, slow, always says "there's something wrong", a massive disappointment.
I can't connect fire TV with echo using this app as there no options in the app, while the Amazon site says there should be.. seems like they have not rolled out this feature worldwide but only to a small controlled audience
Stopped working. Can't even get help because the screen is blank. Uninstalled and restalling.
Can't search music from Amazon unlimited to play on echo. Would be helpful to be able to click on artists from echos history.
App crashes every time I open it, wiping data doesn't help. Fix it!
Some skills are missing for English india language customers example ewelink skill only available for us English. Amazon need to bring all smart home skills and make alexa a standard product.
Does not support messaging or calling yet, there are also very few skills....needs a lot more optimization, hopefully they bring it out fast!
Clunky and buggy playback control!!  No real integration for Audible or Amazon Music apps.
Good app have some problems asking Alexa to play songs though also the app can be a bit slow and crash sometimes
Unable to add skills (India). It's asking to change the language to English(India), which is not available in options.
Have worked fine since I purchased my echo but lately just keeps crashing, my echo is loosing connection, not finding or connecting to my hive. Really needs to be looked at
This app lacks so many good features which it actually provide in other countries. Hoping for updates soon.
When playing music via app, I enter one letter in search and keyboard goes away
There seems.to be an issue with the India version of this App , unable to find my address , everything is about Seattle ,it's dam off , needs an update
The app is getting there and the new routines look promising. I can no longer 'forget' smart devices though.
Recommends English (IN) but it's not available. Gives error for customizing fire stick.
Quite limited options, also unable to join a household, changing device location was difficult not sure if this impacts my prime subscription, also very much limited skills especially for India location, you need many skills to make a speaker popular in India
If Amazon aren't going to develop the UK version of this app to include exactly the same features as the US version with the same release time why bother!?
Got the echo dot today. I can't make any calls, as it says I have to register my Alex's app. But I have registered the device with my data. I also do not see  the chat bubble like the one on the screenshot in the play store.
One of the slowest clunky apps out there, takes ages to do anything then crashes.... Pure S###  I would delete if I didn't need it to control my dot
Overall useful, but noticably freezes on Pixel and S7 when changing alarms
Waste ?????? ?????? ???????
Most things are good, but it needs a way to manually add contacts that don't automatically show up.
Shocking now. Doesn't work how it did
Everything is working now and I love it. I hope more skills come out soon and can't wait to see it evolve more.
With all the integration and constant commercials/use in tv shows, voice training is much needed. Waaaaaaay too much false wake commands
setting up is very hard &amp; does not recognize the voice.. so uninstalling ALEXA.
App is pretty worthless after you've setup your echo
It is not yet ready for India
Bluetooth when connected to mobile pauses with notification.
This version is not so good in terms of smart home ,their is no forget button for the device
You need to fix the search results in landscape mode on Samsung tablet.
You need to make a standalone app similar to Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana.
Good one, but needs to improve a lot, hope Amazon will live up to it's standard.
It would be great if you can add more apps support for echo like soundcloud.
Over all not bad. But it would be 5 starts if it worked with Deezer... Please fix this!!
First impression.. Disappointing.
Very poor app ,links ar e not working ,it stucks on many occasions
Unable to play music without sound breaking even when having high speed internet
It's a tad bit slow sometimes
Voice recognition in Indian version is too bad
Hey Amazon India add video section in Alexa app so we can control fire tv stick
Bring back the option to hear what was said in the lists section. Alexa's voice recognition interprets weirdly sometimes and I need to hear what was actually said.
Stupid app just does not work
Finally officially available in India. I am able to access a plethora of applications in any region of my country. Thanks Amazon!
The App is not showing the SONOS SKILL... why
Was able to play music on my devices through the app, this got removed it seems and voice recognition in german still sucks unfortunately
App perfprmed terribly with my phone. Kept freezing.
I bought this echo today (India). And it seems that the device is still not ready for setup in india. I tried to setup but I cannot enter my address for local weather, news and local info. It shows US based weather, news and information. Also, there is no spotify in India then how can Amazon Echo expect us to play music. First launch amazon music in india and then think of selling echo in india. This device has to be updated.
VERY buggy...App freezes and won't load, just sits there. FIX IT PLEASE!!!
I ordered an sonoff smart home gadget which shows that compatible with alexa buy it doesnt i was shocked the company name eWelink is not appearing in the skill section
Does not work with my One+ 3T.
Amazon...please let us delete disabled smart home devices. That way something I will never use won't stay there.
Slow to respond &amp; no search for music. Not user friendly.
Crashes immediately on startup. LG G4. Even after reinstall.
The app is incredibly slow and unpredictable it needs a refresh and better integration with the android platform it's loading screen it's a letdown for the alexa services the echo is great this app is terrible
Doesn't even do that it does in the commercials. False advertising.
Pixel 2 XL, Alexa app uses too much data, even when never used. Uninstalling soon.
My echo dot says I have trouble understanding at times what is that
No longer shows what's playing or queued on any of my echo devices. Also should not default to conversation view
Need an update to control calling feature
Waste ?????? ?????? ???????
Need more upgrade to work in india
Causes faster drain in Note 8. Pls look into it
So far is pretty good
? Of the day?
Please update application like a US version to India and amazon music.
Useful to control your echo device
There is no drop in feature available in India.
Good app
It wonderful app
No
I love this App
Settings hardly ever work
Too slow
Ridiculous slow
App is sluggish...
Not working with My Echo first gen!! Skills for India are inaccessible!!
Have to make sure the country settings are correct.
All good to start in india. I am satisfied with the performance.
Long process to connecting
Why saavn is nit working in my area???
Fine with overall but features are less yet to get update on this
Amazon has done an amazing job in getting smartness into the home
Awesome...Just follow instructions on this app.. and Alexa works smoothly :)
No link for Indian user, can't see link with Saavn and other apps
Please get multi-user device control for Households in India!
Finally Alexa came to India.
Bad UX/UI
Great device and Application.. Just got my Eco Dot today. Liked it.. Exploring more..
No Indian location support so whats the point of it
It's amazing what this app can do if you have an Alexa enabled home
Somehow thinks I am registered in the United States.
Buggy, inconsistent and unintuitive
Instead of making the app look  pretty they should fix the issues with functionality
Can I add my Amazon Echo bought from the States?
It wouldn't let me record my voice at all..this sucks
Won't open up as of last update!  Edit. Uninstalled and works
Was excited to give a try but seems like its not working at all . ;(
Please make Alexa compatible with iota / reos lite (smart led bulb) in India
This is a good companion app for the Echo smart speaker, but this app needs some serious streamlining and UX overhaul. The main 3 shortcut icons don't link to particularly helpful screens and most of the useful functionality is buried under other functions or menus.
Latest version 2.2.171.0 still doesn't allow you if you want to get to app settings without activating or setting up messaging Can no longer swipe RIGHT anymore to bypass setting up messaging and calling.    App no longer useful
Used to work great but I don't want to set up the new calling feature, and the rest of the app is basically locked until you complete calling setup. Useless. Let's hope I don't need to change any settings or add new skills! Thanks Amazon!
A solid companion app, Alexa holding its own in the current smart home device war with Google. Even pulling ahead.  I remain dismayed at the lack of parity when it comes to features outside of the UK. You will read about and possibly see features advertised in the UK that are only available in the US.
Keeps losing link to sonos via echo dot. Need to keep forgetting skill relaunching and reapplying. When it does work it takes minutes to send before music actually plays. Needs to be sorted before users 'forget' about alexa!
The basic stuff still hasn't been resolved, so I've ordered a Google home. Really disappointed at how many useless skills are being pushed when basic functions aren't polished first. Alexa, bye bye...
Loving it.
Brilliant
Good app
Great
Great app
Kind of a mess, like a 3rd grader designed it. e.g. All Skills. One would think this is where all my Echo's skills are. Then the link to them is pretty undiscoverable. Why not rename All Skills "Skills Store" and Your Skills as a separate menu item. Or just redesign the entire app.
Don't listen to other reviews, the app works fine. People seriously don't have any idea how their technology works, its kind of sad. As for the calling feature, just add it, enjoy and STFU.
What a way to ruin what was a good app. Now it just hangs because I do not want to set up the call/message addition. My Prime subscription is soon due for renewal, time to consider not renewing.
What had changed work the 17/10 update.? Still looking for voice recognition and routines. Amazon love to spam me about shopping with them but nothing on when these new services will be released. I could be another Google convert..
Works well  unless you're trying to link an account. Both any.do and TP Link kick you back to the app as soon as you sign in. Tried this now on two different Android devices and had the same experience. Works fine on the other major mobile platform though...
Can't update location threw the app it just sets back to the original setup for it after about 5 seconds or after a house number and a beginning of the street it just automatically gose back to the default one even the zipcode cannot be typed in fast enough app is just ok.. Would be better if everything was easy to use and user freindly.
Great
It works okay, but there's a major issue with a cookie bug.  If you're logged in to Amazon in another Amazon app (Amazon Shopping, etc) most of the time the Amazon Alexa app will not open. Instead, it just sits there with the loading icon spinning.  The fix (until the programmers eliminate the bug), which took me forever to find online, is to open other Amazon apps, logout of Amazon, then open Alexa.
Awesome
Can't do a manual search for songs on this app. This is a basic thing that is needed as voice searcing often has to be too exact to find the right song and looking through a genre isn't a fast way to find a song. Also the the lag makes the app almost  useable.
Until the most recent update this app worked perfectly for controlling my lights along with my Amazon Echos. Since the update, the echo keeps reporting that it was unable to make the lighting adjustments I requested successfully and yet it actually does make the adjustment. Similarly, where as the lights used to fade out when I made the request via the Echo they now abruptly turn off. This is all since the most recent update. Please investigate, I use this daily and I'd like the functionality to be back the way it was.
Amazon, not everyone wants Alexa call and messaging. Complete waste and ready to throw away Alexa due to a crappy app.
b'Love it ??'
The app is very slow, usually unresponsive. All my other apps, devices, streaming, wifi and internet are highest speed and fast.
Happy with it so far, but voice training, per se, is no longer available. Instead, it is said that 'the cloud' learns from your previous utterances. Heuristic. Despite that, this wins hands down, since so much is available with it!
Just upgraded to android 7.1.2 and the app no longer works. It crashes every time I open it. Tried reinstalling, doesn't work. Please patch this.
This used to be a great complimentary app for my Alexa but for the last 6 months it's been almost unusable with terrible lag. I just can't use the shopping list anymore as it's so unresponsive. Someone please fix this.
Since integration of the call feature the app crashes during the setup process. At the moment the app is absolutely useless for me... Can't even manage my echo dot anymore...
The new update makes the app unusable thanks to the calling feature it keeps telling me to set it up but I don't want to and i cant get out of it! Went from being a good app to and stupidly unusable app! So basicly I cant use the app or add skills at all. Devs need to sort this out now!
Awful radio - what is the point of having such a good speaker when you pair with TuneIn so it constantly drops out. The most frustrating thing in the world, I have to turn it off every time. Fix with a BBC iPlayer skill please! Spotify works fine!
Tried to setup my echo dot. it keeps stucks on the same place. not usable. so much worse than similar products i used before.
Disappointed! Amazon should be shamed. Such a wealthy company, not just in $$ but in technology, innovation and ability to hire the best in programmers yet the Alexa app sucks big time! The echo dot has incredible potential. I can tell by the responses I get when I ask certain questions. However, if it depends on the horrible app for its skills as an AI, it's getting no where slowly with each update. I really want to like the Echo and I'm hanging on Alexa but... I may have to find another girl. Come on Amazon, you can do better!
Very unreliable. It can't recognise the word 'kitchen, no matter what way I pronounce it. The app is dreadfully slow and can't find a single one if the dozen Sonos devices, even with Sonos skill installed. Poor show
Make a phone with alexa, say "hang up", yell "hang up", scream "hang up", it don't hang up. I even tried saying the wake up word then "hang up" and it still don't hang up. Have to turn alexa off to hang up. Very annoying.
Maybe some manual. Everything I try just gets a message telling me to register the app.  So I find this not to useful
This app is absolutely useless on Android 7.1.1.  The calling feature works only on Android 5 and 6.
Once disconnected you have to uninstall and reinstall the app and set it up again. Will not allow you to make any changes and will not reconnect even when the connection is available. A real passion to use when you have to go through all that almost daily.
If I go back when the app is trying to connect with my echo dot, it comes up with connection failed and I have to uninstall the app and start over from scratch. I've had to do this multiple times.
Latest update wreaked havoc on my Sonos devices, thinks the same devices included under my linked Yonomi devices mean I have "multiples with the same name", Alexa can't figure out they're the same freaking device.
List widgets for the home screen would be nice.
Simply Awesome and useful indeed
Great app.... works well with our Echo Dots
Slow, buggy
Pretty cool
Its getting better but some functions you read about take a longer time to reach the UK after the US version
very good and nice
Much better than it was. Nice touch!
I love  this  game and  it's  free everything great  game  thanks
Very unstable and loses sync with echo dot often and must be restarted to fix.
Better then I thought
Perfect app
Good app with a few bugs
Please, add every other week alarm.
as of the latest update I cannot see any of the skills on the list,when I type in what I wanted in the search nothing happens..I don't know why this is happening.I use alexa all the time
The app is slow and frustrating to use
Still crashes! Deleting it now. It's got passed funny.
As others have stated, would like to see more app access
was always slow. after last update, on Samsung s8 i cannot open app, just no menus show, nothing ahows, cannot manage my devices
b'??????????'
Connects to my Insteon smart devices plus more. Very useful have 3 Dots throughout the house.
I love everything about Alexa and it keeps getting better with more features.
Terrible
Very bad app performance
Why is the "discover new device" button in the help menu?
I love it best invention ever
The app is good enough ,but needs to be more users friendly and many features are no avail in India so please make sure to do that.
The app keeps telling my android system needs to be updated, but my system is completely up to date. App won't open at all.
Need more commands that control more stuff I actually need or use
App just shows a blank screen. Tried to reinstall but still no joy. Echo dot being returned to store tomorrow.
This app is absolutely useless on Android 7.1.1.  The calling feature works only on Android 5 and 6.
I'm not getting the contract setup when I open the app
I plan on buying one for my dad. One day
b'Update causes the app to freeze on log in.  Worthless now...??'
Slow and unreliable.
Echo dot will not respond  with  this app
Totsl crapp dont work
This is a great piece of technology. I like that I can converse with my echo dot and see what was transcribed in the app. I try to keep up with the reviews so that she can improve. When will this be released to the Caribbean?
Can't access Amazon music library through app.
Really like Alexa. I've had no problems with it from activating lights and heating ,playing songs and asking about the weather.
Pretty cool
Impossible to set up new feature "phone dad " round and around in circles I go. Awful
The music is the only bad thing.  It just doesn't respond at times. Sometimes it plays instantly sometimes it takes over a minute to even play a song from amazon.   Please fix this and you will get 5stars from me.  Also I love the songs Alexa can sing but can you make it so you can have her sing a specific song.
I love my echo, but this app sucks. Very slow, to-do list is less than basic. And should I mention that you can't actually TALK to Alexa with this app?
Horrible. Can't set up the dot. It gets stuck at the connection stage. The dot tells me I'm connected, but tell that to the app. Unusable. I'm extremely disappointed. Turns out many users have considerable trouble setting up and it takes many, many tries. Or use your computer to set up.  Really frustrated.
Unusable! Keeps trying to force me to sign up to making phone calls. I don't want to. Because of this, I can't access the normal functions of the app any more. Waste of time.
I have deleted this app. After the update I had to sign in again, and it is trying to force me to go through the setup for the calling features. I am not willing to share the required info with Amazon, especially when I have no interest in the feature, and the echos are a shared device. If you don't have this fixed by the next update I will sell the Echos and buy some Google Home.
Ever since they introduced the calling feature, I can't open the app without going through the set up process to make calls... something I am not interested in.
I really like the app but lacks ability to use drop-in feature on a multiple device system. Works fine on Echo but not Echo Dot. Follow me on G+!
I have no plans to use the phone app with Alexa, but this appears to be extremely important to her. Asks me every time I open it. She becomes moody and fickle when I don't. Might do something she's supposed to and slow about it. Often drops out and sulks.
Used to work, then the latest update(s) of the last couple of days happened and now it just continually bombs out. Gets past accepting the contacts access then crashes and will not open at all afterwards.
Unfortunately you have to use this app too often. It is really clunky and slow. And I can't review skills on the app because the keyboard covers the text--stupid.
Horribly Slow.How come Google play store is quick and Amazon alexa store is so slow.......... Use the web page it is much better
Has a great basis to build on but there are some real problems with Alexa too.  The biggest is the inability of Alexa to not play adult content music.  My kids want to play music on it and it just starts dropping f-bombs.  Amazon is aware of this and has said they don't plan on implementing a clean version option like Pandora has. Calling is great, eliminates the need for a home phone for the kids even off the volume levels are kind of low
Love the device! The app is very helpful in giving cues and helps in improving the performance and experience.
The downloaded app says that I can use the app or echo to send messages and make calls, but I can't even start synching my phone contacts because I don't  have the conversation icon displayed, and before asking, yes my version of Android is higher than 5.
App is ok but with new call feature, this app has to be opened first before being able to receive call. Hopefully this can be addressed so that incoming calls are received regardless of whether the Alexa app has been launched or not like other call/messaging apps.
Impressively bad user interface design. No way to get rid of "Things to Try", which wastes a good third of my screen. Each item on the shopping list and to do list has its own card on the home screen, which would result in my losing items in the clutter if I had anything other than those lists in there. It won't stop demanding that I set up the Calling feature.
The app does the job okay and you do need it to set your echo up. I hope you don't have to buy a new phone or tablet every time the app is updated as at present you need at least Lollipop for it to work now where as it did work on Kitkat. I have backed this one up just in case.
Finally after many frustrating months decided to delete to save space. The thing is a trial of little real value. If you want, for example,accurate info on traffic etc use ok Google and also streaming from local storage. Luckily the dot was a present so not out of pocket. Wishing others more luck.
Horrible update. Doesn't let you ignore the new calling feature opt-in and if I do opt-in the app continually force closes. Unusable.
Rubbish. You absolutely must have a DIFFERENT piece of amazon tech to use the app.  What a pile of kaka
After the last update, my Echo Dot won't connect to the internet and the app won't even load the home screen. It is now an expensive paperweight. I'd recommend a different product.  UPDATE: the home screen works now. But, the app is still buggy and unresponsive, and won't connect to wifi. My echo dot is now a paperweight.
When you're shopping you used to be able to open the shopping list even though there was no internet. Now, the app just closes and complains there's no internet. Kind of makes shopping list useless!
Doesn't work on my Moto G5, "not supported". Bummer because I love it at home.
It's good for me personally.... But the maps( regarding places of work etc) really need to be more accurate and updated  It doesn't even recognise where I work,,, which is a stately home... Pretty poor really.
A perfect companion for the Echo devices.  The command routine should be revised.  When given a command,  the echo executes the command then responds with  okay.  The subroutines should be changed so the device responds with okay then executes the command given.
Cannot get it to work with mobile phone just keeps saying contacts not found..
I'm talking to Amazon... It doesn't play different music on other devices.. Plays clean versions.. This is very disappointing. I'm thinking of selling my devices.
App was fine till they ruined it with the dumb mandatory set up of alexa to alexa voice chat. NO ONE CARES about this dumb feature...it's called a phone.
This app keeps telling me my password is incorrect, but I know it isn't. I've even reset it 3 times. Still the same response
The echo lost a lot of it's functionality when YouTube was pulled.  The app itself is mediocre at best.  Drop in feature is nice and the synced shopping list, but both are glitchy.
Product is cool.  App is awful! Not intuitive at all. It's impressively bad
This is the worst app I have on my phone. Every time I try to open it it takes ages. I have to close it and try again, sometimes 3 times. The shopping list is useless as it never opens when I'm at the supermarket.
Ever since it updated l cant do anything with the app or my echo dot....RUBBISH
New update with contacts integration crashes when access to contacts granted. Totally unusable. Please fix ASAP. Have removed  reinstalled and even reset phone
Can't setup my echo to be able to control my fire stick  Its driving me nuts and alexa keeps referring to this app no info or help here though
I don't know what Amazon did with the app, but after 5 months when I try to configure echo dot it never freaking connects! Now the device is just a piece of brick sitting on my table. I'm returning this useless device and going for Google devices.
Terribly slow, slowing down my whole phone. Also really intrusive. What if I don't want you to have access to my contacts? I'm not interested in echo calling.
This app is so slow and worthless! Can't even go through the setup. Should of tried this app before wasting my money on the echo
My echo dot works great with this
Love the calling feature now. While I'm at work I can drop in on my echo and speak to my daughter. Very clear and easy to use
Very slow app. More over inspite Alexa is been launched in India this app does not have the option to select English (India).
Not just another gadget!  Very useful everyday!
Despite it being UK calling enabled for the last two versions I still can't do voice calling with it...
Helps keep my echo running smooth
Stellar. I have Alexa integrated with my Sonos system and it's super.
Wonky on connect.
Hughes
Baaaad Jeff Bezos,  baaaad!
Absolute rubbish, doesn't understand  anything relevant, location is difficult to set up, it feels like it is just data gathering and to get any real benefit i need to purchase other accounts.
Very clever , fantastic sound quality , dosent always connect first time.
Slow and buggy since update.
This is a good concept and I know it works, but it doesn't even do anything when you ask it. I don't have an echo or tap but I expect it to work out of the box.
After new update, the now playing screen won't show. Doesn't show player or volume icon.
I can turn off or on my light with alexa
History won't not let me delete them it keeps coming up loading failed please sort it out
A little clunky trying to find where things reside in the app, and sometimes you can't find them
It's been excellent so far but Alexa is saying half her sentances. Hope this improves.
b'????????????????????????????????????????????????'
I love the setup and layout of this app.
Would be nice if the app world load my settings, two days and uninstall and it's still rubbish
It doesn't consistently connect to the servers. I always get "try again later"
Can't understand anything because the app is in Chinese.
New update with contacts integration crashes when access to contacts granted. Totally unusable. Please fix ASAP. Have removed  reinstalled and even reset phone
Love it. But it could do with a search function for music on the app while on music unlimited.
This app is really good but I can't seem to find the Your Voice section under Accounts.....any help would be appreciated!?
Brilliant  don't  know how I managed before I got my each dot 2 gen. P-)
Can't link echo to dish reciever
Phone comes with Alexa but not able to perform certain tasks like send text message or make calls
its useless without Amazon device.
There is no guidelines for configuring Echo for use in India even after the launch
Location stuck to UK..not letting me change. No helpline number. No help.
Been extremely buggy lately. Locks up when trying to setup a new device. Screen goes blank randomly. This is on an LG G6
Echo dot is useless it will not control my fire tv!!! It will only respond one in a while so not worth the money!!!
Rubbish app stop working and can't get it to restart. Amazon Echo ain't much use without it.
App is okay but tricky to set up the Alexa
I'd really like the ability for Alexa to "ask Vivint to contact emergency services"!!
The shopping list won't load offline so no good if your in Sainsburys and can't connect, won't even connect using data on.
Trash app that always crashes
5 stars to 1 now, Latest update is very annoying, keeps asking me to setup up phone, I have no intention of using this feature on this app.
It's ok.. Not the best at answering simple questions. And not too good with background noise.! Find myself yelling often when using. When using the app I have to spend more time looking for what I need than I should. Please make a little simpler.
Slow clunky app; little bit dumb device.
App is ok, but if will be implemented in future real Alexa and you can speak with your Alexa in your house will be fantastic
Finally Drop-in made it to Germany now I'm very happy with my Alexa ... Late but happy :)
Great fixture in my home.  I mainly use it to play music, but there are so many things you can do with it.  And they are adding new things all the time.   Keep up the great work.
I so love my Echo. The only reason I didn't give it all starts is because I would love if it gave me the option to play my Google play music app. These two being together would make my world. Please try adding that soon.
With the latest update it crashes on all Android devices. Lagy and slow. Very slow. Did I say not usable?
Latest update crashes!  Just updated the app but now it crashes and closes as soon as it is opened.
This Echo dot is possibly the worst bit of kit that I have ever bought I would never ever recommend this not even to my worst enemy. Do not purchase this ever. I do not want flashing lights all the time and there seems to be no way of turning them off. Also it would be nice to be able to change the name from Alexa or computer but to be able to choose a name of my choosing. One more thing it would be nice to be able to go into the app without having recommendations . All I want are the settings but have to go through pages of rubbish that have no interest to me it's a complete pain.
What is the poiny of this app? I use it only is I need to add new device to echo.  Alexa is wee bit of waste of money.  I can only play radio and let her play day news
Tried 80 times to reset the password but everytime it's refusing access. You'd better smarten up if you want to sell me more echo stuff.
Hughes
Update October 2017  I did eventually get it going, but now I've changed WiFi, can I reconnect? Can I heck. Almost a year later and it's still as bad as it ever was. Don't ever buy anything branded by Amazon, they are just idiots...   Half an hour of watching various little circles go round I have finally connected to the wi-fi, but can't do anything else. Why is this so amateurish?
Can't get Alexa to find my contacts to call them. Very confusing
After spending 10 minutes with this app, I have no idea what it is actually is for. There are a few options to configure Alexa at an account level, but that's about it.
Absolutely horrible since last update. Won't let me connect to my WiFi. Every other device does in my house so it's this app that's not working properly. Please sort it out. I'm not at all happy like most of the other reviewers.
The app is indispensible but poorly engineered and implied. Buggy and poorly synchronized with other apps in the Amazon constellation ( eg. you can't switch back and forth between audible on your phone and audible on Alexa without losing your place).
Good app.
b"Used to love this app &amp; the Echo BUT now it has been just problem after problem!! With updates from phone to app, it doesn't stream my music/radio anymore!! ?? What's the deal??!"
Wish you could choose what page you wanted the app to open too. I would like to open the Alexa app and have it show my Shopping List.
Don't like the current version of the app. It appears to FORCE you to use the new calling and messaging in the uk. Can't see any way of bypassing this irratating update. App is now useless to me.
Unusable. Stops working every time I try to use. Never has a problem logging into Alexa before when it was web based.....now they have broken it!
Slow and unfriendly interface. Why does setting up a reminder take like 75 taps?
Completely unusable since 'conversations' update... Crashes on start, reinstalling has no change.
HELP: since updating this app today, I now cannot sign in. It keeps telling me my password is incorrect (it isn't). Despite changing the password many times, and being able to log into Amazon, I still can't log into Alexa app. Can anyone help me?
Alexa app crashes after setting up UK calling. Android 7.1.2
Very cheaply built. Very slow and laggy. Frequently automatically logs out from yhe app. No clear way to use Echo in English in Germany. Switching content account to USA is one option but I loose access to all my prime content in Germany.
Good UI, poor UX, can be glitchy, skills definitely need a lot of improvement as they're largely gimmicky.
This app constantly freezes. Very, very poor performance?.
Would be perfect if I could tell alexa what music to play via this app.  I pay 3.99 for the echo plan but sometimes it's too hard to get the thing to understand you.  Search and play here would be great.
Features are not showing up like calling out from the echo dot.  Many others are having the same problem.
I find the app frustratingly slow, often fails to load the webview, often doesn't update the with media playing on an Echo device. Because of the unbelievable slowness and too often issues I just find this app almost useless. The echo devices are so great themselves that these issues are even that much worse.
Lame
Can't get past the screen wanting me to sign up for voice calls and messaging so Amazon can suck up all my contacts details without their knowledge or consent. This should be illegal, taking others people's details without their knowing. I am so angry with Amazon I'm thinking of  cancelling my Prime membership and never buying from them again.
It's great
Love it!!
I love it.
Love it
Instead of rushing to get calling integrated into Alexa maybe you should get the music services working in a way users want? There are other aspects of this app that need upgrading before trying to force in app calling on us.
The Echo is great with new for the UK  calling &amp; messaging service which works well
The App has vastly improved over the last six months so I have gone from giving it two stars to four stars.
I see Amazon Echo as a device for the next level of intellectual technology. As Amazon expands with other companies to make the Echo usful for talking to more devices. Not everyone can hook up to Alexa yet. This disadvantages those that do have Alexa. I bought the Fire stick believing that Alexa and the stick would talk to my TV like I saw on the Dish Network commercial. Amazon please make Alexa work with all HDTV by developing access or devices without having to by all these pieces. I believe Alexa or any communication device that creates a smart atmosphere is the future. I can see this technology, as it it develops, being present everywhere even in automobile.
It's ace!! I love it .  Great that you can ask Alexa anything. Plays music, says good morning, sings a song and will even tell me a dodgy joke or two.
Since last update can't play any music /radio through Alexa app or by voice to my echo what is going on
Help......can't even get passed excepting the terms of use. Just says can't connect to cloud????
The app is almost unusable and never loads. It's a shame because the Alexander is a great product but Amazon hasn't focused on the companion app enough and makes the whole experience frustrating and difficult to use. Please improve support on the app and make it work to make the most of the alexa.
App works in premise, but needs a lot of work. The option to adjust the volume is not to my liking, it's very cumbersome and I have to make several adjustments to get it right. Don't even get me started on Alexa not understanding basic commands.
Finally got calling and messaging in the UK after waiting ages. Worth the  l o n g  wait.
Amazon echo is hands down the best device out there!
We are worthy or equal in the UK Where's the intercom features for the UK Now available works great
Amazon keeps adding features to the amazon echo device love love
I don't know how I lived 68 years without Alexa in my life. I have 2 Dots. One in the living room and one in the sunroom. We use them as intercom. I use her to make my phone calls. I drop in on friends with Alexa. I turn lights on and off with Kasa TP Link plugs. A must have.
I use an LG V10 and its a pretty good phone. That said, the app does nothing! No scores, no news, I can't ask it about the weather. I love Amazon but c'mon guys you can at least make this work on my V10 which runs Nougat.
Great love my Alexa's, but why can't we have an alarm that wakes you up to radio still??? Come on and get this much sort after feature implemented please!
Crashed non-stop
So many useless features. It's really just a novelty unless you can afford to kit out your entire home with Hue or Nest products. The features that are useful, such as playing Spotify, are so basic that it's easier to just use the app on your phone. Better interaction with different dialects is a must.
great but needs better ability to search for music
App is too big and cannot be moved to SD card. Please enable moving to SD card.
Love it.
I  love it.
I love this. Period
Can you do calls/text using this? I don't have the speech bubble in the middle on home page to start this? Also I want to easily connect to the TV so Alexa can change channels and play Netflix on my TV. When is this going to become available?
Love it
Whoopee now we can call love Amazon
Wonderful, marvelous!
Wish you could choose what page you wanted the app to open too. I would like to open the Alexa app and have it show my Shopping List.
b'Why are we 6 months behind the US with new features? ??'
b'A great everyday device and learning all the time! ??'
Doesn't allow login with Spotify
Great app, works as I expect and interfaces easily with my connected devices.
Pretty helpful as far as apps go. Couple of things need to happen though. Needs a volume widget option. I cant seem to find one. More importantly the list function needs help i shoild be able to make multiple shopping lists for things. Grocery car household ect. Should be able customize that. In addition i should be able to tell it to add a group of things and have them show up as individual items. So i need eggs cheese bred milk. All in one sentence finally i want it to automatically group things at least by hot and cold items but even better if it could recognize delli meat produce ect.  Do that and 5 stars all day. Needs a little work yet on voice recognition but pretty good.
Well it doesn't look like a native app and seems it runs a website beneath and is slow. The echo device is great once setup. But the setup process is too painful and annoying. During setup at times it just doesn't recognize wifi networks. If I change my wifi passpord, running the whole setup is too difficult. The app ( or rather the website undeneath app ) also gets unresponsive sometimes in few setup screens, specially after the app connects to echo and it shows a 'Continue' button which doesn't respond. EDIT: I got a new echo Dot and setup is hung up on step showing 'Attempting to connect to echo dot'. The phone got connected to the dots WiFi but nothing happens in setup process. Setup is just too painful.
seems ok now,
Still no option to search for songs or artists in Amazon Music. Only reason why I tried it out is because I'm waiting on everywhere playback to support Spotify.
Use my 3 Echo's daily. New app version definitely slower. Should allow basic phone dialing without having to put my phone number in cloud. Privacy issue. No one's busy if I have Alexa or not. Should be user configurable.
Doesn't respond to anything I say.
does not recognise Scottish Accent
Just... Let me use the Website on my phone, okay? It's way better than this crappy app
Good so far. Has room for improvement.
Hard to use.... Every time I back to the prior menu it backs to the top and you gonna find the selections again. It takes forever to reconnect and set up the WiFi to Alexa... Long story to short, I heat it!!!
Clunky app. The main thing I use the echo for is music but there is no good search function in the Alexa app. Unsure why the music interface can't just be the same as the Amazon music app. Sometimes buggy when trying to set up the device and have to start over.
Still holding off updating based on the consistently poor reviews. What is wrong with you Amazon, can't you just use some of that tax money you've avoided paying and get this thing sorted or you'll have another Google convert. Previous review: Painfully slow to launch and needs to relaunch after a short time when not in use. Some buttons on the app do absolutely nothing, like/dislike music for example. Sluggish performance when moving between different sections. Not a well thought out interface for communication. I would instantly uninstall but you need this app for certain tasks.
I like using Alexa but I really want to use the list function more effectively. I don't understand why we don't have the option to have more than one list. Could it be that Amazon fears we might buy something from somewhere else besides Amazon?  Also, the list does not put enough items on a page (too much whitespace).  Deleting items should be done by checking boxes and then clicking a single delete button.  Why do we have to click each item two times?
Overall Alexa and I have a love/hate relationship. Voice recognition can be hit and miss, it needs some work before it's completely outclassed by competitors. One of the biggest shortcomings is the sporadic ability to stream music from multiple Alexa devices on the same home network. Sometimes it works and other times it tells you that you can only stream on one device at a time. The idea of this device is amazing but the user experience is lacking.
Amazon blocked Free Pandora app and forced for paid Amazon Music Subscription instead. This is so greedy that after all you paid for the Echo almost $200.00.
Doesn't work with Pandora.  Keeps saying Pandora is not supported in my region even though I am in the US.  Called support and they got it linked but I can't manage Pandora.  App also is constantly crashing.
This app locks up at time has slow response doesn't matter if I'm using my data are Wi-Fi
App is horrible! Changing Wifi on Echo Dot through the app is a nightmare! And so are accessing other features in the app!
Terrible, Amazon what are you doing, Alexa device is amazing. This app is absolutely terrible, we need to go back in time and use the original app, that was good.
App freezes for the simplest tasks like turning on an alarm. Useless.
Does what it needs too, I've had no issues, wish we had the voice option in the app like other countries but I'm sure it will be released soon
Every time I try to agree to the terms and conditions upon my first time of using the app, it doesn't allow me and always tells me, "Unable to connect to the cloud. "
Does not work onmy samsung tablet. I downloaded about 1 month ago and everything worked great but now it wont load at all.
This is an excellent device, easy to use and provides a great variety of services.  I cannot do individual people but it does give great answers to the questions you ask.  I really enjoy Alexa's ability to read from your library.
Features work fine however there is no in-app search for Amazon Music Unlimited, only a list of artists and the music added to your music. Surely this defeats the point of including the Music Unlimited functionality in the app?
Terrible! Keeps telling me it's offline even though I'm connected. Slow! Shopping List is erratic. I have a Show, Dot, and two Echos and love them. Why is this app so bad?!
Absolute rubbish. Cannot get past continue it says cannot connect to cloud. stuff the cloud I just wanted to see what skills I had.
Force-closes after being open for 19 seconds.  Can't drop in on our Echo device.  Will have to roll back to v1.0 just so I can use the application's other features.
Needs improvements, both my cell phones not fully compatible and had to use a friends phone to setup Echo so cant sync my echo to my contacts, make it fully featured for All samsung android tablets and /devices
Super slow.  Constantly freezes. Alarm page hardly ever works without freezing. Bing search engine sucks. Can only find new music samples. Skills are limited.  Im interested to see if the Google home has more to offer.
It's unresponsive and unusable. Not the voice stuff, like the buttons on the app don't work so you can't even set up your device. What a joke.
Cant get it work this week.  I have had to reset the device, run setup twice a day.  Was working until this month.
I had no problems with the app, but as new features are introduced to Alexa, the app hasn't improved alongside. The grouping setting does not work at all. As soon as I try to give a name to the group, the app crashes out. Have reported fault with no response or fix.
The app is terrible on android. Very rarely works. Not what you expect from Amazon who usually offer a strong customer experience.
Should be rather better by now especially with respect to understanding requests. Not supporting Google search or translation is a HUGE limitation. Should it not just do what you tell it?
Does not seem to work with pixel. It worked fine with my galaxy, but with my pixel Phone and android 8 it will not connect to the dot at all. I've tried everything and I can not get them to recognize each other, stay connected and work. Guess it's time to get a Google home
Editing an item in the shopping list is ridiculously hard. It really only allows you to delete the whole section. It should be a lot easier to delete a word.
The app is terrible as a remote. It can't easily switch between devices. Only thing it's good for is setting up devices
Difficult to use.  Loading All Artists makes this app unusable.  Voice commands?  Just try to get her to play Pop Muzik by M.  Or the album In Visible Silence by Art of Noise.  Alexa has no clue what you're trying to ask her.  Almost not worth the trouble of the $3.99/mo. Amazon Music subscription. Definitely Artificial Ignorance!
This app is garbage. Did not work well. Hopefully it's being improved
All we can get it to do is give weather when it connects.   Have it set for thermostat and says can't do mystery stories say can't do can't figure out how to do music. I ask for help get read this. If anyone can help please do
Use my 3 Echo's daily. New app version definitely slower. Should allow basic phone dialing without having to put my phone number in cloud. Privacy issue. No one's busy if I have Alexa or not. Should be user configurable.
This is the most unintuitive app I've ever used. For example: why are there multiroom music settings under smart home? And why is the multi room music feature so difficult to use. Like I should be able to switch to multi room or single room while playing from the app. Also why do groups show up as devices of their own if you can't do anything with them from the app.  Like terrible design all around
Slow and unstable.  As much as I love the Echo, this app is beyond useless for music.  The search capabilities are non-existent if you're looking for something in particular.
Eats up battery. Not sure why this app have to run during screen off and consume more than 30%. Echo maybe good, but the app is crappy, might have to remove.
Useless battery killer! Shopping list never opens, just keeps trying to load causing extreme battery drain. For example, my wife and I just went grocery shopping. Prior to going in, we both attempted to open the shopping list on our phones. Neither of use could get it to work. It loaded for a sec on my phone then disappered. We tried opening it several more times while in the store then gave up. It made my wife's phone overheat and shut off. My phone got very hot and battery went from 84% to 34% all in about 30mins. This app has never been great but we use to be able to get the shopping list to open after a couple mins of trying.
"Unable to reach the cloud". If this is what happens when I setup, don't really know what to expect later. Never ever had any issue with my google home.
Doesn't seem to actually be Alexa. Was expecting to be able to voice search and control, however I get the option to "just use the Alexa app" and nothing happens when I click on it. Disappointing.
Recent version is very slow. Few features.  Confusing "skills" section.  Needs work. Amazon are going to lose out to competitors if this the best they can offer. Feels like it is not fully developed.
Ewww not actliy the calling part my newmew veses that much not one time anything is norel now days. The music player we already had we have anything
This frigging app keeps crashing,  and the echo dot is going back in the morning!!!!
Cant edit device settings with keypad on note 8 running 7.1.1. Keypad can send logs
It's alright. Could do with a widget for my phone screen. Also Amazon music needs to be integrated better within the app. Still can't use the amazon music app to access playlist through Alexa.
Wow, this is a bad app. Rarely works. Just sit watching a blank screen.
Dont buy the echo. Everyone has a problem hooking it up. They are junk
Had to put I a credit card for some trivia. The most stupid thing.
Why can't I download the updated version to be able to make calls?
My whole experience with echo dot is terrible.  Lies in drawer now.
Everytime I open this app, it asks to add friends and family to call and message. I don't want to use this feature. Can you make this go away?
Does what it needs too, I've had no issues, wish we had the voice option in the app like other countries but I'm sure it will be released soon
Totally useless, I couldn't even activate the voice assistant,  a shame to I wanted to control amazon music from my bluetooth headset.
It degraded my S8 performance. Uninstalled it and my phone returned it's fast response time.
Rubbish what if u don't have an Amazon account some people don't it's stupid don't download no use
Puke.  Might have enjoyed this in elementary school... Maybe
Doesn't do what it claims at this point?  Wouldn't support managing the apps it said it would, couldn't voice talk to Alexa, did, well... Nothing
This apps used to work now it sucks keeps crashing stops working constantly Amazon you're screwing up fix it
Unable to leave a skills review - keyboard pops up and blocks my view of headline and review so I'm not able to see/verify what I'm typing. Please fix.
Great app but only 4* until you update it with the conversation bubble so we can use drop-in and Wi-Fi calling echo to echo
I like the app however my history seems to be full and I can't delete items. I have to find my last item played all over instead of it being in the history. How can i delete history?
Is it just in the US where you can call friends via Alexa? When are we getting this function in the UK?
shockingly bad app for what is intended to work with Alexa. loads slow, lags, hangs. rubbish.
Memory hog. Seems useless except for setup of echo. Uninstalled
b"Thought this was a standalone app, but seems it needs to connect with an Echo device. But i don't have this. Hmm, guess I'll just stay with Google. Sorry Amzn....??"
Alexa calling doesn't work in UK with the android version. No conversation tab.
I find you have to know all the prompts to work. So you need to always look at your app to get where you want to go. Hopefully Amazon can correct this and Future
The UI on this app is terrible. The phone's back button doesnt take you back but opens something random. To set reminders, i have to press the time about 3 times before i get the time dialog. Too many other issues to list. Very surprised with Amazon.
Can't even connect to my echo. Pointless
Removing app because I cannot use my 3rd party calendar now without alexa app requiring me to sign in. I don't need that kind of hassle.
A poor excuse for an app typical amazon a massive corporation that has rested on its laurels no looking at reviews and implementing things a simple search button for music is a must what's the point of having millions of songs if you can't search for it individually without having to ask it.
Connection keeps going down and says my device is not connected to the internet when it is.
Messaging does not work on Amazon Fire Phone.  How hard is it to import your own address book Amazon?  Support your own hardware...
Simply the best, how did I manage without Alexa. First was a present now I have two, all my lights work with it and most of the plug sockets...
What's happened? Since the last updates - android and iPhone - the app on both my phone and tablet is completely unusable.
The app won't let me pass the option to set up Messaging and Calling. Then you have to agree to new terms. I don't want to use the app that way and your forced to.
App doesn't load properly it is a white screen with two nonworking buttons
<span dir="rtl">??? ?????? ??? ??????? ?? ????? ???? ???????? ????? ????? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ???? ???? ? ??? ???? ?? ??? ???? ?????? ????? ??? ???? ????????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ??? ?? ??????? ????? . ????? ?? ???? ??? ??????? ?????? ???? ??????? ???? ????????? ???
Drop in is not working. Says I'm unavailable even after enabled on both my contact and the other contact.
For some reason it always shuffles the unlimited tracks with no option to play the music in any other order, I would like to listen to my music in my order. There's no search function either.
It's a good app and easy to use but I do think there are some areas they could improve it such as in the recommendations for skills etc. Over all though I still think it is a good and worthwhile app
Do not make me join your messaging gimmick.
Cant edit device settings with keypad on note 8 running 7.1.1. Keypad can send logs
Does everything I was hoping it would do. Super easy to setup, easy to use, and (music) sounds great.
Finally available in Canada !
The UI could use a make over. Would be nice if there was a widget for Alexa.
App is not working  on my phone
No Drop-In on Asus tablet running Android 7
All good, where is the drop in icon, mine is not showing between the home and equaliser icon??????
b"Does what it says on the tin. I love the multiroom music once you've paired 2 dots on the same network ??"
The app doesn't install on the HTC m8 despite having reset it. And installing all updates. Nor in the Amazon app store.
App is appalling and incredibly confusing
Slowest response time ever, takes a solid minute just to set an alarm
The app doesn't want to search for new devices anymore after its latest update
Not bad, but would love the ability to control things like canceling alarms via the app
Alexa is A very good app but I did have some issues with setting it  up
Awaiting the messaging update. Not sure when it will arrive - Amazon, any clue?
If you press on just use the alexa app nothing happens
It's ok. Could be better. But upgrade to be able to make calls is on its way !!
I love my Alexa and echo I even use it in the car with my data from my phone
No response from Alexa at all.
Very bad and annoying
The app is too slow. Needs to be more responsive
It's not the most recent version that allows calling and messaging.
Doesn't let you select mobile use only
Constantly wants to set up. Never actually loads. Samsung Galaxy S7
Just didn't work as a phone app.
b'This app has good control and settings to make it more functional for me. It also helped me learn more of her functions!! ??'
Alexa is brilliant but the app is really really slow
Hangs on setup of WiFi for echo dot.
Deezer support, please. PlayStation 4 support of some kind also please.
Love my Alexa so much, I now have three of them. I recommend them for anyone who has a busy life and needs help.
I was quite happy with my echo at home. Now at Uni and the echo doesn't support WPA2 enterprise networks. Needs to be added.
The app is really slow
Setup instructions are sketchy.  Lots of trial and error.  Ugh.
I love Alex's. It gets better and better.
Unable to reach the cloud ?
One major bug: you cannot loop a song in Amazon Alexa through the app.
Its so slow on my phone
Won't load on Samsung s5. Just does the animation but nothing progresses
Just uninstalled and reinstalled Alexa app and I still do not have "routines"
Amazing app!
Excellent
Out of all of the voice-controlled assistants, Alexa has to be the most useless. At least Siri has a sense of humor. Even the quality of "skills" is fairly low. It's useful for experimenting with as a coder. But hardly useful as an assistant, unless you just want it as an alarm clock or light switch.
I have used this app for about a year. You can certainly tell by the reviews the fan base out there, mine is better than yours. In our house we use Siri Google and Alexa so I think I can give an unbiased review. None are perfect but neither are any useless. we tend to use Alexa more because we have prime. The app takes my shopping list, organises my calendar plus allows me to control lights, heating, security and more. It is installed on several android devices and performs differently on each one . It is not perfect but is always evolving. It is definitely fit for purpose.
I just wanted to thank you for getting the echo to control the element fire tv. It wasn't able to at first and I was so upset. But now that it does, much happier about my tv. Just wish the usb was able to read my flash drive. Only down fall so far. Thanks again
This app is only on my phone because it is required by my Echo Dot. I can not edit reminders without it bugging out and not letting me type text or change the date/time. It often doesn't load and says I have no internet when I have full wifi signal and every other service requiring internet on my phone is up and working. If this app didn't have so many bugs, it would be sooooo much better!! Please fix and I will rate higher!!!!
Very nice
Its good but calling features is not available
I love my Alexa and echo I even use it in the car with my data from my phone
Oh boy,  you  can use this app to setup Alexa and that's it.  As for Alexa, you can skip the purchase. Go with google home!  Bought three Alexas to control lights.  That barely works!  What ever you ask,  Alexa won't know. Surprisingly google will.  Try to setup family account (2 kids), can't do it (not supported). Voice recognition is horrible,  but better than Ford sync. Waste of time and money
Love it got it with my thermostat
Love it
I can forgive the errors on the voice recognition on echo as it's relatively new but the app is shockingly poor. It offers friends to type in so you can customise your settings but the ok or submit buttons are never enabled so you have no way of customising it at all. One of the most basic requirements of an app and it doesn't work!
b'????????'
Awsome
Used to love this app. Now it's useless. Everything in the music section tells me.this app doesn't support. So i can't see who's playing...I can't see stations. It's extremely annoying..I can't see anything on the home screen either. I literally have no idea why this app.is required now
Really good app I do reccomend it
Was working great. Then app only showed the home tab and the media tab, but they were blank. I could not get to any other section. I am currently trying to uninstall it, but this far it's still uninstalling after 10 minutes. Hopefully a reinstall will fix problems.
Useful
Main echo is pretty good and they seem to be coming out with more features...   After owning this for over a year it randomly turns on or just starts talking for no reason. Voice commands are sometimes great other times almost impossible - I see little logic to why.   I made a poor decision in purchasing 2 echo dots. Neither one will work after troubleshooting both for literally hours each.   Waste of money waste of time.
Oversold and underdelivered.
You are great!
Very cool
Very slow.
Won't load.  Needs improvement .  Love my echo though
Good
Too soon to tell
App was ok before, not the best but was working at least. Since update to Oreo it force closes when I try to modify alarms. The Oreo developer window started a while ago, I have a hard time understanding how Amazon didn't check to make sure basic functions work in the new environment. How did this not get tested or even detected during basic debugging? I'll update my review when you update the App you require customers to use for the device they bought from you.
Love it
Uhhh good and PERFECT I guess
I used to love this app... I use my Alexa mostly for listening to music. I used to be able to control the volume &amp; music selection from the app, which was awesome. I'd just put the Alexa in my window and could work outside without having to go in to make changes to her. I could select music while floating in my pool.  But now it just says "app support unavailable" which, for me, make this app completely useless.
Excellent app that does what it is expected to do
Will not install
It works just fine for me
Can't get past terms and conditions
Works great with all my Alexa Devices. Especially great for streaming music.
Alexa is ok, I much prefer Google home.
Helps run Alexa
It's retarded
Not bad
Well, the app refused to work and would lock up until I gave it access to my contacts which I finally did.  Now I don't understand why it lets you group devices for playing music but only lets each device belong to one group.
Since downloading the current update, I have lost all control and updating of my device info via the app. It has ruined my dot which was very useful before. Come on Amazon, pull your finger out, people are investing good money in to your products which are now far less useful!
Cant send messages or make calls from contacts. If you want echo to do that then the people your contacting have to have this app too. Cant get it to record messages like on the commercials either. App is quite useless.
Not great to be honest. Struggles to recognise voice often and repeats something absolutely different that sounds in no way similar to what you say. It will also start speaking randomly when not being used. Usually at least 10 second delay between request being confirmed and the song/radio station coming on. Wish I'd bought Google device instead.
Lov my alexa it's great for turning my lights on an off an playin my favourite songs... It's a most hav for any gadget person.... Only thing I find not good is that USA alexa has more things like the calling feature and other things UK are always last to get things.... Plus I want the NEW amazon alexa show...... But can't cause it's not out here yet...... But is in the USA...... Ggggrrrrrr.......
Crashes when making groups for multi room music. Seriously, did you test it? Amazon marketing is busy sending out emails about this "great new feature" but the devs dropped the ball. Did the interns do this commit and build?
I keep expecting an update that will address how slow this app opens, runs, and responds. Until the slowness issues are addressed I can't give it more than 3 stars.
App has updated and wants me to join the friend/family call/message system. Don't need unwanted calls or messages on Alexa especially since once it is set up, you can't turn it off or block anyone.
I love amazon and expected good things but Alexa is really disappointing. She can barely answer any questions OK Google is so much better! When I don't want to speak to Alexa because someone is sleeping but I want to put some quiet music on there's no search function for Amazon unlimited music WTF!??? There's an AtoZ of like thousands of artists that takes ages to loads and god forbid you want to listen to an artist beginning with Z. You might be the a year trying to find it!! Plough some of those dodged tax  into giving us a better experience please!
You can no longer use the app at all without signing up for Alexa calling, which I don't want to do. I'll probably delete the app and if my Alexa ever becomes unable to function without it, I'll just unplug it permanently. Thanks for the paperweight, Amazon.
Not sure why so many bad reviews. Seems a lot of reviews are on the device itself and not the app. 2 totally different things. Once paired you really don't need the app. App works great and always has same with the echo itself. Never had 1 issue. It understands me 99.9% of the time the other .1% is because either the tv is too loud but not the device itself. Someone was talking carp about searching music. Just say a name of a song or artist and it will be played. I think most reviews are due to user error and not the device. Sure the app could use a little work but for the most part it works flawlessly. Easy to find skills and set alarms, add more devices and link my smart home devices. I don't know why people say it's hard to connect to WiFi because it is the easiest device I've ever hooked up to my wifi. Its never lost connection either. Only when the power has gone out but as soon as it's back on so is alexa. I have over 70 devices paired with the app and alexa has not once messed up when giving a command to lock a door or turn on a light. I would definitely recommend it over Google home any day.
I rate all apps with useless changelogs 1 star. Want a better rating? Put what you change in the changelogs.
Needs to be updated. When video calling in the echo show, the audio is routed through the ear piece instead of the speakerphone. Not very convenient when you have to hold it in front of your face.
My Alexa has not worked since the app updated. The app is useless on my S7. I can't set alarms or anything on it. I use to love my Alexa... not anymore. She has quit working.
Disappointed.... STILL not got the updates that the Yanks have had for ages!.. No changes from the last update really..
Not bad, not great. Limited functionality. Can't listen to my Audible ebooks on the Echo. Very bland interface. Could be so much more. Customer services is the worst I've ever experienced. Save yourself a couple of hours of your life and don't ring them for help.
Unbelievably useless. Can't check things as simple as tide times or local traffic. In order to check traffic you have to set as a commute, hardly time saving I can use maps for that! Hopefully it'll improve. I'll check back in a year or so......
This app is quite bad. It's unconscionably slow. Initial load times are slow. Opening the now playing is slow. Everything takes ages, are we sure it's 2017 and I'm on a high end device?  Additionally, functionality is not what it should be. Why is playing Amazon's own music service so hard? Sometimes Alexa doesn't understand me and I want to play a specific song or album from Amazon Music Unlimited - you can't, apparently it's just radio and popular. What on Earth and I paying for this service for then? Spotify gives you full control of Alexa music from the app.   Also while the new whole home audio festure is welcome, it's still lacking. I need to be able to submit a device into multiple groups. I have five echos. Maybe I want a group for my upstairs echos, my downstairs echos, and a whole home option? Can't do that. Silly.
Used to be amazing but had really come to junk. Every time i go to my settings it just loads forever! So annoyed! You'd think with growing pressure from Google Home and others that Amazon would step up their game. Time to try the competition.
This app is appalling. How can the app for such a good voice assistant be so slow and buggy? The app is literally unusable 90% of the time.
Worked fine in the beginning. Now I can't even open the app. It says there is a certificate error and I need to update Chrome. My Chrome is already updated, so not sure what it needs.
The app is not verifying the phone number when setting up the call and message feature. It keeps saying an error occurred.
Oh boy,  you  can use this app to setup Alexa and that's it.  As for Alexa, you can skip the purchase. Go with google home!  Bought three Alexas to control lights.  That barely works!  What ever you ask,  Alexa won't know. Surprisingly google will.  Try to setup family account (2 kids), can't do it (not supported). Voice recognition is horrible,  but better than Ford sync. Waste of time and money
Please support recurring reminders or allow us to name an alarm.  Also main page is conversation.  I don't want this.  I should be able to choose a default screen or dismiss the message you are providing.
This app has a full page pop up for message and voice calling. Unless you give it access to this it will not go away and you cannot do anything else. This makes the app useless.
I love this! I play games, make grocery lists, set alarms, timers and reminders. There is still so much I haven't even activated yet. Next it will be to download books to Audible so she can read to me.
One star because the app crashes whenever a drop-down is selected. Nexus 6p, running Oreo, can't even contact support in the app because it uses drop-downs and causes there crash.  One that is fixed, it's a four star app for controlling your Echo's
I love my Alexa. I hate this app. It crashes too much and it just uses confusing verbiage. Trying to enable multiple room music... And it crashes when I try to name the group.
Buggy, slow and sadly a requirement if you own an Echo. Hopefully Amazon will spend some time on actually fixing this app. It is bad on all platforms.
Edit: Since the last update, I haven't been able to send any feedback. It works OK once it actually decides to load. Or I should say, it basically works. Little things often seem to be breaking, like if something set your Echo off, you might want to know what, but often it won't register that I've clicked play on a voice clip. So yeah, mostly works except when it doesn't.
Needs to support multiple Spotify accounts (a different account per dot). Is super slow, and just stops working often.
I bought the alexa before the calling feature. Now it will not let me update the app without enabling that feature. That is Insane!!! I unistalled and gave the damn thing away.
Slow and clunky.  Poor search capabilities in Prime Music Unlimited.  Does many things, but sort of a hot-mess in UI and ease of accomplishing task.  Please keep working on it, Amazon, and focus on speed and simplicity.
Good app overall, HOWEVER, after the update to Android Oreo (8.0), the app "force closes" every time I attempt to modify an alarm time for one of my echo devices.   Please provide a fix, this is my primary alarm to wake up in the morning and I frequently need to modify the wake up time (yes I know I can ask Alexa to set a new alarm, but that just adds another alarm to a massive list)
Tried to give my echo to my boss and app is poorly made. basically useless. Had hard time reconnecting echo back to my device. App needs to be redone. Shouldn't have to be this difficult to connect a device. How can you lure new customers if it's hard to connect device when it should be easy.
Wow, this app has really gone downhill. A full 90 seconds to sync to my Dot? No volume control? "Your Dot is disconnected" while it's playing music..... really? Really? Great product. Embarrassingly bad app.
The feedback option is grayed out so how do you give feedback? I've had it for a few days and the novelty is wearing off.
I would have left a better review but it hasn't worked since the first time o used it. It starts up but then all it does is load......
Haven't updated, but very very laggy. Took 13gb of my mobile data overnight for no reason, while not being used. Disaster. But needed for some functions to work. Echo is (was) amazing, though recently not stopping when I ask. Grrr
Dear Amazon, I liked the app when it worked. Now it doesn't work. I don't like things that don't work especially if I've paid for something that is supposed to work. The app now doesn't even show info when loaded despite being reinstalled several times it just shows the home button and the other button at the bottom of the screen, everything else is blank. Google are giving away a free Google home with the release of the pixel 2 at the end of the month. It would be a shame to lose customers because your app doesn't work...
App won't set up my echo, wasted hours trying to get it working. Just going going to send it back and stick with my sonos play1
Since downloading the current update, I have lost all control and updating of my device info via the app. It has ruined my dot which was very useful before. Come on Amazon, pull your finger out, people are investing good money in to your products which are now far less useful!
It was horrible. I had to created an account and when I did every step right it didn't take the password i had just created.
Can't even connect it to Wi-Fi now. I'm pretty tech savvy, but in setup, once I connect my phone's Wi-Fi with Alexa, I can't get past the screen telling me to do so.
I I recently purchased an Echo  and I love it. Still going through all the skills it has and enjoying the ones I am discovering. One thing I'd like to see in this app, is a separate list of the skills that I have enabled so I can keep track of them better.
Could be a lot better utilising streaming unlimited to it's full potential as quite a few artists are not recognised by speech alone no matter how well spoken you are. A search facility and access to the desires music and it would be near perfect.
She doesn't seem to have an answer for anything I ask. It's frustrating. I end up having to ask Google anyway.
Just got a new phone. When I try to open the Alexa app it tells me that I need to update chrome... But chrome is already updated. none of my Amazon apps are functioning correctly and it is really frustrating.
Very slow when opening settings or skills, it takes minutes to open the menus. No contacts options. It can definitely be improved.
Idk what happened in the last update but playing music from Spotify over Bluetooth to Alexa from my Google Pixel is not a clear connection. It is very distorted and I'm right next to Alexa....
Love my echo but this app has lots of features missing in the UK. Why is the UK version so far behind the us app?. Keep on hearing in the press about all the great new features that have come but none of them are showing up on the UK version
Since the last few updates it constantly freezes. Can turn alarms on and off without it freezing and crashing when you pick and alarm time.  9/9/17- wow it's sad that am app revolving around the Amazon echo system is this buggy. You still cannot select and edit alarms without it freezing constantly. This happens on my brand new iPad as well as my year old android phone. App constantly crashes. Very poorly designed app.
When trying to link accounts like fitbit and Spotify to alexas skills via the app I found it impossible and had to do it on my laptop. It was literally only used to do the initial set up.
The app tells me to update Chrome, but Chrome is set to auto-update so should be up to date.  I even tried uninstalling Chrome and reinstalling updates.
The least efficient part of the Echo is the application. It takes several attempts to set and change the alarm clock from the application or I just give up because it's running dial up speeds slow.
Loved it before, would have given five stars, but now I can't use the app without being forced to redirect my voice mail to them, which I will never do.  If they don't provide a way to avoid the phone option soon, I'll just switch to Google home
Annoying thing are reminders, once completed it's still showing you edit option but it doesn't work. And this app is soooo slow
Unfortunately the app is sluggish, and not very well made for a device that is really all about the software. Becomes frustrating at times.
Clunky confusing interface. Would be enhanced if you added a search bar for specific albums you are looking for. That's a no brainer for the developers to fix. A back button should be added too instead of a home button
Please bring in an app update. I updated my phone a while back and now Alexa is giving me a hard time. I have the echo dot. I love her dearly but we need to understand each other. She's been with me since she was first released. If you improve the app i will give a better score.
Pretty useless on S7 :/ Voice commands still don't work after granting mic access and even training my voice is unsupported.. Soooo it doesn't do anything but voice, won't accept voice commands, but still uploads all my contacts? :/
Can you please send a updates out to fix that app I am trying to send you the feedback on the application but the feedback is not working I am having some problems with my Amazon.dark and I can't update I would like it to be a lot more easier to update
Used to work ok but since my phone upgrade to Oreo it keeps crashing and shutting down. Amazon you need to get a fix asap!!!!
Like many others, i downloaded this app since i was forced to inorder to operate alexa. It only takes a minute and a half to load every time i use it, and it is a very long search to find the right button whenever i want to find what song is playing. Good luck trying to set-up bluetooth connection. Recently it started asking to restart the installation process although nothing changed, and have had it installed since christmas. After i complete re-installation and it says my alexa is ready to use, it kindly starts the installation process all over again. Yep this app has opportunities for improvement.
I think this app works really well. I wish you could move the order of items in the lists and I wish you could edit an item in a list without completely retyping it.
Ever since i installed the latest update, i am not able to log in and use echo. I m not able to go past terms of use page. And i cant find any solution for the same.
Guys, it would be awesome if you guys added TIDAL as a music platform to link to Alexa! I really look forward to that so I hope it happens, will give you the 5 stars if it does!
This app has major problems, needs work, disconnects from Wi-Fi for no reason.
Does seem to be pretty slow and keeps freezing. It would be better if you could search for music - sometimes Alexa doesn't understand and it would be good if there was an alternative.
Great app. Would be better if you could make calls to people that didn't have Alexa. The AI could use some work, I look forward to more updates
Absolutely awful. When you go to set an alarm it freezes and crashes. Buggiest, worst coded app I have ever used. -LG V20
Upgraded my phone to android 8.0, now the app crashes when I try to make changes.  Otherwise, the app is fine. Fix it and I'll fix my rating.
Skills section has blank search results. Frustrating app to use
Would be even better with a widget for lists and voice activation.  I hate bixby
App crashes with Android Oreo when setting alarms. The one thing the app was good for no longer works.
Application is not giving proper support to control the hardware. It is not allowing to update anything on the app which makes it more irritating for the new users!!!
This app has the most buggs I've ever seen. Super dysfunctional!
Voice recognition is off the charts terrible. She does not understand anything in plain english.
App crashes constantly. When I try and change the wake word it crashes. When I try to enter the group name for multi speaker setup it crashes. Fix your app Amazon.
app crashes when I try to change wake word on android 8.0 on a pixel. fix and it'll get 5 stars.
Really disappointed that new features for conference calling etc not available in UK, this like being penalized for being British.
It crashes all the time and you can't get any alarm to set or even open without it freezing up
Everytime you access App it asks to set up device even though set up completed. Cannot manage skills and Amazon advises to uninstall / reinstall which does not work. I give up.
I wish I hadn't updated. It just keeps crashing and never fully opens.
Wait, I can't delete contacts? I can't disable calling? W. T. F. Huge privacy concern and oversight. NO I'M NOT GOING TO MANUALLY BLOCK 100+ PEOPLE!
App won't load properly so I cannot change my Alexa information
Since the last update the GUI has become very unstable
Recent update smashed the whole Discovery mechanism. I can't discover/forget devices, scenes in the smart home devices discovery.
Lack of search in music unlimited part leave frustration when voice recognition is not cooperating.
Cannot connect with Spotify. Gives a wrong (timeout) error message and has not been fixed by recent updates. Looks like they block this on purpose.
Idk what happened in the last update but playing music from Spotify over Bluetooth to Alexa from my Google Pixel is not a clear connection. It is very distorted and I'm right next to Alexa....
unable to move to SD card on android. once developers resolve I will raise rating.
This app is confusing me. It wont let me conmect my Echo dot to wifi. I don't know how to
I could not get this app to work for me I got a blank white screen
Huge lag in performance. Screen freezes while trying to make selection. Crashes when trying to make selections in settings.
when taping 'CONTINUE' on first use I get the message "Unable to connect to the cloud" I am clearly connected to the internet and the sign in was fine. Any ideas?
I just bought an Amazon Tap and went through the steps to connect it to wi-fi, but after the orange lights start blinking all I get is a blank settings screen. So, as far as I can tell, this app doesn't work. I've tried restarting the app and restarting the phone, power cycling the Tap. Nothing. Please help.
App keeps crashing when I try to change settings, like the device name or wake word. It also ironically crashed when I was trying to send feedback within the app.
Very slow app, no search facility Need to stop and relaunch daily
It's ok but why are we so behind the USA we need call function so we can call our friends. Crazy we all commit to amazon but get limited service.
Es wre schn, wenn man bei Amazon Music via app nach Knstlern suchen knnte
App crashes every time I try multiroom on Oreo
Just stopped working saying that music app not supported....stupid app
It's ok, but lacking so much functionality it's pretty pathetic. I expected more from Amazon
So many problems with Nougat and Oreo. Had to install on another phone to use it
This app has major problems, needs work, disconnects from Wi-Fi for no reason.
App works ok but Alexa still needs a lot of polish to its recognization capabilities.
The button to add items to shopping list doesn't work...
App crashes more times than Hilary Clinton looses Presidential races.
App crashes 100% of the time when I try and manage alarms. Pixel xl
Constantly crashes on start up, if I install a version before the new communication addition it works fine, please fix this! I used to rely on this as my go to shopping list and task tracker.
It connects to Alexa back end. But it is soooo slow and laggy. Trying to manage a Dot or Echo sometimes will lock the app up totally.
Multi-room audio us half-baked.  No bluetooth support for devices in the group.  Really?  Each device can only be in one group?  Finish the feature!
I love Alexa and echo but the app keeps crashing when I try to add a group for multiroom music.
I'm in love with Alexa, but the app needs a bunch of little fixes. It gets the job done. Ability to do macros with Alexa would be heaven. Macrodroid intergration would be fantastic!
This app makes setting up an echo device very easy and fast. Also gives you access to Alexa from your phone or tablet. Also allows you to call and message Alexa devices from your contact list.
The app is so slow and constantly freezes
Its great when it works.  Mine keeps going offline frequently.
If you see 'firmware update required' it's probably because one device is registered to a different account, even though you may be in the same household. C'mon devs.
Great start to a new way to work and play with Alexa. Work needs to be done to polish the experience and ambitious to have so many features. Looking forward to updates.
Have used for six months.  Very useful, and the radio selection for made are good for me...
I can't setup multieoom access.  Every time I try it closes on me.
Force closes on asus phone and can't make calls to my devices.
Rated so poorly because half the things advertised to work with this require a us skill which you can't use in the uk
Has not worked since the new update can't connect to my wi fi what have you done ????
For such a huge company, the app should work better than it does.
It just keeps crashing.
Slowest app I have ever had  Takes forever to get to the shopping list  Amazon developers, can you do something about it
Interface could be better, but ok after getting used to it. Echos are great devices.
Useless with Android O. Crashes.
I love my dot.  It is very useful  &amp; comes very handy.  I would tell anyone about it.
This app can pick up on a Spanish accent
I really love this but it would be even better if you could get SoundCloud onto it
Trying to change your phone is a nightmare!!!
Can't control anything from my phone since the update
Doesn't answer most of my queries, also how do you do drop in with 2 devices?
why cant i select my contacts or hide my blocked contacts...why cant i listen to google music...
Selecting any of the drop down menus make the application crash.  On Android 8.
How does this garbage get set up???
Great with using on my Fire TV stick and dish network gave me a echo dot with our Dish network
I think amazon alexa is a key feature in a modern home and with more and more skills added daily the amazon alexa could be your next best friend
The button to add items to shopping list doesn't work...
What is with the new permissions? Might as well just call this my personal spy. I will never do this update.
Temprimental keeps dropping out
Far less functionality than USA version but same price, why?
Mine is OK great  wifi only thing you have the app to connect new things
My LG G5 is NOTcompatible to use voice purchasing? How??? isn't that a main feature of this app???
Extrem langsam! Beim Start und in der Bedienung. Extrem nervttend
I love this app, along with Alexa. I don't see how an app like this can't be compatible with all android devices.
It helps set up your Alexa and it can download book so Alex a can read them to you
Please change to allow rearranging of items on shopping list, so they can be moved up or down.  need it
This app is so slow
Seems poor compared to US version
I love this app and because it helps me keep track of my things
1 star untill muilti room audio synchronization is added. Google home can do it!
No longer works at all.   Useless.
b"My God that's a pile of garbage like my comment if you think Google home is much better than this pile of trash about Alexa please like my comment??"
Handy, but there's a lot of things Alexa doesn't know.
Audio groups with multi-room audio isn't an option in my settings.
It won't read my Kindle content, the main reason for having the App for me.
Have used for six months.  Very useful, and the radio selection for made are good for me...
Stopped working
Locks up.
I like it.
It had you sign in like my
I love this app as well as this device
Works well for home automation and entertainment.
Cant connect to spotify as it is "not supported."
This is fun app
Just shuts down
Galaxy S7 does not support it
I would really love the ability to move items up or down on the shopping list.
Great app, I'm sure it will get even better!
Need to update app to work with the Samsung note 8
Absolutely garbage!
Very good loving Alexa and the app
So far pretty good.
Takes an eternity to load. No use to anyone
Best voice recognition software ever written
I love my alexa
Doesn't do anything
Celexa is one of the best technology items yet
Great app
It is so much better than Google assistant
Its a great app
Crashes constantly.
Started asking for permission to upload my contacts... nope...
A wesome
Awesome!
Easy to use nice app
I love this App.
Like the app but would like a dark mode or black background option
App will not open. Typical of amazon
I love my alexa. My kids love her too
When will the drop in feature come to the UK?
This app wont load anymore please sort it out.
Best app I have ever used in my whole entire life
Love Alexa.
I love my Alexa and the app works perfectly!...
Good but not great...
Ever since I updated the app I am no longer able to access any features of the app without giving it access to my contacts and other privacy overreaches. I'm about to delete the app and start canceling all of my amazon services. This is unacceptable.
Alexa regularly disconnects and its extremely difficult to get connected again. Spent an hour so far today. How can Amazon release something so frustrating to millions? And she is really thick. Give me Google any day
The worst app from Amazon ever. Every time try to sign in, it sent a new verification code so it never matched. It went back to the first logon screen instead of verification page. I could not sign in after five attempt s. Developers should be fired for doing such a sloppy job.
The only problem I've ever has is with my ECHO AND MY BT ROUTER!! It's a known "issue" that they DON'T WORK 2GETHER very well, which I found out after buying her. Luckily, I was at end of my contract with BT and I planned on changing suppliers, when I did my ECHO AND this app work like a dream 2gether.
Useless for me. Bought to control my Dish Hopper 3. Worked in a very limited sense for a few days, now does nothing. Either responds with "not sure how to help you with that", or LEDs just spin and then nothing happens. Can't pause the Hopper, can't tune to a channel or anything else. Just another piece of "shelfware" now.  Update: Now appears each time Alexa app updates, Dish skill quits working and must be in/reinstalled.  Dish skill also needs to be smarter and more flexible, but I assume that's on Dish to do. Updatingto 2 stars.
Quite slow and clunky but works ok when it opens. Weird bug which seems to be specific to Samsung S7s - alarm time shows as 2 hours earlier than the time you set (yet time zone is correct). The alarm goes off at correct time, but a bit disconcerting to have app showing you it's set for 5.30 am!
we want alexa without apps , just make it connect to wifi and use it , you force people to use app on their phones  , what if your app stoped for any reasons all alexa will be stoped , right ?, give me my freedom , alexa without apps like phones or any other device , dont record my voice , my speech with alexa , dont make history of questions on the app make it in alexa device make it great voice helper , not spy device , let me say , alexa connect to blabla wifi password is blabla , answer is connected , im ready to use , alexa update yourself , answer done... we need more privacy , we need it with out apppppps , make it smater know only my voice , you force me to search about other devices like i am said ....
App can't connect to cloud.... App is the one and only way to set up.... Who thought that was a good idea? My birthday is ruined. Partner apologizing and not happy. Well done...  How hard is it to do a post request I mean seriously.  An angry developer
This app does not work and has turned my echo into a $100 paperweight. The settings page absolutely will not open, and therefore I can not connect my echo to the WiFi network.
App works great.  I use it with an Echo Tap.  It loads quickly on my old ass Galaxy S5 phone, and all of the features do what you'd expect.  It's not meant to replace Google Assistant, but for controlling and using my Amazon devices, it's great.
Locks up a lit. No intuitive enough.  Limited learning. No manual, limited on-line/Alexa tutorials. Does,vt re a  emails or makes sure calendar events placed on Google Calendar. Can't send v to txt msgs.
Really had high hopes. Alexa cannot answer almost any of the questions I ask her. The Dish Network functionality will not  work for me. I am really sorry I bought it. Oh well. Maybe I could trade it for a Kindle Paperwhite. Any takers?
Never works. All I need this app for is to connect spotify. Echo is the best speaker I have had. But the app never loads. In 7 months of having my alexia I have only been able to use this app 1 time. Needs major fix.
Besides using the app to set up an echo I can't stand to use the app. It is nice to browse previous searches and questions but there is no app support for any music services. I've experienced this issue on numerous phones of varying age and model. I find the usefulness of this app to be minimal.
I love my echo Dot so much and this app is adequate, however it could be improved. I think Alexa should be able to wake me up with a playlist or song from Amazon. Alexa should also be able to understand two step commands like "play a different station and turn it up"
It's not great to be honest. Expected more, so rather disappointed with Amazon. Like many other review she can't answer most questions. Need to work.on that Amazon!!!
It is good... ..... ...
Worst app ever, incredibly slow, incredibly rubbish as it doesnt even load the home screen when connected to my alexa. You would expect a company like amazon who have millions in profit to address this problem asap but no... Had this app for 1 year now
Alexa is an absolute nightmare for AI and voice detection. Google Now is way more Superior when it comes to automation Alexa scenes bad at detecting things and I always have to repeat each command at least twice.
Love it
I bought the amazon echo dot a couple of weeks ago and it was amazing including the app. But now when I try going on it it goes on the loading screen and it keeps on switching between the screens and sometimes it says log in and make your password more secure and then when I do it does the same. Its a good app when it works.
Great app
Good times
Alexa answers to the TV commercial a lot, will randomly day CAN'T HELP or JUST LIGHT &amp; DING out of the blue, a lot of times doesn't understand she common used commands or questions, NOW FOR THE 3RD TIME IN 8 MONTHS TP LINK  WON'T WITH VIA ECHO DOT COMMAND AGAIN! THIS IS THE MUST FRUSTRATING &amp; ANNOYING ISSUE. I'M GETTING SORRY I EVEN BOUGHT THIS AT THIS POINT
It amazing
I enjoy alexa 5/5, but the app's interface leaves a lot to be desired. Finding a song is borderline frustrating. Creating and accessing playlists is near impossible. I end up saying "f*** it", and just using Bluetooth and spotify. Only good use of the app is accessing settings and history for the devices. Everything else needs a serious overhaul.
The god damn app keeps crashing...tried all the troubleshoots given in amazon forums...it like this app is only there on my device to takeup the memory...it doesnt even let me report the issue. I wonder if this is really a product of amazon???
b'??????????????????????????????????'
Update:  Latest release broke my Leviton smart switch group. Tried everything.  When using a Logitec Harmon Hub, the Alexa application only supports the use of 1 hub in your house. Needs to support multiple Harmony hubs.
I don't care if Alexa can do laundry and mow the lawn; read the creepy, disgusting details on the app's permission page... this has gotten out of hand
What kills this app for me is that you can't use it like an Echo remote, and it is lacking a search function that lets you type (for when Alexa just can NOT understand you for whatever reason).  It feels like Amazon was being cheap and didn't give their programmers enough time to add features and work out bugs.
This app is disappointing. As everyone else has mentioned already, it's super clunky and difficult to navigate through. I expected something more from Amazon.
Good app
I am an Amazon junkie.  I have a house run by echo.  I have loved Amazon for 16 years.  I bought the first Kindle, Kindle fire, Echo, etc.This app is Amazon's biggest fail.  Clunkiest app I have on my phone.  Trying to access my "Lists" takes several minutes.  What good is a list if you have to stand in the produce section for 5 minutes to see it?  And it really does take over 5 minutes at times.  My screen times out at 5 minutes, and it is still thinking.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times.  @jeffbezos, major fail.  Perhaps you should refocus on the quality of the services you offer than expansion?
The app keeps forcing you to the voice call setup menu even if you do not want the feature (no i will not sign up for it and then disable it later). Its reached the point where the app has become unusable because every time i want to alter a setting i am forced to go to the voice call setup menu and not allowed to exit it without shutting down the app. Utter garbage.
The app disconnects my wifi causing my data to be used at an alarming rate. Not the Echo, the app. This app. Without the app being installed on my Galaxy 7, I can use my Amazon Echo, play music, enable skills, etc and as long as I'm connected to my wifi I use NO data. But when I install this app, and even if I am not using the Echo, my data allowance begins to burn away rapidly.  When I put my phone down &amp; my screen times out, my wifi gets disconnected.  When I use my phone and open the screen, I see a popup telling my my wifi has been connected... meaning it was disconnected during the phones down time. I have searched but cannot find a setting within the app that may stop this. So, I cannot keep it installed.  If there is a fix gor this please let me know. Sent from my Samsung Galaxy S7.
The Alexa app is extremely clunky and slow. If the Echo loses its WiFi connection, you have to put it in setup mode, and wait, then the app tells you to connect manually by connecting to it directly, then you have to wait, then you get to select a WiFi connection, then you have to wait.....I think you get the drift. Thank God I bought the Echo at half price. I'd really like to return it and get a Google Home.
Useful app
Luv it
It is a 10 on the whole app! I was able to connect my Echo Dot to my device. But the app size is awful: 140MB?!?!?! Well, my Internet was high-speed so it took 2 minutes...lol
I haven't seen such a sluggish app in years. Browsing My Music, etc. is almost unusable, freezes while loading artist images, etc.
Since the update, this app crashes constantly on my Android phone. I have been looking at other reviews or complaints and the problem seems to be with Android phones.
There are a couple of bugs in the system for this app. The app will not allow you to write a review and submit it nor can you set a defined search filter so you have to change it to user rating which because of the inability to write reviews, the apps have very little review about them. That's it, for now. As I find more bugs I will add them to this review.
I got a new phone,  download the app,  I can no longer use my echo that we have had since they came out,  or add our new dot...  Soooo frustrating.
App is terrible and really ruins how great the Echo is. Takes ages to load (Galaxy S7 Edge), won't link any of my accounts for Uber, Dominoes or Google Calendar.  Needs a major update to be able to use properly.
Loved this app until a recent update forces you to sign up for Alexa's calling feature.  Not cool
While I own 3 types of Echo (original, dot, tap) and am very happy with interacting with the speakers themselves, the phone app is fairly disappointing. Slow to start and prone to crashing (on both my Android and my wife's iOS version). Even once it starts, navigation is slow and things like shopping list often take repeat tries to load... totally unacceptable while you're trying to juggle a phone and cart in a grocery store.
When logging in, and you click continue, says unable to reach cloud, even though my internet connection is just fine. So what's the problem?!
This is a good app. But only good, I think that the way you search for music is terrible, can't you just use the same interface as you do for the actually prime music app?
This is aweful. Having same issues as stated below. Disconnects from WiFi all the time. Does not play music. Got it as gift and going to return it.
Bug: Under skill reviews, if the title of the review is more than a line then it is clipped using "...". No way to expand the skill review if the title overflows and not the body.
I love my echo Dot so much and this app is adequate, however it could be improved. I think Alexa should be able to wake me up with a playlist or song from Amazon. Alexa should also be able to understand two step commands like "play a different station and turn it up"
Often app will not open lists when deep inside grocery store. Appears to be seeking location info and failing that initiates a perpetual loop as if attempting to open list.
After last updates I have not been able to open this app with samsung 7 edge.  Miss opening lists when out shopping.
Two weeks now and the app does not work. Every time I do something it says app support unavailable. This happening to anybody else??
Impossible to play some music on it because you can't search for music with their app and alexa is sometimes hearing impaired or straight up retarded. Ask her to play your favourite song and if it's not by Taylor Swift or similar you are going to have a bad time..
App is absolutely dreadful doesn't even connect properly, a monkey could've done better by slamming a keyboard into a wall
Not optkmised to work with Samsung s8 as won't let me add skills. Keeps looping on pages rather than saying successful
With so many 1 star reviews you'd think they'd fix the issues. Please Amazon, P L E A S E
Very laggy,  it is really annoying working with this thing, you should know that this app is necessary with Amazon Echo , and it has poor UI, poor connectivity.
Y'know I really liked using Alexa with my API, but considering that the last five updates still haven't fixed the crashes I might just replace my Echo with a Google Home instead.
Good app. Just a shame us UK users get left behind the US again.  When can we haz drop in feature??!
I want to be able to scroll through songs. I want to be able to build playlists for songs in Amazon Music and podcasts in Tune In.   I want more podcasting capability. I want to be able to have a feed that I can manage with podcast search functions as well as paste functions for .rss feeds.   I want to be able to connect Echo Dot to Fire TV so I can trigger voice remote navigations and play functions for games and videos on Fire TV.
It crashes all the time. And when it doesn't crash it's triggered accidentally.
If you have any sort of an accent good luck with the voice recognition software recognizing what you're saying. We've had voice recognition going on for 20 years fix this s*** already people
HELP!!!! All I want to do is "drop in" to my family's pre-existing Echo but I can't seem to connect/find the Echo anywhere in the settings. Do I need another account? Why is this so f***ing difficult?!? Typical Amazon. Not happy.
The app is cool BUT it needs to have a stop button. I turned my echo on while I was at work thinking that I was gonna play a song through my phone and there was no way to stop it. Give me a stop button!
Awful app now, will not function unless you agree to sync it with everything on your device such as allowing Alexa to make phone calls
This app is one of the biggest POS apps I have ever tried to use. How does Amazon ruin a flagship product like the Echo by having its companion app so horrible?
I was hoping the latest update would fix it, but still can't connect through my network to the echo.  It worked before, and now I have a 50 plastic puck gathering dust.
I LOVE THE AMAZON ALEXA APP AND ALL THAT YOUR NOW ABLE TO DO WITH IT. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS AN ANDROID DEVICE, A CELLPHONE OR TABLET!!!!!!! I CAN HAVE IT READ AUDIBLE BOOKS TO ME, PLAY AMAZON UNLIMITED MUSIC FOR ME, ETC. ALL THROUGH THE ECHO DOT I BOUGHT FROM AMAZON. THE BEST INVESTMENT I COULD HAVE EVER MADE!!!!
This review would be at least 4 stars if we could modify the commands .. I understand you must have standard commands but once I buy it I should be able to customize them.  i.e. I hate having to say:  "Alexa, ask ADT to turn off my lights" I only control them with ADT. I should be able to just ask Alexa to do it without having to differentiate between my company and companies I don't even have
Needed with Amazon Echo or Dot, and if you plan on interacting with your units. I find the dot connected to a nice tabletop radio (Tivoli One in my case) works really nice. I already had radio so the Dot was cheaper option. Love intercom feature - might buy another Dot or two to cover house. App ok.
b"Everything good except for connectivity with music. Want to connect with spotify. It says 'no music in your library'. Would give it 5 star but this a huge problem. Needs huge fix. ????"
Always freezes. Have had to uninstall and reinstall. Annoying
Good children's toy. Not a useful tool. Unreliable and falsely advertised.
Will not connect at all. Troubleshooting steps provided do not match the settings. Waste of money
Love it for streaming music, especially since it will play Prime playlists. Much easier than sorting through and playing music via Amazon music on Roku, which doesn't access the Prime lists. Overall very useful. I lost my internet connection recently and couldn't get it reconnected via Setup as directed. Unplugged it, waited a bit, replugged, all was back to normal.
The app was working fine until the few recent updates, scrolling through playlists or stations is horribly slow as the app is loading for more stations or playlists and few accidental tap on unwanted playlists or stations could happen as well while scrolling through
Every time I open the app, it asked to reconnect my echo device. It is frustrating. Please fix the problem. Thank you
Now it forces close. App won't stay open.  Since the update it doesn't understand most things I say and the calling messaging update just sticks on the app and doesn't do anything. What a disappointment!
Disappointing. Both Echo and the Alexa app. The weather skill can't even tell you humidity. Now, as of July 28, control of Wemo devices has become erratic and semi-functional. I have updated Wemo device firmware, re-enabled the Wemo account connection, re-dscovered devices within the Alexa app, but it's still extremely retarded, with very long delays between the command and whatever execution it decides to implement (which varies from attempt to attempt.) I might blame Wemo, since it's a terrible app as well, but all devices are currently working fine from the Wemo app. My main motivation with Alexa/Echo was home automation control, but it's not reliable. Waking up to a noise, and saying "Alexa; lights on" should, you know, turn on the lights. But Alexa hesitates for a substantial period of time, then might (or might not) turn on a totally random selection of Wemo devices. Not ready for Prime time, pun intended. Alexa and my Echo devices are mostly just music streaming speakers now, and the only devices with a decent speaker for that purpose are the tall original Echos. Besides, with Amazon devices, unlike Google Home, you can't get the same stream coordinated on multiple devices concurrently. The Echo Show speakers are very directional (and the device is also hard of hearing.) If I could undo the whole mess, I would today.
Seems it doesn't understand half of what I say. If you ask a question, the likely response is that it doesn't know the answer. Which sort of defeats the purpose...
Used to use this app a lot, but latest version requires WAY too many permissions and FORCES you to set up the calling feature before you can proceed.  You can't get around it.   Will likely uninstall.  Way too intrusive, Amazon!
This app has worked fine in the past, just got a new echo and it wouldn't load, updated the app and it still won't open, just has the 3 dots constantly scrolling. How am I supposed to set ip my new device now Amazon?
Would not work on a Samsung Galaxy S4.  Tried all the online tips. No joy.
With so many 1 star reviews you'd think they'd fix the issues. Please Amazon, P L E A S E
Crashes every time I try to open. Like Alexa, cant use the app.
Fix alarms. Anytime I try to set one manually the app freezes.
Could never get the dot to actually do anything useful. Great if you like to waste your time
Unresponsive and nothing like the experience on Amazon Alexa. You have to literally shout at the phone to "wake" Alexa. Unimpressed and uninstalled the app.
Categorize devices with scenes would be most helpful.It's hard to go through everything when you have multiple hubs.  Bulk forgetting would be much faster than waiting for each individual device or scene to be removed.
Things she could do a week ago have stopped working.
Just installed the Alexa app on a new Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge the app will not run it does nothing but crash
The alexa app is very slow. Need to improve the performance.
The app is unusable. Everytime I open it it crashes. I've tried reinstalling it but it doesn't work
This doesn't allow full function unless you have an newer phone; it won't allow for calling or messaging because I have a Samsung Galaxy S3. I love my phone it works great. I don't need an updated phone.
It does not work after the last upgrade.
Howdy. Good UI, if not a little clunky with transitions. Suggestion: preserve the state when browsing for skills. I click on a skill, then hit the back arrow and my search query is not persistent and I'm back where I started.
So slow. It takes 10-15 seconds to load each page and it doesn't seem to cache anything so it takes just as long to reopen a page. Some things for alexa you can only do with the app but it is painful to use.
Latest update has resulted in all my devices appearing as offline. Too frustrating at this point to be worth the investment
It is so slow. My phone. Is fast with everything else except this.
Terrible sync with music streaming. History doesn't update and "currently playing" is usually a few songs old.
After the last update it keep locking up when trying to set alarm.
Rarely understands my name or Spotify playlist names. Often randomly wakes and listens during normal conversations
Why do I get redirected to a website, in German, asking for my Amazon log in details when I connect my Spotify account???  Pretty worrying.
I like being able to access my central air system and Pandora through the app.  The Simon Says feature is fun and my husband likes asking her to sing the Campfire Song.  We're still learning more of what she can do.
The setup for connecting devices is pretty sad I wish there was more functions on this app to be able to control my Alexa better
I LOVE THE AMAZON ALEXA APP AND ALL THAT YOUR NOW ABLE TO DO WITH IT. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS AN ANDROID DEVICE, A CELLPHONE OR TABLET!!!!!!! I CAN HAVE IT READ AUDIBLE BOOKS TO ME, PLAY AMAZON UNLIMITED MUSIC FOR ME, ETC. ALL THROUGH THE ECHO DOT I BOUGHT FROM AMAZON. THE BEST INVESTMENT I COULD HAVE EVER MADE!!!!
Echo Dot says I'm connected, but the Alexa app just gets stuck "connecting." Took me 30s to set up my Google Home. This thing is garbage. No voice control? I see nothing this provides that isn't in settings on my devices.
Tried using this app to set up the Echo I just bought, couldn't get the intro video to play, it just kept reorienting itself no matter how many times I hit play.
Love it! Its keeps getting better and better. Still room for so much more though...
Won't even open on my phone, I can't access most of my Echos functions because of it.  Pretty much useless on my Note 3
Navigation around menus within the app load very slowly for me. It just feels like it takes a long time to do anything with Alexa on my phone.
Why can't you just do what we got the app for?  I don't want to communicate with family using Alexa, that's what a phone is for.
Nice, but disappointed.  Alexa cannot find many pieces of music in my Amazon library of Amazon Music.
I am in love with Alexa.  When I travel, I miss her desperately.
Just started working for me. I'll update this review after I've had a chance to see what it can do
Ironic you can't turn on the TV without seeing an Amazon Echo  commercial these days yet when you download their free App or updates it doesn't work. What a joke! Don't do the Updates!! Worked originally but as soon as the update was installed it started crashing. Luckily Google just realeased their Device.
I can't see the chat logo at the bottom. Can you tell mne why ?? My phone is s8
I don't want to sign up for the voice app
Richest man in the world "momentarily" "cra**est app in the world ... permanently!!!
This app is incredible, whoever has trouble using it is an idiot.
Records, cassettes, Cds, ipods, &amp; now Amazon Echo. Sick
Thought the option for adding a calendar was missing, eventually found it. Does what I need
Great Security for people that live alone.
You must have a smart phone or tablet to actually use the echo dot
It's good but would be good to be able to use Alexa from my mobile anywhere.  Widgets would be great for lists.
The app crashes as soon as I open it.
Works great , I haven't had any problems
With every update Alexa becomes better and better.
Once I switched over to Dish I got Alexa in the deal so the tech did all the installation and it's great.
The app will not connect to the cloud so I cannot even use it
I just like it because  now I don't have to buy it
For some reason I can't set up echo show as a new echo device no updates
Horrible App. Retuning my Alexa tomorrow
Rarely does what you ask.  Device loses support often and needs to be reinstalled.
Records phone calls.
Volume control is impossible to use.
Keeps crashing with a Samsung 7
Crashes frequently. Multiroom audio does not work.
The setup for connecting devices is pretty sad I wish there was more functions on this app to be able to control my Alexa better
it does not show calling feature on redmi note 4
Last update doesn't work
Crashes on launch. Reinstalled and crashes after login. Useless since update.
How is it over 120Mb and this bad?
It would be really convenient to be able to stop alarms from the app when you're not in voice range.
Work great for my home automation needs! And the call function is growing fast!
Alexa does not know ANYTHING!
Hate it worst assistant EVER
Please can we have echo-&amp;gt;FTV voice integration in the UK as well?
The new version immediately dies on fire phone
If I could get my phone and elects to comunicate it would be gd
Crash loop on most recent update...
Love Alexa!  Turns on lights, communication, shopping and to do lists, reads Kindle books and so much more!
Horrible app, freezes constantly. So annoying
Why don't we have Alexa calling as they do in the US?
Crash on open please fix
Keeps telling me it's timed out when signing in
Crashes often and very slow if works
Great app, simple to use, works well.
Not used in Nexus 6
I love it so much
Love it!
Confusing menus.
Alright...alright...alright....
Love alexa
Just doesn't work. Simple
I love alexa
Can't live without my Alexa!
Drop in feature no longer works.
This is AWESOME
Funny how you are
It is great
stop playing app won't open
Alexa is fantastic!
Waste of time!
Unable to reach the cloud
Just love it
Will not connect and will never work.
More to come.
Never wants to load
Would be so much better if there was a search function on the app
Music
b"It couldn't clean my kitchen ??"
I don't like that the latest version keeps itself from shutting down.
NotVeryUserFriendly.
Great I was able to control what I needed.
Love it ...i can control everything with this app
I'm still learning but so far its good
Too slow
Work great for my home automation needs! And the call function is growing fast!
Better with updates
Love Alexa!!
I think it works great
I miss the original version
Good so far
No voice control to alexa
Love this app. Works extremely well with my tablet and s8. Fantastic
It 7s a great app for controlling alexa
Laggy
App is ok. Just disappointed that the UK users have to wait so long for the features available in the US. Good side though is that app works fine.
Not understanding how all these people are having problems, works on my phone, my wife's, and my daughter's, and we all have different phones
Ridiculously slow for no apparent reason.
Alexa has made as big of an impact on my life and lifestyle as the very first digital video recorder did. Fifteen minutes out of the box and I knew I'd never be without her. As an example, for the first time in my life (I am almost 60) my shopping list is complete and I can choose whether to purchase an item now or next week. Also all of my "to do's" are kept on one list. With Amazon's generous return policy, if you even think you might like Alexa, and you are a Prime member, ought to try her.
b'I enjoy all things Amazon??'
Amazing
Love my dot, Alexa is a wonderful addition to our house she has tons a information and does amazing things. App is great and is very informative
Wont let you load or search misic on app...have to talk to it.
Love alexa
Hate it
Cool app but i wish i could also use my music on my phone too
The app is quire slow, considering it comes from amazon! Specially when you are brwsing skills, it keeps loading forever. It successfully syncs with devices though and has some nice features. Overall i would like to see it catch up on speed to make it more usable!
Can't get passed the agree to terms page! Uninstalled reinstalled 12 times always says can not connect to cloud! Useless!
The app seems to think I'm setting up the device every time I open it. I need to open it several times to get past this. It does not communicate with the other apps such as the to do list app which are needed to help it function. All in all a joke of an app. The actual echo device itself is hopeless as well as itjeeps cutting out and needs to be rebooted.
Use to work fine but since a phone,g7, update the app just doesn't load. It is so frustrating, I've tried to reinstall but I get to connect to Amazon Xxxx  then it goes back to start setup. Fix the problem please.
Love it
Just love it
Doesn't work with galaxy s6, but does work with Tab.  You HAVE TO FIX THIS!!  Hangs at setup screen and wait circle goes round and round...come ON!  It has to work with Samsung phones, they're kinda popular...
Stopped working. Won't connect to cloud server, now I can't even log into it to see my shopping list. Tried multiple reinstalls over the past two weeks and still won't work.
I have the Alexa and I love it. However the app sucks. It's always been slow to load but now it doesn't. Actually it will open but when I push the list link it just works and works and never comes up. And the list are what I use the most on this app. Actually it's pretty much the only useful thing
Perfect
This has gone on way to long, having to get rid of my echo because app DOES NOT WORK... It has been months since they updated the app and doesn't seem to be an end in sight. Please Amazon get on your dev team to fix this, too many people are having issues. At least give an option to go back to old version that worked.
This app is so slow and buggy. What prompted me to write the review was that there's no easy way to explore amazon music unlimited's options for artists. There are so many artists that a basic scroll  (which takes forever to load) makes it so hard to navigate. Additionally, the artists with "the" in the title are all listed under "the" alphabetically. There's no filtering in order to narrow it down to the artists you want. I think the purpose of this app is to help navigate all of the things Alexa can do for you, and it's so immensely frustrating. Work on this app, amazon!!
Love my echo dots. The Alexa app is okay, I like that changes are continuous, improvements all the time. It isn't perfect but as long as they keep putting in the effort then they have an opportunity to keep on dominating this market.
Right now, I can't even get into the app that I've been using before all these updates. The app is demanding that I set up information so that Alexa knows me better. I don't want to use texting features or any other communication with Alexa. All I want to do right now is turn off Pandora from the app, and I can't even do that.
Update dated 19 July has somehow managed to remove the album art from the player within the Alexa app????
Too slow by a long way. The website behind this is at fault (try accessing directly in a web browser and a lot of the time it goes non responsive)
Force closes
Sometimes Alexa is OK. Like checking the Weather. Sometimes it's not; like doing anything else useful. Sometimes it's good for music. Until it's not a common title and she can't figure it out. Sometimes, it's great for playing music from your paid Unlimited subscription. Unless you want to actually search for a song or album... because the app is completely useless. Amazon's response to that: Alexa is a voice activated tool. Useless. 10/10 would argue with Alexa for hours again.
The app is very slow. I am also very disappointed with the unlimited music portion. Why is there no search option? You have to scroll through "All Artists  A-Z" or by Genre. Hopefully this will get updated along with the speed of the app.
I can't find a good reason to keep this app. It doesn't seem to perform as other Alexa devices do. I don't own Alexa, but I do have Alexa through my Fire TV. And it's easy to hold down the microphone and order stuff from Amazon, ask questions, and everything else Alexa is supposed to do. But I can't find a microphone or any way to speak into this app. So what's a good for?
Echo is a good device along with the two Dots I have but after doing the usual things like setting alarms and playing Amazon Music on them there is one big problem, they cannot play radio stations for more than 30 seconds. I ask Alexa to play BBC Radio 2 which starts up straight away, but about 30 seconds later, silence. If you ask Alexa to stop and then restart then the radio continues, so it has to be an Echo problem. I have ultrafast broadband and excellent wifi, so know that's not the problem.
Disappointed current version doesn't allow user to choose which phone contact group to allow for calling/messaging, &amp; no Exchange contact group support either.
Getting painfully slow as app is bloated with features  Needs ability to set lists as default startup.
Love the Echo, but the phone app keeps crashing when trying to adjust alarm times
Its awesome i use it for my echo dot
I despise this app. It takes ages to load; pauses all music when you do open it; and tries to force features on you. I'm on an LG V10 and for over a month now I'm forced to restart the app if I want to avoid signing up for messanger (upon initial opening you have no skip screen, emailed support with screenshot and they stopped replying). I use this as a glorified grocery list and it's almost too much of a hassel for that.
Much room for improvement but at least it is functional for the most part. Needs better integration with Music Unlimited. Bluetooth pairing hit and miss and when you do get devices paired the app won't let you see them all and blocks options for the last device on the list with an action button.
Love it
Originally when I got my Alexa, I was able to download and run the App. But every time I try to open it, it says connection timed out please retry. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times and still gives me the same message. Alexa in general is stupid, the only thing it's been good for we found is for weather updates and Pandora, but they're plenty of other better functioning devices and App's for far less money than Alexa....don't waste your money !!!
Just received my new Dot and can't get on the Alexa app for love or money. Already have an Alexa which is already connected to m WiFi and works fine. My new little Dot looks like a great product but is seriously let down by a poor and inaccessible app. Have uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail. I expect far more from a company this size. My new expensive product is useless without this app. Please sort out the Alexa app, this is poor customer service and incredibly frustrating and I would not recommend it at this point. 1 star.
Alexa has a lot of hearing problems... Having to repeat myself numerous times to get simple tasks done. A lot of the apps and features are great but a lot of improvements need to be made.
The latest version crashes every time on start up after logging in. I reinstalled it many times. I can't use it at all. Please fix it.  Update 7/5/2017: Still not working. I tried it on multiple phones. How does it work for anybody?
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for 1 reason. It has to be connected to the internet for EVERYTHING! I live in condos that provide free WiFi which goes down occasionally. When that happens, you can't even ask what time it is! No setting a timer, an alarm, no add to shopping list, nothing! All she can say is, "sorry, I'm having trouble connecting to the internet. Please visit the help section in your Alexa app." VERY FRUSTRATING and lame!
The UI is sluggish and doesn't respond to gestures half the time. What is it busy doing? Can't see my enabled skills or choose a category.  Seems like earlier versions of the app had these issues but they were fixed.  Now they are back.  C'mon Amazon! This app needs some dev LOVE!
Drop In on Dots is 1 out of 5 stars. I've got excellent bandwidth and an awesome wireless router. After getting the fancy email, I felt very excited about Drop In. Like when the update related for Zune revealing fancy new wireless functionality, it was like a bonus - remember?! Drop in however in my book, should never have been released in its current state. It's not solid, fades in and out, the volume is too low and uses the onboard speaker, breaking the bluetooth connection to that speaker, and is an embarrassment. I had someone excited to experience the new feature, but drop in was dropping out. I hope someone at amazon sees this post and explains why this was released when I'd give it a 2 out of 10 for overall satisfaction. Disappointing.
Installed Alexa app on my Lenovo phone. Set up Alexa. Cannot access music and books to respond in order to sync my spotify music. Circle just goes round for ever. Please help. No music only radio which I can get on my Logitech sqeezbox. I am not a Prime subscriber. Are they trying to make me one by not allowing me to access music for free? I will keep trying, very frustrating.
The app uses a significant amount of battery power and mobile data, even though I don't open it at all. One might think it has to do with the new Alexa calling feature but when I try to call from my echo, the phone never rings and Alexa says she can't connect. Why is this app then the 2nd heaviest battery user and why does it use hundreds of megabytes of data? Very unhappy with it?
Absolutely awful, doesn't even work on a brand new Galaxy S8 but works on an old ipad?! Had to use ipad app to get it setup! Would give 0 stars if i could. How it's this broken i don't kn ow!
Can't set the dot up to connect to a hotspot on the phone. As part of the final setup the app connects the dot using the phones WiFi, turning on the WiFi turns off the hotspot, turning off the hotspot cause the app to give a failed connection error turning on the hotspot turns off the WiFi which causes the setup to completely fail and prompts to retry the setup. So I'm basically stuck in a poor experience loop, thus making the app useless.
Where is the voice training option?? I'm trying to play a album but it can't bloody understand me. Always playing the wrong bloody song. Please fix!!
Ever since the update to include calling the app has worked poorly on my Android phone. It just spins and never loads anything. I can't get it to open my lists, go to the home screen or anything. Works fine on my iPad, but not my phone. Hoping it is fixed soon.
The app keeps lagging and somehow it keeps showing connection timed out which is so annoying. I haven't been able to use the app at all . Amazon must look into this I'm definitely going to return the echo dot back.
Cannot even setup my dot.  Worthless app.  Was finally able to do it on my fire.  Might end up returning the dot.
Every time I tell it to t7ne to a dish channel it says I'm not subscribed to it. I know for a fact I am.   Not happy with it at all.
The app seems to think I'm setting up the device every time I open it. I need to open it several times to get past this. It does not communicate with the other apps such as the to do list app which are needed to help it function. All in all a joke of an app. The actual echo device itself is hopeless as well as itjeeps cutting out and needs to be rebooted.
Update July 12, 2017 Galaxy S7 Active. Still cannot customize. No voice support. Will not open without network connection. Opens to nag screen demanding access to contacts everytime, no option to deny. I can understand linking to an echo, but should work in standalone mode without error.  Prior review:  Galaxy S5, can't add to shopping list, bounces back to home screen. Have to use regular Amazon app to add to shopping list. No voice support, have to go home for that. App opens to list of Alexa's failures, can't customize app at all, has look and feel of 15 year old's first attempt writing an app for class.......and they got a C-.
Resource hog and it will not connect to Amazon music.   It used to just be very slow.  Now it won't connect at all.   I can still yell at my echo to play specific artists/albums; but browsing via the app does not work.   Funnily enough,  I can just use Firefox on my phone to visit the Amazon website, search music, and it will play on echo.   So... Why bother with the app at all?     I rated 2 stars only because I can use the app to pause Echo from anywhere.
Love alexa, but the app is garbage. Horrific UI, super confusing and lots of menus that don't go anywhere. Makes the whole alexa experience much more confusing
Haven't received my Echo yet. Doesn't work at all with my Fire TV's. Apparently all it's good for is setting up the Echo, which doesn't look promising for the Echo's worth, and usefulness, why can't  you set it up by voice? At this point I honestly don't see why everybody is so crazy about this thing. Alexa on the Fire TV is not that useful. I think I  am wasting time and money, I have a suspicion that I should have gone another route at this point.
I try video calling my parents echo show with this app and it drops their call every time after about 15 seconds. We spent 2 hours on the phone with Amazon regarding the issue with no resolution. It only seams to drop the call with my phone which is a Google pixel XL but stays connected well with my sisters iPhone? So I can only conclude that it's the app mot the echo show causing the failure in connection. Hope it gets fixed because I love video chatting with my parents on their echo show.
I have a OnePlus 3, a fairly new and recent phone with gear performance. What I don't get is why the app is so slow. Each switch to the settings screen from the hamburger menu takes 20+ seconds. This is unacceptable.
If you are having crashes. I am really enjoying using both Echo and Dot. I noticed using the Alexa name it sometimes crashed. So I re-named it to Eco and now a week layer they both are working great never a problem or crash. Just might help some people that experience crashing under the Alexa banner.        A Few months down the road and zero crashes. I still use the interact name "Echo".   I have a great idea for a use of this little bundle of joy. How do I let Amazon know my idea ??
Had Alexa and the original app working for several months. App updated and now won't run... Enter user name and password then get three dots and it sits there... No feedback, no error, no time out, just three dots animated left to right... Absolutely useless Amazon.... Running on HTC 10...tried deleting data, uninstall... worked fine previous to update!!! UPDATE July 2017 - APP STILL NOT WORKING, SORT THIS OUT AMAZON - USELESS
Good bit of kit but only three Stars! Sloooow roll out of exciting new services (drop in &amp; call) that are only available in the US (very frustrating) and voice recognition still needs work!  Would love to see an option to remove the wake word.
It would be a great app. If it didn't take me 1 whole minute to shut up the alarm using my phone. It's rediculous how much it lags. I press the alarm button and it lags about 10-15 seconds. Don't even think about pressing it again or you'll have 4 different alarms going off throughout the day while you aren't home. If you have dogs they will hate this feature.
App is really slow. Keeps cutting out from internet. Sometimes when I use this for my shopping list, it deletes the whole list on me. I think they need to focus on improving the app to echo integration. Also I would not expect this from such a big company like Amazon.
This app used to work great and now it just crashes or refuses to open at all. Please fix. So annoyed, super frustrated, and hating it.
Doesn't work in setting up Alexa... Not on my phone anyway. Pretty much makes Alexa useless then. Just get a blank page at set-up and a spinning orange ring on echo dot. In use it's kind of useful, but still some pages refuse to open in my S7. So it's a pain. My tablet works though so it's something to do with the phone.
This latest version won't even fully load on the LG G4. The crash pop-up even crashes.  There's a ton of Echo developers, including myself, that will fix these continuous app issues for you. Just ask us.  We actually DO want users to be able to use our skills...  Desktop version has always had FireFox login issues, too.
The whole Alexa experience is buggy in general. Random and often echo and echo dots disconnect from WiFi, Alexa app is slow and just poorly designed.  Lately the drop in feature has just disappeared from the Android app, so that's nice.  Keep up the great work amazon.
I have to repeat myself a number of times before Echo Dot gets it right, plus the remote control unit does not work properly. Volume control is ok but microphone does not relay to the Dot , it cuts out before you finish what you are requesting.
Almost 5stars, as good as it is I feel there is more space for improvement. UI can do with a little work and the app can be buggy at times disconnecting to phone home page. Also it's a shame I can't create own playlist in music, I need iheart radio app which is USA orientated pretty much like much of the app itself! Still with music unlimited I'm happy!
Got my Alexa as a birthday gift. Since the app refuses to work its literally become furniture in my room. Not impressed. Sort it out.
Used to work really well. Lately can't get the app to open, it is always offline, can't get to my shopping list when in a store any.ore so what good is it? This is useless! I added a Dot to my echo and yap and now nobody works in the app. Please fix the app!!
I've moved to a small village and Alexa will not accept my address for anything other than device location. Under traffic it steadfastly refuses to accept it. So, I can't ask for traffic updates. Annoying!!! Will have to use Google traffic information instead! Such a shame that Alexa fails me on such an easy thing to do. Everything else in Alexa is great and getting better and better with time.
I've  uninstalled and reinstalled this app 4 times now, and have looked up many ways to try to get this app to work. All in all I've learned that I've wasted my time trying to get this to work, and money on this device.
I love that there is an app that allows you to change settings and view what Alexa is playing at that moment.  However, the app is extremely slow. When I try to see what playlist she is playing or try to find a song or artist through the app, it just shows me three dots as if it were loading, but rarely brings it up and I just give up with frustration. I love my Alexa but the app could definitely use some improvements.
Frustrating. Got it set up to use a TP Link smart plug, all okay. Tried to add a 2nd plug, now it won't find either plug. Resetting doesn't work. Very frustrating
Got a Dot Echo on Primeday. Download app and doesn't do anything. Just 3 flashing lights. Tried removing and reinstall and still nothing. Disappointed if this is what Amazon is putting out. Might just return this if it doesn't work out.
The setup problems are real. No setup equals useless.
I just got my Echo today after Prime Day and I can't change my location in the Alexa app. When I go to the settings and try to click on my device it's grayed out and does nothing. Love the echo, not so satisfied with this app!
Waste of space, doesn't understand a word forever saying I don't know that and I don't like the fact that every word you say is stored, I only use it as an internet radio now
Failed to connect to the Echo until I force-closed the app and let it try again. But since the Echo is set up for the Prime account-holder and their iOS Alexa app no longer has a Manage Household option, I can't add my account to the device and do anything with this app.
It's okay. There is plenty ty of complexity to amount of features, settings etc. Suggestion: use the new "force/long touch" to gain a shortcut to access most common things, to-do, music, message....
Update: I'm pretty sure that most of the recent one star reviews that say the recent updates made the app stop working are related to the latest Android system updates disabling the Android System WebView component and starting to use the Chrome browser for that function. So, Amazon, when are gonna fix this issue?
Although many people have been complaining about the white screen on this app and inability to manage Echo Dot, there doesn't seem to be a solution. Amazon team - please provide a solution. Till then, 1 star.
First day with Echo (thanks HTC/Sprint).  It's great to sit with my 12yo playing Categories, What If &amp; a Teen Jeopardy! Keep up great ideas Amazon-Huzzah!
Loved it till the newest update screwed everything up with my philips hue. Reset my echo's and it's not the hue as it works with other things I have for it without problems please fix!
Used to work great but whatever they did today broke the only couple of things I use it for. In the trash it goes.
Please allow for nick naming of contacts it's obnoxious to have to say people's names and then have to say their first and last name if Brandon is the only Brandon in my contacts that I should just be able to say Brandon and it calls them
I have a Blu Life One X 2 and no matter what i try, I cannot get the conversations tab to show up in the app. Very disappointed after just buying an echo.
App work ok but it says unable to save when I try and update default location :(
I use to like the app but since the new updates it won't even load the home screen  on my galaxy s7 tells me to log in then just loading dots on the screen for ages
Had a Samsung S4, and the app worked great. Got a new Samsung S8, and the app is worthless.  Please help!
I like the Amazon Echo functionality but the App has way to many bugs and most of the time is unusable to the point it will not load at all, it needs to be fixed asap
It took me the whole day to set up this echo dot. And I STILL didn't get it to work! I followed the instructions very carefully!
I have a Google pixel and can't navigate anywhere on this app. It doesn't pull up ally contacts and freezes up when I try to set up and personalize the app. I finally had to use my daughter's Samsung in order to set up my new echo. Is this intentional? I really want to like this app and the echo, but should I return it?
Needs loads of improvement, bug fixing, and stramlining...only just evolving..why can't you provide a skill that would access google.Alexa cannot find answers to basic queries! ..and why use bing? Why not something that amazon can deliver?
This app is terrible. It keeps force closing I'm unable to run setup to reconnect to Wi-Fi. When I run setup it doesn't allow me to select a language. Will update review once the bugs are fixed.
Amazon is a billion dollar company and yet they can't even create an App that functions. What a disgrace, will return this product immediately. So disappointed
New updates crashed it and can't get it to work.  Uninstalled, reinstalled. Nada. Get your s**t together.
I never could get it to work. When I try to open it, I immediately get connection time out error 07/22/17 Update: Uninstalled and waited a few days to try again. Same issues.
music section of the app is crude and slow.  make it like the Amazon unlimited music app.  search is required.
Love alexa, but the app is garbage. Horrific UI, super confusing and lots of menus that don't go anywhere. Makes the whole alexa experience much more confusing
Previous app was much better.  Trying to set the alarm on this one sucks.  It either takes a long time to set or the app just freezes up.  Never had an issue with the previous version.
Alexa barely does anything bad play music and read the weather out. Outsourcing the compatible apps was lazy. This app is slick but the add ins aren't. Getting to find the conversation icon is a bloody nightmare. Still haven't got it. Need far more inbuilt integration and a search engine. Whole bloody system is crud. Wish I hadn't bought it as it's driving me mad by being incompatible with just about anything I want to do. Can't turn on TV, lights, sound didn't flow through rooms, seeing up prickles is easy but could be done by voice recognition. FFS Amazon I've got students who would do a better job of audience and purpose than your overpaid cretins. You get one star as it looks ok
Typical of Amazon's incompetent developers, much improvement needed. Doesn't do calls on Tablets
App needs a huge overhaul.  It's only purpose right now is for set up.  The skills are a lackluster gimmick and overall the app is inconsistent with the drop-down menus and such barely working.
Will man Alexa in englischer Sprache verwenden, bentigt man einen amazon account der UK/US basierend ist. Sonst stehen keinerlei skills zur Verfgung.   "Die ausgewhlte Spracheinstellung stimmt nicht mit den Einstellungen Ihres Amazon-Kontos berein.  Daher werden Sie nicht auf Skills zugreifen knnen."  Wenn man den Account auf z.B. UK umstellt, hat man zwar die skills, aber es fehlt z.B. das Prime musik abbo welches dann immer noch nur fr den deutschen Account gltig ist.  Deshalb, fr internationale Leute in Deutschland unbrauchbar.
Voice recognition well below par. Listening back to the voice recordings activates the Echo again. Kept falling to actually do anything I asked.
So slow with everything. Stop trying to reinvent things with the music, just integrate the Amazon music app. I can't even browse or effectively use the music because it freezes trying to load the giant lists of songs or artists.
b"I've had zero problems with the app, works great with my echo and dots. Works awesome ????  literally everything has worked perfectly."
When dropping in from one Alexa device within our household  to another Alexa device within our household I am connected to the wrong device within our household. I am connected properly to the right device when using the app but device to device within our household simply doesn't work I am connected to the wrong device.
The app doesn't work. Just goes to loading screen then nothing. It's useless and I'm really annoyed as the Alexa cost me a lot of money and if I can't use it its pointless!
It was a pain in the rear to get started, and after numerous video's on what we might be doing wrong, we simply had to reset it. Now I'm kind of happy with it.
I expected more from Amazon. The app constantly freezes and I can't even use it. Makes for a great paperweight
Not intuitive. Everyone should not be default contacts just because they have an echo or echo dot. Sending message to echo can be confusing to recipients, and if the echo is performing another task at the time, your notification will probably go unnoticed
Latest update (April2017) killed it for LG-G5.. Massive lag when it works. Freezes constantly requiring forced shut down to get it sort of working again until it freezes again ! Update 06April... App is now on its 3rd update of April, however the App still lags by 2-5 seconds after clicking on menus. No real improvement for LG-G5.
Why does this goddamn thing not work?! Have a useless piece of expensive  equipment sitting here!!
Terrible. Doesn't work. Tried everything to connect a new device. Is the an update due?
Not even connecting, brought the dot, downloaded the app and the app doesn't do anything but displays the 3 blue dots and that's it. Can't even set it up! Uninstalled and installed 3 times already and still the same.
Basically errors and disconnects every few months takes up an hour to fix
I can't even start to use my echo because the app won't open. So I guess I have an Amazon Alexa paperweight.
App doesn't even work anymore after the conversations update. Crashes on launch
Wont start half of the time. Tired of starting stopping and reloading. Online help useless
Loved it till the newest update screwed everything up with my philips hue. Reset my echo's and it's not the hue as it works with other things I have for it without problems please fix!
Echo couldn't find most of the news features and podcasts that I like.  On top of that, Echo seldom responded to the various suggested prompts.  Generally a disappointment.
When adding the Hue skill or my Google calendar, as soon as I sign in it just moves to the home page without completing the action - very frustrating.
Had my echo dot and app for about 2 weeks. Not been able to use the app as the app takes over 10 minutes to load. Amazon need to put some investment into this and sort it out.
After App update, it just crashes on startup. Unable to set anything up. Running latest Android 7.1.
Error 505, it will not install for me on a Samsung Galaxy Note 5 :(
Came preinstalled on my Amazon exclusive phone. Worked to set up my echo and hasn't worked since. I can't uninstall/reinstall since it came on the phone. Useless.
Samsung Galaxy S7 on Android 7.0:  App has recently been rendered useless. Unable to do anything with it and it seems to have bricked my Echo. Total failure from the dev team.
Disappointed! Purchased 3 echo dots to use drop in feature advertised, NO conversation icon and no way to sign up. Called cutomer serv, emailed, sent screen prnt, Nobody can  help. Wasted close to $200, phone 5.0, live in US
I like the Amazon Echo functionality but the App has way to many bugs and most of the time is unusable to the point it will not load at all, it needs to be fixed asap
Rubbish. Since the last update I can't use the app. Just sits there thinking loading ... Think I'll cancel my Amazon subscription and go to Google.  Utter useless. Just don't bother
What a joke just got my echo today, thought I'd set it up before I went to sleep 40 minutes later still sat waiting for the setup to launch. Will be putting it back in the box tomorrow and sending back.
The app doesn't work on my Samsung Galaxy S8!! So disappointing as you need the app to access the features!!
Doesn't stay connected to android phone well, you constantly get the error message that it's disconnected and when it does work on the rare and I many really rare occasion it's excruciatingly slow
I recently bought a tap knowing that I could use it with a hand-free mode, but I cannot seem to find the option on the app anywhere, and now considering about returning this useless thing just taking up space in my home.
Causes Google app to become unusably slow then crash.  Android 7.  Problem presents when Alexa app installed, disappears when Alexa app is removed
It freezes up on me constantly, we use Alexa for our shopping list but have an impossible time accessing it when we're out. It's been causing problems and not making life easier.
Gutted.. ..have 4g phone but cannot get app to work ....just three dots ...so can't follow online instructions ..as app dies not boot up ..no telephone help line ...so looks like 53 down the drain ....i have wasted a day of my life too.....so disappointed
Very poor app Would not set up my new echo dot using my Nexus 6 (android 7.0) Had to use my LG gpad 8.3 (android 6.0.1) Come on Amazon It's a Nexus device  make it work...
Gave up after 10 instances where it wasn't connected to my Echo after waiting 15 minutes. How difficult could that fundamental task be?
This app is garbage, I was waiting for like 5 minutes to say your paired but it just froze on me
Amazon, I need help! I have the echo but app crashes what can I do to get this working?? Is there another way to setup Alexa??
Can't do anything it just loads and loads forever to no avail i can't connect my echo  because i need the app to do it so i guess im returning my echo congrats on losing a customer ill get a google home btw im using a galaxy s8 so no reason for it not to work its a brand new phone
A waste of time honestly. Every item listed in this app is unavailable for my device ( Samsung Galaxy Note 5). I'm starting to rethink my Amazon membership as well.
I don't know what the app does bc it won't load. I open it and get 3 dots that never stop and when I open the home menu and select something I get the same 3 dots. This app is literally pointless!
I have to login every day. Very annoying. Old version never logged me out. Also, it's SO SLOW. It takes forever to open.
App doesn't work. Launching app sticks on the accept tos page. Pressing continue gives an error "unable to reach cloud" rendering my Amazon echo useless. Thanks for that
Recently I am trying this app with Echo and it is frustrating, especially music and books screen shows  error always even after I uploaded music to my library it still show error in app and echo says no music found.
Literally doesn't even work on my Google Pixel anymore. Tried reinstalling, resetting my phone, etc. My echo is having problems connecting to the internet, and I can no longer do anything about it! I can log in, but that's it.. the rest of my experience involves a loading icon, and a completely unresponsive app.
Freezes constantly. Slow to load anything, often will just get stuck loading and then crash.  UI is hard to navigate and counter-intuitive
Seriously, so many changes in the app Everytime I open it. And can figure out how to call my dot now
Still does not let me register the Echo device to my network. It does not even give me a login pop-up. It does not seem to notice my Cisco needs a password.
Bought my dot on prime day. Still trying to set it up. It's not communicating with the app at all causing me to start over and over. Just re installed the app let's see if it works for the tenth time... Probably not.
This app hasn't worked in over a month since the big changes. Always crashes.
I can't even get it to work. Constantly crashes.
Latest update has made the app less reliable
Absolutely no way to search for artists or songs in Music Unlimited is RIDICULOUS. Add a search function!
App doesn't work! Sort it out! 150 for something that doesn't work! Not happy!!!!
Worst app I ever used. Slow, stuck all the time.
Freezes and only lets me use conversations which I DO NOT WANT. Guess I'm switching to Google home
Terrible lately. Cannot pull up lists easily anymore
When I can get it to play MY music (not Amazon Prime) and do most of the things I ask I'll let you know.
b"Brilliant at first now for some reason now matter how many times I have tried this app just won't open whatsoever,I've uninstalled and  re-installed,I've rebooted phone nothing works it just won't open now what do I do with my new echo dot and setting up new things on it etc..........I'm fuming ??????"
This app will not load at all...all I get is three blue dot going across the screen. just purchased the dot and I can not even use it ...this is ridiculous...please help!!!!!!
An sich bin ich mit der app ziemlich zufrieden. Allerdings wrde ich mir noch ein widget fr die Termiene wnschen (so etwas wie einen Kalender)
Spends forever loading, doesn't work at all
Stopped working after update. Just complete junk now like most Amazon software.
Garbage. The app doesn't work with samsung S8+. The Echo is going back to Amazon
After logging in just hangs there and finally says no Internet connection - err yes there is - no problems with my wifi
Received the echo today and downloaded the app for it. Loaded on my Android LG-K550, Stylus 2 Plus, device. Started the app, entered my amazon userid and password, and waited and waited while watching 3 blue balls lighting up from left to right, over and over again. Tried everything everyone else trued and finally gave up. Used my laptop to log into amazon to get my echo set up. EXTREMELY DISPLEASED WITH A WASTE OF SPACE TAKEN UP BY THIS APP ON MY PHONE. AMAZON YOU NEED TO GET THIS FIXED!!!!!!!
Causes Google app to become unusably slow then crash.  Android 7.  Problem presents when Alexa app installed, disappears when Alexa app is removed
Useless, the app used to work but now just have a spinning wheel and fails to connect.
Does what it needs to but where is the calling feature and how can we finalise the drop in function without the conversation tab?
App won't load, just shows the three blue dots after signin and nothing happens. Uninstalled and reinstalled loads of times.
Worst app for amazon! You have to scroll thru throusands of artists to find who you want, cant type in to search!
The lights double every few hours which makes this thing useless.
It just stays on the same page. Won't load and won't let me do anything!!! I hate it.
Stuck on loading screen on my Google pixel can't do anything even after a recent update
Gave up trying to download this app after 20 minutes, maybe a warning after reading reviews
Keep crashing after starting up.  Uninstalled and reloaded, same issue for android phone.
Amazon, I need help! I have the echo but app crashes what can I do to get this working?? Is there another way to setup Alexa??
Its great,but it does not know the definition of a lot of words. Can someone make a psychology word definition skill?
Failed to setup a new Echo using android app. Had to do it in iOS
Phone barely works after installing this on Pixel XL. Can't make a regular call without force reboot. Then it will work until I open the app again. Then no phone calls again.
It didnt work on my LG tablet and kept saying ' could not reach the cloud ' so 0 stars
Can't activate the Hands-free mode on my Alexa Tap and it's really starting to annoy me.
Connection keeps timing out I cant set up my echo
I love the app,  hate having to wait for it to start every time the screen closes
It won't let me set up the echo dot I do everything it says and it keeps doing nothing I'm so pissed
Works with my S7 but no Drop In for UK owners.... Not good enough.
Doesn't work on my Xiaomi MI5. Uninstalled / cleared cache / restarted phone / set permissions /etc etc. All to no avail
Couldn't get it to work on my S7. Had to use my daughter's S4 to set it all up. Maybe a nougat issue.
This app just doesn't work. The settings won't even load up.
Would not finish Echo Dot setup.  Tried on 2 different Dots.
A pretty mediocre setup app. Lacks informative feedback during device registration. Often hangs. Can't really do much with it, e.g. search music and send it to an Echo device or search video and send it to a Fire device.  Drop in is notably absent. Just bought a second Echo to use the Drop in Intercom feature.  After a lot of Googling it's not available in the UK. That's rubbish. The US/UK feature disparity is awfully amateurish.
Unreliable and does not work with my s7
Latest update has made the app less reliable
Used to be good but now it's broken and stuck on start up screen
Where is the conversations icon? No where to be found. Galaxy Note 2, 4.4.2, Verizon
Always says that Alexa has stopped. And then it closes.
I think anytime the word if God is spoken and we hear it is a Great thing. Thank God for the new technology of Alex.
b"Brilliant at first now for some reason now matter how many times I have tried this app just won't open whatsoever,I've uninstalled and  re-installed,I've rebooted phone nothing works it just won't open now what do I do with my new echo dot and setting up new things on it etc..........I'm fuming ??????"
Drop in functionality not working on Android.  Works fine on my iPhone.
It will not sync with my Dot. I just get three flashing dots like the app is still thinking.
The app is extremely slow. Changing music with it is a hassle.
Totally buggy. I am surprised how they released this at this stage! Not a good QA and end product testing I presume
App doesn't work with new update
Setup process doesn't work
App is slow to use. Functions well however
If app doesn't work try turning off WiFi before set up then try again with just mobile data on
I love my Alexa's. These are wonderful for home automation and for just plain entertainment. Now, with the drop in capabilities, their usefulness continues to grow.
Can't connect! This is too costly of a paperweight!
Alexa sucks as bad as Siri, go with Google home
Moronic setup page keeps timing out
Crashes, just a blank home screen, havent even used it yet.
I'm not even really sure it's useful at all.
Takes forever to load. Poorly designed
Loads slow as hell. Every single page.
Doesn't work on Samsung galaxy phone. Too bad
An hour has passed, the home page is still loading. Can't set up my new dot at all.
Bad UI and terribly slow to do anything.
Be nice if Alexa app was hardware agnostic. Newest features only work on specific phones. Not what Amazon is advertising.
Not sure I'd recommend it. Impossible to set it up.
Only thing this app does well is crash
Does not work for Google pixel phone.
The echo is alright one thing that will make it awesome if you add sound cloud app with the Alexa thing
It's very slow. Every menu takes forever to load.
It won't open once I sign in it just keeps flashing 3 blue dots.. Can't do anything with it on the new HTC U11
Crashes every time I try to upload a photo. Samsung s7.
Runs poorly on Samsung s6. Unresponsive. Slow. Hard to select music
Always 6 to 9 months behind US. Treated as second class. Why  couldn't get calling and text at the sametime
All my Echos do not play music from Prime after update 7/15/17. Pandora &amp; Tunein work, but not Prime. :(
App won't let me get past the sign in screen. Bought the echo and now cannot use it because of this app.  If the app uses "Android Web View" in the newer versions of android, this app is disabled... Running Android 7.1.1
Would not finish Echo Dot setup.  Tried on 2 different Dots.
Where's the call feature in the UK
Horrible buggy app
Completely broken. Crashes at startup.
Ap will not work
Update made the app stop working
Trying to connect to Echo Dot 2nd gen for past 1 hour, still I cant connect to it.
Got an echo for my birthday. Downloaded the app to set it up, and it doesn't even start.
Everything works fine except xm radio.  And the app doesn't want to open sometimes.
I bought 2 echo dots and my alexa app doesn't have the messaging feature
When are we getting phone call functionality in the UK
My app won't open up for me to see what I can do
Cannot even play music from my prime membership
Really awful navigational and aesthetic design. It works moderately well otherwise. Overall a resounding meh.
Doesn't do anything useful
Plugged in my Dot, it can't connect to the WiFi, and the Alexa app perpetually hangs just navigating to Settings.
Had to use my ipad to setup Alexa. Could not use my Samsung Note.
I love my Echo, but it is noticeable how this app was made by amateurs in Android development.
After big update the app won't keep credentials and takes forever to load making it unusable.
Buggy. Can't log into my account. Won't take the security log in. Uninstalling
Downloaded again as wouldn't login. And still won't login just white screen and 3 blue dots as if trying.
HTC U11 - Just like having a Amazon echo in my pocket.
This will never connect to my phone the app just stay on the loading screen
I cannot open app at all on my Pixel XL !! Used to work before update.
Drop in not working. Keeps telling I need to enable drop in but have it enabled...
I wish the app would open to the home screen and not the conversations screen.
The Alexa App does need a new layout to it, font size option and different icon bubble.
Rubbish..  won't even load!!
WORST DESIGNED MUSIC APP EVERRRRRRRR
App keeps crashing!
Please add a feature to make a radio alarm, then will change to 5*
Doesn't work!
b"Can't connect to Alexa. Idk why is not working. I followed all directions. It shouldn't be that difficult. There had to be another app for this. It won't connect to wifi at all ??????"
The app is trying to force me to set up messages. A number of people use the echo, so it doesn't make sense to set it up that way. Apparently won't do anything until I do: impass.
I love it but it's so stupid because it keeps on telling me that it can't download
App no longer works, you only see the loading screen when you open it.
App won't open after initial install.  The 3 dots just blink and blink
Used to work, but now it force closes immediately upon opening the app. Can't use it at all.
Latest update is not loading App at all. S8 on latest Android.
All my Echos do not play music from Prime after update 7/15/17. Pandora &amp; Tunein work, but not Prime. :(
Drop in from phone no longer working.
3 BLUE DOTS SPINNING SUCKS
Where is calling on Android??
Confusing mess.
It will be perfect of I can set the time in 24 hour format.
Don't open on my samsung s7
The functions for changing settings in accounts is not working or is not enabled
Got an echo for my birthday. Downloaded the app to set it up, and it doesn't even start.
It is useful for a lot of tasks and music cause who doesn't like music right
Keeps starting over and  losing all information.  I've had to delete app over and over.  Needs a lot of work.
I have to sign in every time i open the app
The app won't open anymore even after updating.....
App missing the Communication button for setup, please fix.
Best thing that  came to my life
App is just not operating.  Installed  uninstalled reinstalled. Nothing
She needs to get her hearing checked.
Doesn't work - hands after successful login in constant loading
I love my Echo, but it is noticeable how this app was made by amateurs in Android development.
Needs real release notes
Features referenced on update not available
Doesn't work with Galaxy S6. How the hell this isn't fixed already is shameful...
It would be awesome if I could move it to my external storage
Feels too glitchy.
Can't use this app..crashes after opening. Please fix it :(
My app continue to shut.down. I've tried uninstalling and reinstall. If.someone can help. Pls suggest
App is super slow
Would not open on Galaxy Tab
b'Logged in and will not load Samsung s8????'
Help doesn't help.
Cant find a way to search for a song
Won't even launch.
Nothing loads after update
I love it, especially for the music. Also like the list and for the reminder.
I like this App, I like the Amazon alexa.
Pretty fun device. I have the dot and so far no complaints.
Wont load kinda makes it a paper Weight
Doesn't work
Where's the Call feature for UK users . . .
Can't use it without an Amazon device or 3rd party app... Uninstalled
Good but says I don't know that one to much
Works as it should and always updating to make it smarter and better.
b'Tacant acces clud ????????????????'
Keine Suchfunktion
App sucks
My echo. Is great
Good deal early morning music
I love it It's like Siri
Love My Amazon Echo...
room for improvement
It is horrible
Helpful with management of healthcare podcasts AlzheimersIQ
Good app for getting new info on Alexa abilities
Good but should be able to connect with more apps.
What a great app when paired with a echo, dot, tap, or other Alexa compatible device.
Just doesn't seem to work that often....
Alexa is nice. But the app needs attention.
Cannot connect
I love it. Very useful
Tnq for tihs app and Tnq  amazonnnnn Alexa is very very good
It Worked really well with my Echo Dot.
Would like more app interaction
Help doesn't help.
Amazing Best thing ever
Alexa is great but this app needs some work.
It's great but has room to improve.
Not working, returning...
Won't even launch.
Very slow
When is the drop in and call features arriving in the UK ????? Anyone ????
Ok but lots of room for improvement
Once installed very easy to use.
I LOVE it.      Thanks
Will not connect... #sucks
Would be great if it worked
Slow and buggy
BEST APP EVER
Really Great!
All I'd does is load...and load....aaaaaand load.........and guess what!?.... LOAD
D nothing to judge
b"App won't open ??"
How do you get Alexa to stop doing something from the app? I accidentally started her reading a book downstairs and had to go downstairs to tell her to shut up.
Cool app
I love it. Now after the update It was showing offline. I couldn't get it to connect from my phone I was getting blank screen. When I unplugged the power cord from the device and plugged it back in. It reconnected to my Wi-Fi and showed online on my phone. Back to music yes
Love it
How have you gone from love to hate so quickly? And where is tech support? They will not even acknowledge my request for support with my 5 dots. At this rate you will go from leader to could have been very quickly.
Lately the Alexa app has been crashing with alarming regularity. Google Assistant really has a corner on the market and nothing else can touch it at this point. I like Amazon Alexa just because of the devices are really cool and the concept is really cool but the implementation needs work.
Awesome
The Echo dots I purchased will not hook up to WIFI, it stops at a blank set up screen. Amazon had no idea what to do to fix it. I am returning both of the Echo dots that I purchased. This app and the support is horrible.
Yh
Early days yet. Just trying to figure out a justification for it consuming 150-odd Mb of 'phone memory just for the dubious pleasure of finding out whether it's gonna rain today. Seems I have to dig deep for a subscription to something or the other- ("Prime"  I guess?) just to get some use out of the wretched thing. Hmmm... Happy birthday to me then.
Since the upgrade i cannot hotspot with my phone. It used to work great. I have 6 dots now all useless. I would rate it a 0 if it were possible as would i rate amazon for forcing a communication network without options.
Cool
great
This is the 3rd version that keeps failing. I have uninstalled and check for updates over and over. One version in between worked but then the next update would keep failing. I liked this app when it worked, would've only given 3 or 4 stars because it's fairly limited.
Can you add the volume control for the echo while connected to a Bluetooth device? It really sucks that when connected to it via Bluetooth device the user has to find the remote or go up to echo to adjust the echo' volume level
It keeps locking up in my phone. I don't want to do the calls portion but there is no way to opt out of that.
This was midly impressive when we got it . Echo dot stopped connecting to wifi numerous times.  Just tried once again to reset wifi in setup just get a blank screen.  Amazon how do I return this for a refund as it is useless.
OK
Best ever!!!
Fab
Awesome
Loved your app
Got this for my birthday today ....go to setup and it wont let me hook.up to thw wifi...just a blank setup screen....im so angry. I uninstalled several times same issue everytime. I was so excited and now I cant even use it ...thanks a lot
Great app
Alexa is amazing
Just bought a refurbished device. During Wi-Fi setup it takes me to a blank unresponsive page, and I have no choice but to force close the app. Can't even use the thing. Returning for a Google Home
The app is very helpful with getting ideas on how to optimize my use of Alxea. I would like to be able to see a list of the skills that I've enabled, so that I don't forget them, and because it's time consuming scrolling back through the entire list of skills.
App is unusable after first use. Set up basic details and now it won't load anything. Can't visit other screens, it hangs when loading, and is unresponsive when trying to troubleshoot.
Its awsome
Awfuk
Yep... Good app
Love it
Love it
BEST APP EVER
It's amazing
I can't make Alexa calls from app. Says unable to try again later. I got a new phone few days ago too. Oneplus 5. Is this a phone issue or new app version issue?
Loved it until it started trying to force me to enable calls &amp; texts. Every time I open the app or try to reset my echo (we moved),  I flat out can't unless I allow calls &amp; texts. I don't want them, stop trying to make me enable that feature. New update, same issue
b'Using this forum to make a request. Can somebody program the Alexa to say your welcome if I instinctively say thank you after making a request of it? It would the polite thing to do and would complete the experience. Just food for thought. ??'
S..l..o...w......
As of recent update (today is 6/29), STILL HAVING THE SAME PROBLEMS!  STILL can't set up my Amazon Tap because it's just a blank setup screen, like many others are saying. PLEASE FIX THIS. My Tap has been a paperweight since I bought it weeks ago.
It suddenly started working again, but reliability is still a problem. I often get a "Alexa app is offline" error message.
Changed from 1 to 3. Got a call from a rep from Amazon and was told how to connect the dot as the app just hung. The app works well for everything else just not the set up.... Thank you to the rep!!
It's like watching a child grow. Still an infant but getting smarter as time passes. If you have problems with function, give her a time out.  Reboot by unplugging and plug it back in.
It used to  work but now that I moved I too get the blank setup screen and the Echo Dot just keeps flashing the orange light. Amazon, why can't you fix this?!?!
It's a good assistant app, though I wish Alexa could do things instead of say "look at your app for cloud details" on certain things, like trying to cancel multiple timers
Needs camera permission to drop in when neither I nor the person I'm contacting have the echo show. Separate the permissions instead of bunching them together.
It's a great app. They've fixed the slow loading issue but it could still be more responsive. New drop-in feature is awesome.
Used to be great.  Now I can't set up my echo because the app no longer works.
Error with the Setup function via the mobile route... tried multiple times to get it to progress, nothing happened.. Just came up every time with a blank screen. Had to setup with my laptop instead. Seattle... you have a problem...
Buggy and annoyingly slow - there is also currently a memory leak as it eats away my battery life at an increasing rate even when sleeping
Last two update brought crashes to this app instead of improvements. Not even been able to use it any more. Got get it fix
App is all jumbled text into one screen. Imagine how a broken webpage looks. That's how this app looks
I liked it. Alexa is awesome. Only one problem. You need spotify premium to play spotify on Alexa. I'd give 5 stars if we could use the free version of spotify too. Otherwise, it's awesome.
Pathetic....try to open the app just get blue dots... Then if it opens whatever I choose it just goes to a blank white screen. Echo in the bin..!!!
I never had a problem with previous versions. Just got a new phone and now nothing is working properly. I can't set up new dots I bought. I just get a screen with spinning circle
How have you gone from love to hate so quickly? And where is tech support? They will not even acknowledge my request for support with my 5 dots. At this rate you will go from leader to could have been very quickly.
Lately the Alexa app has been crashing with alarming regularity. Google Assistant really has a corner on the market and nothing else can touch it at this point. I like Amazon Alexa just because of the devices are really cool and the concept is really cool but the implementation needs work.
Updated the app yesterday and now my wink lights don't respond even though Echo acts like it completed the function properly. Was working great until this update.
UPDATE: Drop in feature wasnt authroized to be on. Went into settings and was on. Be aware to double check. ....Love that they keep adding things to it. spotify is a.big deal as.i don't have.time to continue to upload my music to amazon
Just opened my EchoDot an gour ago but app will not allow setup.. brings me to wifi setup page but it is blank and unresponsive.. whackkkk!!!
It's been trash lately can't even set it up. Used to be great and worked seamlessly, need it fixed as soon as possible.
Unable to set up Echo after many attempts even resorting to disabling WiFi smart switch. Now have a 150 paperweight.
It does not work with my Moto Z cell phone
App works, but i get tired of hearing "there are multiple devices with that name, which one would you like?" i wish I got a Google home.
Changed phone to Droid g5plus the app will not work, pain in the rear
How the heck are so many users having issues with the app crashing on nougat and no fixes yet?
It keeps locking up in my phone. I don't want to do the calls portion but there is no way to opt out of that.
Doesn't work as advertised.  Now supposed to support Android 4.4 (before that it said 5.0 and before THAT it said 4.0) I'm running Android 4.4.4 and the 'Conversation' link that's supposed to be at the bottom of the screen has never appeared. Can't use features they keep emailing me about how wonderful they are but nothing works. "Try again in a few days" is all they say.
Echo Dot either displaying continuous blue light or resets showing red light. Amazon Alexa app displays blank screen on Galaxy S4. Device or service e or app or all three have become unreliable.
Worked great with my Galaxy S5. Upgraded to a Pixel XL today and...oogatz. Screens randomly don't appear and I really can't do much of anything. Followed all of Amazon's instructions to uninstall/reinstall, clear data,  power cycle phone, to noavail. Can't say if the 6/26 release or my new phone or both is the culprit.
App always closes in 3 seconds on my 1 year old android (yes it's been updated.)  I expect much better results than that from Amazon. It's like a teen making their first ever app.
Cant log ib to the app since it has updated. the challenge is not responsive it's difficult to read.  The option to hear and type numbers also fails to initiate a login it just reverts back to the sign in from the beginning.   After  15 minutes attempting to login to this app I quit.. frustrating.
Since I can't get it to open hard to give it anything other than a 1.
Unresponsive blank white page during set up if setting up on mobile with smart network switch. Turn off smart network switch and you can complete the set up.
Thank you for bringing back landscape mode. I am changing back to 5 stars.
Liked at first but now can't just use echo without setting up texts and messaging that I don't want to use. Just want to change and add other options and can't even do that went from fun to junk
Why do my lists never work when I am at the market? It is almost the only thing I use on the app and it never works. There should always be a saved copy that doesn't require WiFi or cell coverage to access.
Loved it until it started trying to force me to enable calls &amp; texts. Every time I open the app or try to reset my echo (we moved),  I flat out can't unless I allow calls &amp; texts. I don't want them, stop trying to make me enable that feature. New update, same issue
b'Using this forum to make a request. Can somebody program the Alexa to say your welcome if I instinctively say thank you after making a request of it? It would the polite thing to do and would complete the experience. Just food for thought. ??'
I'm trying to connect my Echo but once the app takes me to the setup screen it's just a blank page. When you select the back option it force closes the app all together . Please fix this as I would like to use my device, if not it's going back.
Mega unresponsive like the rest of the reviews.
This is a bad site
It keeps turning off. I have to unplug and plug in again to make it work
Give us a real app already.
Used to be great.  Now I can't set up my echo because the app no longer works.
Needs the option to operate echo by voice via app. If ubi can do it so can you
Blank screen. Fix it
In the set up I get a blank screen can't set it up
App will Not open for 2 weeks, have Uninstalled and reinstalled...Why?
So slow to load sometimes but love the accessibility when working.
Crashes all the time!!
Does not allow Yeelight to enable. Just goes back, in circles.
this app is getting one star until uk version is up to speed with us version and has alexa call function
More stars when Amazon Show is compatible. I tried on the release date and nothing. I want to connect my lights but the app doesn't have the Show yet.
After the recent update app no longer works at all
Since the update it will no longer connect with my Philips Hue bridge, please fix.
Ever since the messenger update the app doesn't run. Force closes every time I open it.
getting better every day,  want better intercom and calling features though
Go to your wi-fi settings, under the advance menu, turn OFF the Auto Network Switch. Your set-up should continue!
It does not work with my Moto Z cell phone
The old app was working great. Then I updated the app and can't get anything to work Please Fix
Brilliant fantastic. Best thing I have ever done by byeing the Amazon Echo Dot..
Changed phone to Droid g5plus the app will not work, pain in the rear
Awful App, loading takes forever
I want to add music don't know how to do it
Freezes my S8 plus hard to add skill in Echo Show through my mobile
Does not work all the time.
I cant get onto alexa voice calling
I love the Echo. I'm bedridden  and really appreciate having it. It makes life a lot easier for me.
Works great again now. Thanks for fixing it.
Amazon is continuously adding features to make Alexa and the devices better...I'd give them a 10 of they'd only lower the walls in their walked garden.
Very hard to use!
App keeps freezing up
Drop-in feature was great I got to use it once and then the next day it stopped working and hasn't worked since.
Landscape mode is okay on my Pixel C but attempting to activate multi window (split screen) via android nougat causes the app to force close.
Can't get it to work
Volume control slider is awful.
It's good app but needs a few improvement like there should be the voice trainer like in the states have, also a few skills don't work!
Keeps freezing on Google pixel phone
Won't work at all with a galaxy s7
It works well
So far so good
Eh.....
Love it
Still need help
Works okay, mostly for weather and phone #s
So slow to load sometimes but love the accessibility when working.
Freezes constantly.
Crashes all the time
Latest app issues...numbee one..once again the alarm function on app gets stuck..i can't set or shut alarm off from app. Two. The design..ugh..awful. Who is testing the functionality of your software? Hire someone new! Three I agree with other users..new app was interfering with wifi connection..i reinstalled several times..deleted everything read some blogs on how to fix..i love alexa but glad you are getting competition in this market..you need the incentive to get things right..this is basic stuff.  .
Lol
Used to work, now it can't even be used to set up Wi-Fi on my dot with my galexy s6. Seems they added a bunch of useless features and broke all the necessary ones. A prime example of improper app development.
It talks too much, doesn't hear me right and goes on about something. Have to wait or yell at it till it shuts up.  Lights reset colors everytime with hue, why have colored lights if it just going to be yellow  by default. It needs an advanced mode, with less instruction and better listening or better stop commands. Even the alarm is impossible to stop with out yelling at it from 3 feet.
Installed the app and logged into my account. Tried to install the dot but nothing happens just a white screen.  I see from other ratings alot of people having the same problem.  When is it going to be fixed? Really looking forward to using this device yet it's been a complete failure and yet no one is resolving it
Thanks Google
Fun
Good app but it drives me nuts how long it takes to load every time.  Also, the new volume control for music is a horrible design! You can't see what level your adjusting to cause your finger is in the way holding the slider. The previous version was better.
Perfect for saving time and getting quick information
It's brilliant xx
Not working on set up screen
Awesome but I don't like that it always disconect.
After the newest update alexa is going back, now you must have my contacts or the app doesn't work. What a bunch of b.s. going to try the Google home I guess. Edit: after allowing my contacts app still broken. Many complaints way to go amazon....
Just doesn't launch!
It's OK...  Works for me what I needed to do..
I love it
Just got an Echo Dot today and I can't get through the app... For some reason when I try to type into any input box the app refuses to bring up the keyboard or will force quit. So I can't get through any steps where I have to type something in. I don't have any special keyboards installed whatsoever; just the default Gboard that comes with my Android. So basically I can't even use this thing I just got.
It,s okay
Love every thing about it .
Much better after the update.
Constantly freezing and glitching. It did not do this until the update where they changed logos. I Have 4 Echoes and the app will get it mixed up all the time no matter which one I'm actually on in the app, especially when it comes to alarms or music.
Good
Well, bought Alexa today. App does not work! Will be taking her in for a return tomorrow and get my money back.  I get 3 scrolling dots and will not navigate. You would think a company this large would have some decent technology for their apps.
Love my Alexa Echo!
I was really enjoying my echo until the update. Now I can't even use my app to sync my phone and echo together. The app will not even go past the setup stage. It's stuck on a blank screen. Wth am I supposed to do with a blank screen???
Can't get it to work
Love Alexa! She helps me very well. I like that she is very helpful but us lacking information. I have to ask Google on my phone for that part. The app is nicely build but when the cards start stacking up then having to remove them starts getting annoying. Needs a "remove all" tab. Love the shopping list. I hope more companies like qvc, hsn, and Wal-Mart start making skills to order stuff.
Love It A Whole Lot To
The app now crashes whenever I try to use it. It's useless. Update: I spent almost 2 hours on the phone with the app developer and they hand no idea how to fix the problem. I see a new version was released since then. I tried it. It still crashes every time. Now I have an Echo I can't control. Waste of money. Save yours.
This is an amazing app. Im very happy with it and it keeps getting better!
Love this app!
The app itself needs fine tuning. Pressing back doesnt take you back to your search page it takes you back to the home page. There could be a little description in each mini pic because selecting each one and then getting sent back to homepage when looking for a new skill gets old fast. The skills are mostly garbage too. Either not written well or really obscure things few people want/need. So far Alexas only useful if you already have a bunch of other things you pay monthly for and alexa binds them together. Not very interesting. Your phone already does that.
When trying to establish WiFi do not use this app on a phone running 7,0 it has a bug attempted with several S6 and S7    I then grabbed my tablet that was running android  5. 1 and it picked up the wifi and was able to set up my second dot other wise the app would just display a blank screen  with no wireless connections to choose from
The original Alexa app was awesome.  You could do everything on it, and it worked well.  Then, a few iterations ago, the app had a massive overhaul, and it SUCKS!  The app freezes constantly, especially when trying to engage the alarms feature; you can no longer search for music through the app, itself, so functionality is lost; etc.  Truly, the Alexa app is truly, truly terrible.  If you are trying to decide between Google Home and Alexa, I might recommend Google Home now... and this is coming from someone who has invested in two Alexa speakers and loves (or, loved) them.
I used to like the app very much and then some moron decided it would be a good idea to make landscape mode unavailable. It gets very tiresome flipping your tablet and stand back and forth to accommodate apps that are only available in portrait mode.
Now on the 5th update since calls/messaging supposedly available, and still no Conversation menu item in the app. Samsung Tab E tablet, new, stock, 6.0.1. Four emails, followed all recommendations, no solution forthcoming. Sucks. Update: Seems WiFi only devices are not supported. I have a cell, just not 'smart' device. Two high-end tablets, WiFi only. No one at Amazon thought to pass this along? Epic.
On my Android it doesn't see the setup for the echo. And I get a blank screen. On my iOS device it gets past that screen and says connected but won't let me click on the continue button the app freezes. If support can contact me to get the details I can provide.
App just keeps spinning blue lights when you try to go to settings. I just want to be able to order something I've been ordering from Amazon for over a year but Alexa can't find my previous orders. They certainly know where my credit card number is though. We have two big Alexa's and one dot. Can't return them and can't use them...thanks Amazon
Awful technology. Connecting echo to wifi is a convoluted process, and echo forgets my wifi info every time it's unplugged or the power goes out. Absolutely embarrassing.
App burned through 50% of my monthly data allowance in the background in the last 12 hours. Not done anything different.
I like other users have a Samsng s7 edge with up to date softare and a Galaxy tab s2 10. latest software and neither of these devices will setup the wifi connection. Tried 2 dots both the same, reset x3, uninstalled and re installed app 3 x on tab and phone  ..... guess what .  it still doesn't work. I've tried both dots also on vodafone mifi and sky broadband.  no joy. goes to a blank white screen at wifi setup and sits there forever. This app is definitely the problem and I must admit the programming is shoddy to say the least. Either that or Amazon don't like Samsung devices. oh well another going back to the shop for a refund. Nice 1
Have been trying to get the app to work on my Google pixel XL with no luck. Apparently the only thing I can do is send a message to another Alexa user
Latest app issues...numbee one..once again the alarm function on app gets stuck..i can't set or shut alarm off from app. Two. The design..ugh..awful. Who is testing the functionality of your software? Hire someone new! Three I agree with other users..new app was interfering with wifi connection..i reinstalled several times..deleted everything read some blogs on how to fix..i love alexa but glad you are getting competition in this market..you need the incentive to get things right..this is basic stuff.  .
Keep crashing at "Loading Conversation" screen! Unusable! Please fix asap! I am on Nougat!  latest update on 6/13 didn't fix the issue, unbelievable!
These features and I would've given a 5 star. Being able to link my tunein account. The ability to remove favorited podcast/station in tunein, (You can add but not remove). Also the ability to use voice commands with tunein to play podcasts in chronological order from first episode to last. The use of voice commands to play certain episodes of podcasts. The ability to fast forward/rewind in epiodes of podcasts. Until these features are added there is no point to include tunein as an in app feature. It actually makes using the in app version very frustrating and as useful as any generic bluetooth speaker. Please and thank You.
I have a couple Echo devices around the house and love them for various uses, especially home automation. You need this app to configure those echo devices.  However, Amazon in the past few iterations has added "Alexa Calling" to the app and the echoes and they rope you into activating it. Not only is it a manipulative and sleazy way to get people to "opt-in" (by making it very difficult to avoid opting in and still using the product), it also doesn't let you turn the feature off, you HAVE TO CALL AMAZON CUSTOMER SUPPORT to disable a very invasive unwanted and nearly useless feature.  Super sleazy on Amazon's part. Especially for an app with so many rampant privacy issues.
Keeps crashing. I managed to set up alexa but cant open app anymore at all
With all the promotions that amazon is doing to market this product, you would think they would hire competitive developers to develop, maintain and be proactive about the app.  It is awfully full of glitches and I regret giving the dot to several of my friends as presents. Do not buy alexa as a gift to someone.  I've gone to friends' houses to find out they don't use them because it is always "offline". If you are thinking of buying, explore google. You don't want to be stuck with alexa products and accessories that do not have good back-up support.
This is a poor app, you have to trawl through several pages to get to simple tasks. And you cant do a search for song or artist via the app, only a complete A-Z list? What? Also, why can't you stream a song direct from Amazon Music? You can from the 3rd party Spotify app. Come on Amazon, more work needed. And when are phone calls coming to the UK?
b"I have relied heavily on the list feature and have always accessed it at the grocery store. Now it doesn't work at all! The list won't load and it freezes every time I try to scroll down or delete an item. Truly frustrating ??"
I have a S7 and my wife has an iPhone. The problem is the same on both. Half of the time it won't load shopping list. Incredibly slow.
Well you've taken an app that worked perfectely and updated till it will no longer even load. Pretty sad since I use the device and app regularly and now it will not work at all. Update, still doesn't work. Update again, crash, crash, crash. This has been weeks now since the big update and it still won't even open. Fix this or refund the device it's connected to. Yet another update that doesn't fix the app. Still will not even open. Why is it this difficult to make an app that was working, work again! Update 8 June, still will not even open after login and confirming ID. Will not even ask if I want to report it after it crashes. Fail! Well yet another update that does not fix the issue of the app not being able to even open. Not even a dialog bog to teport it crashing. Very clever. Not sure who's in charge of this department but they need to be replaced. Please fix or revert back to the version that actually worked. That would be nice.
The new version is terrible. Significant functionality has been lost or made more complicated. For example the volume is now much more difficult to control compared to the old version. Nor can I stream my wife's prime music anymore, though she still pays for the prime subscription. (Two months later and still terrible! )
Since the update, I have not been able to link any of my music accounts. App says app support unavailable... Please fix this, we pay for the services expecting it to work smoothly.
Volume control is nearly unusable. Pro tip until they fix it: hold down the icon, then slide to a different level.
This app used to be great. It has to be a compatibility issue now or something but it is super buggy. I have a Galaxy S6 and cannot setup the App through my phone. It just takes me to a blank useless screen. My wife's IPhone works however-but her account doesn't have all my music and prime etc...its a pain. I check almost daily to see if they have updated it to fix. Nothing now for weeks. Very frustrating. When. I contacted them with a time to call back they never did. Definitely disappointed. My Alexa deviced (2 of them) are effectively  paper weights untill they fix this app update.
Decent device, terrible app. Latest version will no longer locate my echo spontaneously and setup fails with a white blank screen and no error message. This is horrible software development.
Dear Amazon this is really lovely and a step towards the future. However the set up on the app looses a point for not letting people know that they could save a great deal of time searching for a solution to the problem of them reaching the set-up page to find it constantly remains a blank screen without it ever connecting. Amazon you could simply correct this by informing Samsung s7 customers to disable auto network switching (in WiFi settings/more) first! Otherwise, good job!
**SAMSUNG USERS** Connecting to Wi-Fi  First make sure the device is registered to your Amazon account. Second go to Wi-Fi advance settings and disable Smart Network Switch. This is preventing the app from finding Wi-Fi signal. I spent a half hour with customer service to get these simple instructions.
Got the Amazon Echo Dot for my birthday this past May. Installed this app and still nothing. So frustrated. Should've asked for Google Home.
Biggest problem is they tour you can now call and message using Alexa but only if they also have Alexa. Being able to make calls and use as a Bluetooth speaker should be already a capability.
Playing music through the app use to be easy and good. After this upgrade, it is truly terrible. I can't figure how to just find and artist and play that genre of music. Plus, the app in the music section looks primitive like a 5 year old made it. WTH.
b"Wtf!!! I've just bought this and the app can't even find the echo device??? Help needed but judging by some of the comments i may as well send it back for a refund... pissed off... i doubt Amazon will respond either... ridiculous.. the only dots i see are in the app trying to find the f-ing device.. sending it back.. there's a waste a 30 mins of my life i wint get back ??"
Constantly freezing and glitching. It did not do this until the update where they changed logos. I Have 4 Echoes and the app will get it mixed up all the time no matter which one I'm actually on in the app, especially when it comes to alarms or music.
Unusable! On a Google pixel, have tried uninstalling and reinstalling multiple times, but when attempting to go to any other page than the opening one (i.e. settings, which is necessary to set up the actual device) it stays on the loading screen indefinitely. Well maybe not indefinitely, but I let it sit for 15 minutes to "load" and then gave up.
Horrible. Slowest app ever. Asked to look at my shopping list which has 3 items on it. 2 FULL minutes later it was still processing. Rebooted phone. Same problem. Watched movie on phone, no issues-obviously not the phone or my network.
I've been trying to connect my echo dot to my new WiFi connection for days but when I get to "setup", I am left with nothing but a blank white screen. No loading dots, no indication as to how long or if the white screen will ever produce the "setup" screen. Very mysterious, slightly coy...but mostly super annoying tbh.
This is the worst app on my phone.  I can never open my shopping list. Although every great now and again it will open after minutes of trying.
The app keeps crashing/stopping on my device. It used to work, but now it doesn't. That's a deal breaker.
Will not install. Only get error 505. App will install on my old S4 without issue. Seems to be something with Marshmallow. Please fix this app or let everyone know how to adjust their phone to allow install.
It's finally working and I haven't used it enough yet to give it a better rating so we will see. I don't like that I have to upgrade to spotify premium to use spotify on this but other than that it's alright so far.
Latest update STILL  doesn't work. Delete this app!  This app won't work at all. New update terrible!
After this update, all my groups I'd set up previously are no longer visible (but still work). New groups are not recognised by Alexa... It's basically frozen in time before the last update and I can no longer and any new skills or commands...  We'll I can add them but Alexa doesn't respond to them. It's gone from goof to junk.
Can't even set up the device for use!  The application sits on a white screen when attempting to connect to my network. Restarted both devices, uninstalled and reinstalled the app. No dice... Disappointed
Literally non-functional. Doesn't work at all. Just got the Echo as a gift but the app won't start up. I guess I'll have to return the Echo and go with Google's equivalent.
App hardly runs on my galaxy s8.  (Ran fine on my s6.)  Couldn't even finish setup.  App wouldn't start setup upon first use.  Had to delete all stored Alexa app data before it finally ran setup... then, after connecting to Wi-Fi, I couldn't get thru the intro video; kept stopping every second or so.  Got half way thru when video just stopped... Sat there with the play button visible but unresponsive.  Killed app and restarted... Now, taking forever to enter settings.  Will try the iPhone next
This is way too slow ... Get ride of conversation junk .... Let users configue the default screen ... Most disapointung Amazon app I've ever used
I was psyched to get my Dot bc I have very limited vision and this would help me alot to "hear things" instead of trying to read things.  I agree with all the other reviews,  the app sucks.  It doesn't open and it's been days now that I have the dot but can't use it.  It won't even hook up with Wi-Fi.
Love Amazon Echo, but this app's interface is really poor and often I have restart it because menus are empty. Select Tune In radio tab and often there's nothing there.
Like everyone else says, originally the app worked after all these overhauls now I can't even log in to the app. You need to fix it or I'm getting a Google home.
App doesn't work on Google Pixel phone. Three dots rolling. Doesn't initialise. Can't access the app.
Aaaargh!!! What on EARTH made Amazon pick BING as the *only* search engine this app will use. I have literally ZERO trust in bing and use the world's leading search engine every time, not that noddy piece of nonsense. Please say least LET ME CHOOSE Google!!!
Since the patch to add texting the app will not open.  Amazon is making no attempt to fix.  Junk app don't waste your time with it.
Awful technology. Connecting echo to wifi is a convoluted process, and echo forgets my wifi info every time it's unplugged or the power goes out. Absolutely embarrassing.
It just quit working... tried uninstalling it and then reinstalling it. Still doesn't work. In fact my Alexa won't connect to my computer anymore by Bluetooth.
It took me 5 times to get it passed the loading dots to setup my echo dot. Now working great
This version is horrible, the only thing I us Alexa for is to control my home automation, well the home control section in the app hardly ever comes back just 3 blinking dots.. Maybe time to try Google Home.
Setup was clunky. The setup app froze several times, and passing on a feature, like integrating messaging, was not possible.
App gets stuck at setup, just get a white screen. This product relies on an app that doesn't work, total waste.  On Galaxy S8+.
Alexa uses bing &amp; bing is a horrible search engine. Good for turning on &amp; off Bluetooth lights.
All I get now are the 3 blue loading dots. It never connects. App is unusable.
Most recent update does not fix the app freezing issue on the Alarms screen so even this glorified alarm clock radio is near useless.
I have a S7 and my wife has an iPhone. The problem is the same on both. Half of the time it won't load shopping list. Incredibly slow.
The alarm section of the app is almost unusable, freezes and glitches 100% of the time. Had issues on two different phones.
It keeps discovering devices that I've told it to forget, with no option to keep devices forgotten. It's frustrating when you have multiple Smart Home devices in the house named the same thing.
This app is terribly slow. There needs to be a way for timers and alarms to be deleted all at once instead of one at a time. It also takes forever for an item to be deleted off of the to-do or shopping lists. Disappointed..
Thank you for fixing it so i changed my review not sure what fixed it maybe your amount of updates or unistalling and re installing but any way love the new calling and being able to block contacts add phone calls 2 like google home and that 4 star will be 5
I've been trying to setup my echo for over a month now and it won't go past the blank setup screen. Looks like I just wasted my money.
App is really poor after update. Cannot setup new wifi or use at different peoples house because you cannot re enter setup mode successfully
Worst app and product ever spent over 5 hours on the phone with amazon they told me to go get a new phone and it might work do not get Alexa get a Google home or Bixby
App crashes whenever you root around in settings. So if happy with a lot of defaults, good for you. The rest is good.
We got an amozon echo for Christmas and now we have to return it because the app won't even load!! It just sits there buffering and buffering I know for a fact it's not my phone's or my networks fault, we are just going to return it and get the equivalent Google home. DO NOT GET ECHO, GO WITH GOOGLE HOME
Every time I let Google update the app, it breaks it.  Then I have to uninstall and go to Amazon app store and install from there. It then works. This has been going on for weeks. Skip this download and go to the source to download.
I can't use the app. Nothing will load up. It's very frustrating!!
Won't play music library makes u pay for music on 3rd party app, and its won't turn up loud only has one volume on the dot
This is the worst app on my phone.  I can never open my shopping list. Although every great now and again it will open after minutes of trying.
Used to be a great app. Now it's just garbage. Loads so slow that I am thinking about uninstalling.
Just about every time I ask alexa something she can't NEVER answer it! And the phone stuff don't work! She say she can't find the person name but she say it just like it is in my contacts! I got too call her name like three times before she say how can I help you! I'm going to try that Google one because this is crazy for real!
b'Man when i got this app it was going like a turd in the punch bowl! But then I connected to my echo for and everything was amazing!!!??'
The app won't even let me log in! Sitting on 3 dots loading! Worked on my daughters iphone with my Amazon login details but not on my galaxy s8! Tried numerous installs and restarts of my phone, beyond frustrated!!!!
It's finally working and I haven't used it enough yet to give it a better rating so we will see. I don't like that I have to upgrade to spotify premium to use spotify on this but other than that it's alright so far.
App doesn't want to load any other section besides the conversation page. If I click anything else it is stuck on the loading page, was good when it actually worked.
Still no facility on app to make calls or send messages on Alexa even though update was in May.
When will chat be available in the UK, or am I missing something...
I can't use my Dot, because this app freezes on Wi-Fi setup, so, if I can't use the Dot properly, I'm just going to return it back to Best Buy, and get Google Home!
It was nice when it worked, but now when I open it I am greeted with a never ending loading screen
Doesn't work/stuck at loading after login
Will not allow me to setup the wifi. That app is screwed up.
Original version of the app worked. Now, the app is completely broken and does nothing.
Great for connecting with friends and family all across the country while still being able To continue working as you talk
It's great when I don't know what time it is in the early morning, all I do is ask bc I'm lazy to get up ahha perfect device
Can't set up my second one any one else having this problem
It just quit working... tried uninstalling it and then reinstalling it. Still doesn't work. In fact my Alexa won't connect to my computer anymore by Bluetooth.
Does not work... Won't load further then the beginning
It just crashes and won't work if you don't give it permission to use your contacts
I LOVE my Alexa but the app never opens my lists for this Android user :( that is one of my favorite things about it and I can't use the shopping list when I am shopping :(
Alexa is starting to get more and more useless, lots of commands it used to recognize now just confuse it.
Love how the app makes sure I really really really want to delete something by making me tap delete 15 times. Also really love the captcha that doesn't work when I'm out of the house trying to access my shopping list.
We have always loved our Echo and or Echo Tap, but now it can also stream SiriusXM, which is the one feature we missed having. Now we have it.
Only thing I don't like right now is the volume slider bar it needs to be bigger or be different thank you.
Alexa App will not show keyboard in most fields so I cannot setup properly! Works using Windows PC which I don't have one laying around.
All I get now are the 3 blue loading dots. It never connects. App is unusable.
Downloaded app to troubleshoot problems with Dash wand buyout cannot make changes
App wont open anymore after update. Keeps saying amazon alexa  beta error  and closes.
All I have time to do is Install alexsis and it making it difficult  For me.
I think its horrible. Freezes,  slow,  can't play audible audiobooks without a huge hassle and calling Amazon
It's OK but she only play's some of your favorite songs and she does certain things for u
I've been trying to setup my echo for over a month now and it won't go past the blank setup screen. Looks like I just wasted my money.
I would not let me sign in
The app wont work on android 7.0 on samsung s7 active. Continuous load screen. Have tried restarting, uninstalling, updating android webview... no dice... please amazon update your app.
Love Alexa, hate the app... bought this for my new home but took much longer than i thought. Now that I have my home I can't even set up Alexa because of the app. Wish I could return then and get my money back.
I bought the Amazon Dot 3 weeks ago and downloaded this app to use with it. The app has not worked at all and it continues to show 3 dots without showing the screen. I have uninstalled and reinstalled 2 times to no avail. Because of this, I am limited on what i can do with the Dot. Please fix!
We got an amozon echo for Christmas and now we have to return it because the app won't even load!! It just sits there buffering and buffering I know for a fact it's not my phone's or my networks fault, we are just going to return it and get the equivalent Google home. DO NOT GET ECHO, GO WITH GOOGLE HOME
Stuck on setup white screen !!!!!! Countless times and still can't set it up and I just got it today !!!
I Love alexa!, but this app its just garbage, you are making her look bad, it crashes every 10 second even after cleaning data and cach
Great app for managing my Amazon Tap. If I had to pick one device which is under $100 that is the most important to me, it would be the Tap.
Won't let me update the Wi-Fi goes to a blank setup screen and that's it... So my echo is useless... Any help amazon?
Does not work for my S7 Edge. App just freezes.
I can't use the app. Nothing will load up. It's very frustrating!!
I can't connect all I get is 3 flashing dots, should have left well enough alone.
Cool app. But the response time is extremely slow. They need to fix that asap.
Still learning how to call and message.  I love to be able connect with my Alexa while at work.
Doesn't work. When it did it was great but now nothing loads.
"Bug fixes and performance enhancements "   the new code for "we've  added more adds and comercials"
I can never adjust my alarms because the app always freezes
So cool I use this every day make anything app that's cool like this one
I want the ability to manually add contacts, instead you having access to my entire contact list. Until that happens, the calling feature is dead to me.
It's good and the update to the menu is fine but we need calling stop waiting!!!
The app will not open in set up mode on my phone
Can't set up my second one any one else having this problem
How about removing contacts from the list? Not just blocking them.
Does not work... Won't load further then the beginning
All previous working devices now show offline,,, tried forgetting then discovering devices,,,, no go
App not functioning, unable to connect to device at all
I have installed the app but I can't get passed the loading screen! I'm just getting the continuous the dots...
App won't connect to setup. Worst App ever.
App does not work on GS5
I wanted to use the Alexa" voice commands but this app is only a messenger app that wants to upload your contacts.
App just spins and doesn't hook up after first time.
Crashes phone every time
Would be even more good if we can call all u.s. numbers without alexa app.
This app always freezes and hard to navigate
The app can not setup wifi for echo-dot. The dot says it is connected and go ahead finish setup in the app. However, in the app it just keep spinning  infinity spinning.
Love this app! It has helped me get up to speed with my Echo!
Just a white screen, why not blue?
It's OK. Bit of fun and handy to turn off/on appliances. I use TP link . I'll stick to Sonos
App stops working every single time
It will not load just white screen for 2 days now guess Alexa is going back
I would not let me sign in
Doesn't work on pixel running Android 7.1.2.
Constant disconnects.   Junk.  Will be returning
Won't even connect to my Amazon echo dot
Freezes up constantly
Samsung android setup impossible
Didn't work at all... won't even load
Keeps crashing on my device, android 7.1
It doesn't show me the device on the initial set up
Can't get calling to work at all
Wont open after sign in i have a device that cant use properly dissappinted
Fails A lot
It's great but I still can't believe why you can't control your fire tv stick with the dot
Stucks all the time
She is Amazing!
Great but it can be better.
Meh
I love Alexa!!!
This app is broken
Pish
Love the Echo. One of the most used devices in the house.
This is so awsome and helpful with  your friend who has one!!!!
Don't work
How the heck?? So I place app on homescreen?????
Update not workin, conversation icon not visible
b'Pretty Cool App??'
Talking Devise
It's amazing
Great buy
It won't even load
Love it its all that i could asks for and more
Super awesome connects fast Great help
b'Thanx, Alexa.  Life is easier... ??'
Greatest app
Force closes immediately.
Won't load at all
Music that's what I use it for.  News up dates. Love it
So slow.
Awesome very well done
Love it
Great app
App no starting
Love this app
Keeps improving.
Freezes up constantly
It is good for seeing everything on all your Amazon Alexa devices
Love the shopping list and calling feature.
Wont open after sign in i have a device that cant use properly dissappinted
Trash
Thank you very much
Fails A lot
It sucks.
Awesome gadget!
Echo and Alexa skillfully and artfully combine to produce the best addition to my lab, probably ever. Hands-free switches, lights and Bluetooth connectivity have saved me untold hours. Intuitive informational web-services return data so rapidly as to suggest advanced knowledge of the incoming request. FIVE STARS, ONLY BECAUSE I COULDN'T GIVE TEN.
I'm beyond frustrated. I recently purchased the Dot 2nd generation and can not complete the Wi-Fi set up. The app will not get beyond this task and keeps refreshing 3 dots. I'm ready to use it as a hockey puck. What's the deal. The app states bugs fix but this is an awful 1st day installation experience.
App won't work! Every since you did the app update and I had to re install app..it won't load ..just get the three dots moving like it's trying...yes I have uninstalled and re installed....cleared the cache ...not an idiot..it just doesn't work NOW
What a worthless piece of junk. I used to love alexa, until they force you to set it up with permission to read your messages, make phone calls, scan photos... stay the hell out of my private life. I just want to listen to music someplace other than my phone. I will be submitting a request for a full refund. You should be ashamed of your nosey selves
New update won't work on my phone. I have an LG. The first screen that describes the new calling features won't scroll so I cannot read all of it. When I click next, it says enable contacts to call, but I can't scroll to see a button to do anything. Now, I have no access to any of my Alexa features through my phone.
Functions are limited if not incorrect when outside the USA. They really need to fix that. I'm an American who lives in the UK. It gets really confused. Would be 5 stars if it wasn't for the location mess.
For some reason I get no feedback when turning on/off alarms. I tap the screen no feedback then it turns on or off. Really annoying.
App upgrade FORCES you to use their messenger. I'm uninstalling.
Easy to set up with a tablet.  Calls and messaging setup comes with the app being on a cellphone or tablet with call and messaging features. Skills setup was slightly challenging in the absence of printed instructions in the box with the Dot.  I had all of my smart plug connected devices enabled and controlled by Alexa in about 10 minutes. I did have to change abbreviated names to full names for Alexa to recognize and complete commands. I am impressed with the limited use I have employed so far. My next test will be disconnecting power and reconnecting to determine if there is continuity with the setup and connection to Amazon echo services since I do not intend to have my DOT connected 24/7 for privacy considerations.
Pish
Managed to get my echo set up using this app, but now it won't do anything. Just shows 3 dots. Left it running 8 hours still 3 dots.  Tried on S6 and S7. Both do exactly the same.  Will keep it in the vain hope it gets fixed. Otherwise it's now useless.
After last update ,I have to go through the whole new setup ...wth!!.none of the skills,my account info, history has been transferred..zero stars..
Provides a basic service but slower than ever and the lack of proper interaction with the music service is frustrating. I should be able to browse all of Unlimited and select songs and artists not just set playlists.
I hate giving this app one star since I love my echo; however, the app no longer functions at all so I no longer have control for the content and skills for Alexa.
b'Superrrr.....??????????'
It's terrible that I can't stop people from calling me through the app. It's really annoying and I hope they change this or I'm canceling the new one that's coming out with the screen.   Also, I want to be able to disable notification settings. This blinking light on my dot is so annoying. I need to delete a message to stop it.
I have it on my kindle and it has never failed me, Better than siri. Ps try this day in history its cool.
I use the Echo primarily for control over my Insteon home automation system. I was looking forward to the calling/messaging.  But.... NOW the last THREE updates, it keeps crashing on my Galaxy S4 phone. It force closes in half a second. I've never had an app fail so badly before. Absolutely Horrible. FIX THIS ASAP!!!!
Hate the new version.  It won't let me do anything except keep trying to get me to sign up for messaging.  I really don't want messaging, but it has taken over everything else.  Can't even add a new Echo Dot, since the app won't respond.  Amazon has really got to fix this.  It used to work just fine.
I'm with the others...I got an Echo Dot for Christmas and had no problems with set up so I bought a new one last week for another place in the house. I cannot get it to finish setup!! It will not find any WiFi networks though it does connect to my phone. PLEASE fix the problem with set up!! I love my first Dot and will change my review when this is fixed. Until then I bought a hockey puck!!
--Update for calling causes app to crash constantly. After installing it looks like it will open and work properly, but when it gets to the step where it requires you to pick your name from a list, it crashes. I can't skip the voice set up, but attempting to complete it crashes the app every time. I've uninstalled and reinstalled a half dozen times to fix it - not only is it wasting my time, it's making my $500 in Alexa devices significantly less useful. Completely flipping worthless update - don't risk it til the bugs are repaired.--  Update: the bugs are repaired. Voice calling works seamlessly between my phone and all of my Alexa devices. I only wish the app had better control settings for IOT devices.
Love it
Thanks.  No longer working on my S7.
Won't get past the loading animation (three dots)
New updated app does not work unless you set up calling, which I do not want at this time.  When I try to skip this step, the app stops working.  I've had to uninstall and I'm using and older version of the app on another device to control Alexa because this update removed the old app from my phone.  Amazon and Alexa are great, but this update is terrible. Please fix this, Amazon!
I'd love to give a detailed review but the app won't let me get far enough. It's just three lights, blinking at me endlessly. Tried reinstalling, clearing data and cache, even tried it on a different phone. Nothing. Nothing but three blinking lights. Forever.
Since it has updated i can no longer use the device as app will not load. Sort it out, might as well throw money away
Used to be good.  Now it decides I have to log in randomly.  Performance absolutely sucks.  Random freezing for up to a minute at a time.  If selecting something from a list will freeze for a while, then scroll, then select what is now where you tapped instead of what you tapped when you thought the scroll was complete!  The current performance is worse than when this first rolled this out. They had it working very fast before this last set of updates with all the messaging. Boo.
This is very difficult to set up. I've installed it twice and after inputting my email and password, the thing just gets hung up! This will be install no 3 and I can't really recommend it.
Love it
Update: May 25 update made it worse. Now there's a nag message I can't  a make go away, wanting me to set up voice calling. NO! Nothing else fixed. Original: This version is seriously effed. Seriously. No longer works in landscape mode on any of my Android devices (or iOS, for the record). "Now playing" is no longer a selection in the hamburger menu. Volume control slider is no longer persistent on the "Now playing" screen. You have  to press the speaker icon to make it appear, and it goes away too quickly. Stupid UI choices all around.
The app worked flawlessly up until the moment I refused to allow it to access my contact list.  Now all it does is freeze and stops working, forcing me to close and restart.  I do NOT want to make or receive phone calls on my Echo.  That is NOT why we purchased it for.
Alexa is good for quick, super easy info, but ohmygod is it awful for anything at all complicated. And having to shout over a song to tell the device to turn the music down has got to be one of the most frustrating first-world problems ever. Google manages to do it just fine, why can't the device figure out that someone shouting "ALEXA!" over the music is not part of the song?
The original Alexa app was wonderful. Ever since they updated to allow calls, it sucks. A lot. Why would they design function out of a great and easy to use app. It's not just that it's unreliable, but the interface is ugly and difficult to use. For example, changing the volume from the app now requires you ever-so-delicately place your finger in the exact right place or else you mute sound, make it extremely loud, make the volume option disappear or some combination of all of the above.  What's the point in having a cool of piece of hardware of the supporting software stinks?
Finally hands free music
The latest update is really annoying. I do not want to use Alexa for phone calls. It's really difficult to get past the phone setup dialogue. All U want to do is play music
Trash
For real, Echo Dot. I only see 3 dots in the app.
The app keeps hanging up at the setup section.  Can't link device to WiFi.  Had to use my iPad to finish setting up Echo.
Can't get past the set up screen...how long will it take to fix their update errors? This is hogwash. Hopefully Amazon Alexa will reply to us and let us know what to expect before we all return the products and shake our hands of the brand.
The computer age for me is admittedly one or two generations younger than I am. So, even though I can't possibly comprehend all the potential within this app, the sheer fascination with it earns the highest rating I can give. The consistent problem I have is the avalanche of research necessary to plod through learning how to use it. Normally I would give a lower rating because of the mandated learning curve. Yet, everything we have been able to apply has not only been useful, but fun. Consider this: when I was a kid, my parents sometimes still read by candle light. True story. Echo is near magic to me right alongside being able to talk with someone through a hand held communicator and computers that talk. Those things would never be real, right?
Whilst I love my dots, this Alexa app is rubbish for lining with other apps for skills as whenever you put in the login details for another account it doesn't do anything. I've had to keep adding skills on the browser version!
You guys are pathetic. You ruin a perfectly good thing only for your own personal game. I just bought my dot and it's useless without this app and now I can't do a single thing because it crashes on the setup. From what I've read you guys ruined a perfectly good app and fixing this issue doesn't even look like a priority. I guess making money on something that can't be used without a crappy app is more important than actually providing a solution. You guys make me sick.
New update is no different than the last. Still can't connect my echo Dot to WiFi. It's an expensive hockey puck at this point. Thought that there would be improvement with this update, but it's clear that Amazon is more concerned with getting access to people's contacts than actually providing a functional product. If you're considering getting an echo or echo Dot, at this point, don't.
Can't set up the Dot. App just hangs on opening on my Samsung S7 Edge. Worked on my Alexa a few months back but nothing now. Have uninstalled, reinstalled and all the usual stuff. Useless. Sort it out Amazon!!
What a worthless piece of junk. I used to love alexa, until they force you to set it up with permission to read your messages, make phone calls, scan photos... stay the hell out of my private life. I just want to listen to music someplace other than my phone. I will be submitting a request for a full refund. You should be ashamed of your nosey selves
Broken. When I go into settings and try to connect a device, I get a blank screen. Tried it with my wife's phone and it wouldn't connect to my WiFi.  I should point out that I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 4.  Only recently having this problem.
The 2nd generation Echo Dot keeps disconnecting from the WiFi! Is it the place that it's sitting at? Or is it the Dot itself that can't hold the signal? This happens every morning that I come home, I have to put in setup mode.
Recently updated and now can't use it at all, just won't connect to my Amazon account and therefore the Echo is now completely? useless as I can't set up WiFi on it without the app. Not impressed.
When my app would not get past the wifi setup, I disabled the 'auto network switch' feature on my phone. Go into the wifi settings and you will find it there. I have a Samsung Note 5, the process will vary based on make and model of your phone. Once I disabled the auto network switch feature I was able to complete all setup procedures. I hope this helps someone as I was on the verge of sending mine back...
The recent update is garbage, I don't need alexa to access my contacts, make calls, or texts. This should be an option not an in your face feature. I had the same issue with the loading dots after initial install (new phone) . I had to uninstall and reinstall to use the app and now it works, with the annoying "alexa needs access to your contacts" message, no, no she doesn't. More QA for the releases is needed amazon!
Setting up your device is painful. It's slow unresponsive and you keep having to reboot because it gets stuck. You have to use the app to set it up and this is the most rubbish thing about these devices.
on my s7 most of the time you just get a spinning wheel while it trying to start up... probably actually get it going 2 out of 10 times... And the new update is even worse.. Now can not get into the app at all... Will probably have to return the echo..how can such a large company screw up so badly...
Horribly slow and mostly unresponsive. If something works great (before update)...DON'T update it to make it useless. Use to be a fast responsive app, not no more.
The calling features sucks! You can only communicate with other people who have the Alexa device or app. Basically the calling feature is useless.
I never had any trouble with the app until it was updated. It stays in loading, doesn't connect to WiFi. So frustrating!
The set up was a pain.  Not so easy, took me a day to figure it out.  Kept getting a blank  white screen while trying to get the wi-fi connected.  I tried both my Samsung Glaxey7 and Ipad...finally a message poped up on my phone ap that said to enable auto wi-fi networks? After playing with the settings and pushing every network button, I guess I finally got the right button.  Now I am in business. Irritating to figure out.  So we will see how Alexa does from here.
Provides a basic service but slower than ever and the lack of proper interaction with the music service is frustrating. I should be able to browse all of Unlimited and select songs and artists not just set playlists.
It makes it past start up, then closes out. EVERY. TIME. I've uninstalled and reinstalled, power cycled phone and dot. Nothing works. Useless.
A serviceable but clunky app ruined. Opting out of conversations basically breaks the app. I DON'T WANT TO GIVE YOU MY CONTACTS. So now I'm sitting in a hotel unable to change the WiFi on my Tap because the app only does one thing: begs you to use the new messaging. Everything else INCLUDING the help menu option just spins forever.   This. App. Sucks.
In the last update Alexa has had a significant improvement,  the app (through dot or echo) responds much quicker than before. A very fluid experience with less bumps.
Only showed the homepage on initial load. Every tab endlessly loaded, couldn't hook up my Alexa or Dot using this terrible app. Save yourself the headache and just use https://alexa.amazon.com from your computer to setup/manage your device.
The old app was great, this new version is a complete pos full of things I don't need/want. I want to control my dot (volume) with app, not 27 "commands." Also, alexa is hard of hearing now as she doesn't respond more than half the time. Its like I got married again.
the device is good minus it is no longer very capable now that I am overseas (korea). The app maybe the most buggy app that has ever graced my smart phone. when the app is downloaded my dot starts to malfunction. so I deleted it.
I'm with the others...I got an Echo Dot for Christmas and had no problems with set up so I bought a new one last week for another place in the house. I cannot get it to finish setup!! It will not find any WiFi networks though it does connect to my phone. PLEASE fix the problem with set up!! I love my first Dot and will change my review when this is fixed. Until then I bought a hockey puck!!
Love my Dot and Alexa via the Dot is excellent. But the app on my phone is sluggish. It takes forever to load, if it ever does. I'm just happy I don't need to go into the phone app itself to use Alexa.
Bought Echo Dot only to have ads on ap for Amazon Unlimited to get any decent music.  Wish it wasnt to late to return it.  Great concept but currently a complete waste of money for how I hoped to use it.
App was great until the last update. Now there is no "now playing" screen that tells you the song or let's you skip it? Scrolling is painfully slow and results in picking random stations when you're just trying to scroll. Also I don't want the texting and calls set up. How do I disconnect my phone and texts from this thing?? Not functional in its current state.
Works great EXCEPT the time for the reminders! Setting the time or date on the reminder is hit or miss. I've yet to figure out the way to press the screen just right to get the clock to show up so I can choose a time! It's so random when it does work, there's no rhyme or reason.
I bought a new phone and had to re install the Alexa app. The app does not work-and will not load properly. Now I cannot use Alexa to turn my lights off and on. This is a major disappointment. I wish there was a way to install the old app. In fact I cannot see any of my information. I can only see 3 dots. This application is worthless . I hope Amazon will let me return Alexa.
App is not intuitive or easy to understand. A ton of unnecessary step. Of course you can say the same about the echo itself. Annoying.
I love my echo!  BUT, since the app update,  I can't get it to load.  I've talked with friends with the same problem.  When is it going to get fixed!!
First off, you'll need this to set up your Echo or Echo Dot. It does that quite nicely, but of course there is a learning curve to find all the buried options. Although I haven't tried a lot of the common functions, it does a good job of linking to Harmony, and being able to voice control my entire complex home entertainment center. This is the primary use I currently have for Alexa. Still has many opportunities for improvement, but a solid start.
Alexa is good for quick, super easy info, but ohmygod is it awful for anything at all complicated. And having to shout over a song to tell the device to turn the music down has got to be one of the most frustrating first-world problems ever. Google manages to do it just fine, why can't the device figure out that someone shouting "ALEXA!" over the music is not part of the song?
This app absolutely sucks. Did not work the first time. People do not waste you time downloading this app!! You will be sorely dissapointed!
The latest update is really annoying. I do not want to use Alexa for phone calls. It's really difficult to get past the phone setup dialogue. All U want to do is play music
It worked good the first week, and now the app shuts down everytime you open it. The layout is pretty simple, but there's way too many of the same skills. There should be one for looking things up so you don't have to Google everything. If the app worked, I would've given it 4 stars.
This is the first time I have read so many frustrated reviews regarding an amazon app. When will Amazon respond to disgruntled customers?? I get 3 dots when trying to connect to the app in an attempt to set up my echo dot. Clearly this has something to do with me skipping the phone registration.
I opened the app to manually add an item to the list.  15 minutes later my phone was hot. Looking at the battery usage, Alexa was using 25% off my battery.  Ugh!
I love the Alexa device And, if I was rating this app solely on its ability to visually show me what I ask Alexa, I would give a four star review. However, the problem is that whenever I try to actually utilize the app, it always lags. The lag is almost unbearable whenever I try to edit an alarm.
I have 2 amazon accounts and somehow my tap got linked to my business account. The new update won't let me switch it back, it stalls out during the setup when the app connects to the device.
The app won't even allow me to connect my echo dot to the wifi. I've never seen an app fail so badly, please fix this immediately.
The app doesn't work at all since the last update. Unable to pair Dot with wifi which in turn makes the Dot useless. Shall I now request money back for the all the Dots, if there is no way of making them work without the app...?
Last update is terrible. Screen won't move past me messaging setup which I have zero intention to use.
Can't set up the Dot. App just hangs on opening on my Samsung S7 Edge. Worked on my Alexa a few months back but nothing now. Have uninstalled, reinstalled and all the usual stuff. Useless. Sort it out Amazon!!
Broken. When I go into settings and try to connect a device, I get a blank screen. Tried it with my wife's phone and it wouldn't connect to my WiFi.  I should point out that I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 4.  Only recently having this problem.
OMG !!! IF I COULD GET THROUGH THE SETUP PART OF THIS I WOULD GIVE YOU A BETTER RATING. BUT THIS SUCKS. I REALLY THINKING OF RETURNING ALEXA AND BUYING GOOGLE HOME INSTEAD. THANKS AMAZON.
Ever since they added the function of calling and leaving text mail on Amazon the app doesn't work.
They added some feature for calling people and now an irritating dialogue comes up and gets in the way of you actually using the app. Worthless irritating update. Had to re-enter credentials.
JUNK! WON'T EVEN INSTALL, HAVE UNINSTALLED, RESTATED THE PHONE, WIPED RAM OF GHOST INSTALLATION.  STILL WON'T INSTALL!!!! JUNK!
None of the Oauth stuff works, what's the point of having the ability to link my Google account, or my hive to it, if whenever I allow the link, it does nothing. This is completely broken, fix it, or I think ill have to remove the app and return the device... I'm now beyond frustrated with it
I've just bought the echo dot and I can't use it because the app crashes during the setup. I've tried installing the app again, reseting the echo, etc. but nothing works. Please fix this otherwise i will have to return the echo!
Well..since Amazon decided to update the Alexa app I can no longer sign in to it. All I get is three blue dots and the only way to stop it is to uninstall the app. Biggest pile of rubbish ever. My Echo is now just a very expensive speaker. Sort it out Amazon!
Even with prime the music selection is sub par. But it's also free pretty much and you can connect your pandora or Spotify instead of using the Amazon music.
Since the last update, it is slow to load... and I don't want my home screen to be conversations and bs.  This new update us frustrating and I want to throw it out the window.
Incredibly slow and clunky. It's caused my phone to freeze and restart several times. Seems half polished
Loved it before the update. Now it's very slow and can only be viewed in portrait. Phone use primarily. Tablets are not dead...
The echo dot it's self is great but the app constantly crashes when I try to enable a smart he skill and now it won't even connect to the Internet anymore fix the app it's awful
I'm quite happy with the Echo. Need to run the app on my Pixel C though and that is when misery starts. The app only works in portrait mode, and keeps on crashing when it is used in split screen mode when you resize.
Basically wants to collect all my private contacts with no way to use it if you don't give it access to everything, massive privacy invading tech
Update broke it. The recent update requires a new Setup of the product. In the Alexa app it goes to a blank setup page.
Incredibly slow. Almost unusable with slow internet connection. Bluetooth pairing needs to be set up again each time to work properly.
Since the calling update it doesn't work on my phone or tablet. I have the latest version but it  still fails to start with webview exception.
It's annoying that feature set differs depending on location.. Menu structure is not well thought out.
Purchased on QVC and it looked great. Have been trying to connect to to WiFi for 2.5 hours and still can't. Very upsetting.
Bought Echo Dot only to have ads on ap for Amazon Unlimited to get any decent music.  Wish it wasnt to late to return it.  Great concept but currently a complete waste of money for how I hoped to use it.
Please fix volume slider since the last update. Terrible. Other than that I have enjoyed the app with minimal inconveniences.
I got the echo dot as a gift for graduation and can't use it because this app is a piece of garbage and will not make it past the home screen to set it up. Hopefully the app is fixed otherwise I have to return a gift that I assume works but don't have the chance to find out.
ABSOLUTELY USELESS!!!!!! It won't load what I need to get to and it can't send messages or make calls. Liked the original app better! At least it worked with this overpriced paper weight.
Peter Neal is pissed off because this app does not work when are you going to relise this and do something about this thankyou Mr Neal
With the recent app update I cannot set up my new WiFi settings on Alexa. So basically the entire thing is useless until a fix goes out. I go into set up and "continue" past the orange lights message then a white screen comes and nothing happens until I exit the app. Very disappointed.   Edit 6/5/17: I can't believe it's still not fixed. It was at least 2 weeks before I made the review and now almost a month has passed.
Continues to crash. Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro
What clunky and slow app. Needs a lot of work.
The setup screen is blank. I can not set up my echo dot. This app is awful.
Ever since this latest update the app is useless. I can't get past or skip the voice/messaging setup. There is only a get started screen. I don't want to use this feature. Fix it!!
The app looks and feels boring. Hard to understand and use at first.. Googles' home app whole lot better and feels like life and colorful.
Make sure to turn off smart network switch or you will not be able to set up an echo for the first time. This is an important part of the setup process that Amazon should provide feedback for
Bought echo dot. Followed instructions. Plugged in. Downloaded app on Galaxy S7. Entered our Amazon Prime account info. App just sits there with blinking progress dots and nothing happens. Pretty frustrated right now.
Good app until messaging came along. Then just crashes before getting to anything useful. Thank goodness my echo and dot are already set up! This NEEDS fixing!
I used to love my Echo, but the recent app update is obnoxious and intrusive. Amazon is losing its mojo.
Echo always goes offline. When reconfiguring app (again), it doesnt allow me to resetup device.
The app just freezes since the latest updates. It's completely useless now.
Loads sometimes, but the app is still just very slow and not very easy to navigate.
b'My echo dot has disconnected from the internet and when I go to the setup page it just shows a white blank screen after I hit continue...??'
I've had to delete and reload this app like 5 times and it just keeps loading and loading! Can't even get it past the loading stage to set anything up!!! This app is horrible! If anything changes I will update review but it's been 2 days and no change so far.
We love Alexa she tells us jokes turns on lights plays songs tells us what the weather is going to be. She has some trouble finding out questions but I think she is getting better.
The new update does not allow me to work with the settings or any other functions.
It plays music off my account on shuffle, but I cannot connect to the devise through my phone,  the new updates are worse and worse.
Update sucks. Can't even search for a song anymore.  Clunky and useless now.
Ever since they added the function of calling and leaving text mail on Amazon the app doesn't work.
I've just bought the echo dot and I can't use it because the app crashes during the setup. I've tried installing the app again, reseting the echo, etc. but nothing works. Please fix this otherwise i will have to return the echo!
After the update will not connect to the internet and is stuck on the setup  page, which makes the echo dot useless.
This app won't let me set up my device at all I wasted money to get the Alexa echo dot and can't use it ugh
Won't let me go past the Setup stage, just has a blank screen. Please help!!
Wish I'd read the reviews before updating. Regrets? I've had a few...
Used to be good enough. Hate having adware experience rammed down my throat.
Good for streaming music but app doesn't work half the time. App seems to crash very often.
Loved it before the update. Now it's very slow and can only be viewed in portrait. Phone use primarily. Tablets are not dead...
When you are inside of a link instead of having to say "Alexa next question" or sometimes you even have to say Alexa open whatever link again...boo on that..  why can't we just say "Next"...it would be much more fun to move smoothly within the link after the initial opening of the link....
App doesn't work. Gets to set up wifi stage then just freezes with a blank white page.
New calling / texting setup makes app unusable unless you set it up.  Forces you to set up calling / texting. Otherwise, app is not functional. The only way to get into the app is to agree to the new calling / texting terms of service.
This app is useless. I could not get anything to load. I even uninstalled and installed again.
Update broke it. The recent update requires a new Setup of the product. In the Alexa app it goes to a blank setup page.
Could not setup a new Dot. App would hang during the process
never opens. always force quit. i would give zero stars if i could. alexa sucks
Ever since the update the app is painfully slow and constantly has problems
Please fix this app. It just updated and now I can't get past the screen to scroll down to give permission for it.
Worked well until I had to set up again after I got a new ROUTER. The app.  Goes to the set up page and it is just blank and does nothing.  Or I get the 3 dots doing nothing.
App is garbage and will not allow you to setup my new echo. It was a $200 gift that is unusable because these app makers are more retarded than my second cousin who was dropped on their head like a basketball multiple times.
Ever since I first got my echo in the pilot test every time I open this app it will appear to work for a minute and then it will become completely unresponsive for 30-90 seconds. Any change made prior to the freeze will revert or will change to something you didn't select. Pain in the ***.
The amazon music section needs a LOT of work. Why can't I search for an artist in the app or at least hit the first letter of their group name? Its enough to make me want to switch to google home
Absolute rubbish, can't open app keeps saying not responding.  Why did you change it.  Do something about it ASAP.
After the update everything went wrong. My app doesn't load.  I have to delete the app then it only works once.
Used to work well, but horrible update, can't access certain content, can't even move cursor in window to make edits (incl in shopping list) come on Amazon you can do better than this!
Updated to newer app. Can't use echo or dot because it w ont proceed through set up. 3 blue dots just keep flashing on the screen.
This app hangs and multiple issues.  You would think Amazon would not release such a buggy app.
Setup hangs, app is slow. Trying to setup an Echo Dot. Won't connect to my Wi-Fi, restart setup, won't let me choose a language. Restart setup hangs again. Going on an hour, just wanna send it back.
This new update totally sucks !!! Was easily my favorite app until this damn update !!! Can't load anything and keeps claiming I'm off line when EVERTHING else works that is going through my Wi-Fi
The biggest bug bear with this is the fact that using the tunein app to find a radio station is harder than it should be. There should be a way of storing your favorite stations so they're easier to access rather than having to search every time.
b"What the hell has happened? I can't connect my Echo to my wifi. Did work. Now doesn't. App won't take me through the setup up to wifi process, just stops. Bloody useless. Please get this sorted as I have an expensive piece of kit sitting on my bedside table doing sod all.??"
Still broken. Tells me to sign in, I do, &amp; it force closes.
Im having the same problems as everyone else. The app keeps crashing.
Since this new update, I can't get my echo's Bluetooth to pair with my phone or tablet. Amazon needs to fix this right away.
I can't get the app to work. I got a new phone and it still does not work.
Bluetooth auto connects to wrong device every damn time.... crappy overall
Can't setup the dot with this app, as it is not loading the home screen. As far as I know without this app, the device is useless. Please fix
Why am I unable to set up device when I get to setup screen it's blank
Unusable. I can't even get it to load the home screen anymore.