Easy to setup. Does the job This does exactly what it should. Very easy to setup.
Amazing fix for larger homes! So I've had this for over a month now and it, amazingly, has solved all my previous issues without adding/causing me any more problems.My previous issues: We live in about a 2700 square foot, 2 story house. Our wifi router is located in an office upstairs on one corner of the house. Our living room smart tv is located literally on the opposite corner of the house, down stairs. My room is located directly underneath the office upstairs. The issues we were having with our internet connection was related to coverage. Despite having a beefy router/modem combo Netgear unit, it just wasn't able to give a reliable connection to our living room tv; enough that we just were not able to stream netflix or other apps without giving us headaches. It was just constant buffering. We tried a wifi repeater in the past, but that also didn't work reliably. Mind you we pay for 200 mbps connection. As for my room, the pc on my wifi would constantly slow down to a crawl and at least once a day disconnect. Whenever it slowed down I would immediately disconnect and reconnect to the router via windows setting and that would fix the problem. It was quite annoying.Now enter google wifi, and EVERYTHING I mentioned above is no longer an issue. Setup, I think quite literally, couldn't be easier. Just install the the google wifi app on a device, follow the instructions, and it will walk you through everything you need to do. If you've ever setup any google device it's the same intuitive/quirky style to the on-screen instructions. I placed one in the office ( the mother unit that's connected to the old router/modem unit), one in my room, and one in the living room right next to the tv. Our home's internet has never been faster; testing it now were getting 228 mbps download and 22 mbps upload. When surfing the web on my computer, everything feels snappier. I have an xbox in my room too, and while the connection has never given me issues aside from the occasional lag/jitter, downloading games has never been faster. My ping has never been lower either. I do have something called a "double nat" which isn't he best according to my xbox, but so far it hasn't given me any issues and I have had absolutely no lag/jitter when playing. Mind you my xbox is just maybe 5 feet away from the google wifi point.Some people don't seem to like that you can only access the setting on the app but I think it's quite handy. I always thought going to that admin website was a chore but that's just me. The app itself is very easy to use and monitor the mesh system with. You can test the internet speed in your home, the connection quality between point, and even the connection to every individual device currently accessing the internet. You can see which devices are connected to which wifi points and how much bandwidth they are using (each device also automatically connects to the nearest wifi point in real time). There are advanced settings too, like port forwarding and DHCP IP reservations.All in all I would say that if you have similar conditions and issues in your house currently as we did just get this! It's expensive but after everything is fixed and running smoothly your quickly going to forget about it. I haven't tried another mesh system so for all I know anther system would be working just as good, but google products have always left a good impression on me and this one doesn't disappoint! I was looking at the orbi system too; it is supposedly faster so if your looking for absolute speed for your 500+ mbps plan maybe look into it, but we only pay for 200-300 mbps speeds so google wifi was enough for us. I'm more than happy with how fast our internet is now. Also, I don't mean to talk bad about another product, but the orbi system had an alarming amount of negative reviews about constantly dropping connection while google wifi had almost no reviews relating to that issue. That's actually the reason why I ultimately went with google wifi.Hope this review helps you out!
Helped our household wifi This really helped our household wifi system over the unit the cable company gave us. Good quality. Definitely recommend.
Would have given 5 stars if.. Google has provided the option of masking or hiding the WiFi network which I believe is a very important feature to have omitted. With my one gripe out of the way, this is a great whole home WiFi network solution. The guest network is also a nice feature and a nice way to share it with your guests. The lighting on each hub can be controlled.
These were way more than just hoped for! So I did not purchase these from Amazon but I purchase pretty much everything else from tbem. I have to say what a world of difference is in my internet after buying this system. It is night and day. I previously had a Netgear router and it was awful. I bought 2 of these Google WiFi routers for each end of my house, and I am getting higher speeds than I even pay for. I am beyond impressed with these units.
Perfect! I was using an older WiFi and wasn’t getting our download speed of 110 MB (we were only getting 30MB). It was recommended by someone at Best Buy to do the Google WiFi. Now we’re getting our 110MB consistently. I purchased 3 so that I can stream music out in our yard in the summer and out in the driveway when I’m snow blowing. Works like a charm. A problem that I’m having is that I’m having a hard time connecting with my WiFi A/V receiver. I simply connect with it through my Bluetooth, but would like the WiFi capability back again.
We have had our wifi set up for several months ... We have had our wifi set up for several months. All three worked together for about 2 months and then one stopped working. We have reset it. gone through the settings again and it still won't connect.
Looking for the perfect router? Here it is This router is fantastic. I’ve never owned a router that was so easy to set up and just simply works. Great product!
Very simple installation Really frustration free experience, just works nearly out of the box
Simple and effective. Excellent piece of equipment. Easy to install. WiFi signal improved significantly within our two-story condo. I highly recommend this.
Easy setup, rock solid and speedy connections, too expensive. I love the ease of setup. I placed the three units at the far ends of my property. The network worked, but not inside our trailer or inside our shop, which are the furthest away from house. It only connected outside these metal structures. I already had Ethernet cables routed from my prior network, so it was a cinch to wire the distant shop unit. Trailer gets strong signal inside, despite its aluminum walls, and the steel walls of the shop, where the unit is shelved. Super fast connections. I also wired my 3rd bedroom via Ethernet because, again, the cables were there from my old network. I don’t want any signal issues as it’s my home office, and the setup was so simple. I didn’t need to tell the Google Wi-Fi app how to manage the Ethernet connections or the Ethernet switch (sold separately).I didn’t have any expectations so this breezy setup was a huge relief after the failure of a 3-year-old AirPort Extreme that Apple refused to service, suggesting I buy a new one that they also won’t support for long. My ancient model AirPort Extreme, which I used to extend my network, still works. It’s at least 10 years old. I think recent Apple build quality is at fault. Anyway, Google has earned my business and a good review.Price: too much. These white pucks are light as air, I don’t feature there’s much inside, and I had to add Ethernet ports by purchasing separately. I’m subtracting a star for that, because I think the set of 3 should be a better value. Maybe there’s a knowledgeable hardware geekmaster who can explain why these cost so much (besides it being what the market will bear).
Not compatible with wifi calling After months of changing settings with google I gave up. I live in an area where I have very weak celular signal. I rely on wifi calling. This device has a firewall but cannot be changed. Finally went with ubiquiti’s amplifi hd, best of both worlds.
WORKS GREAT! For the inexperience person was easy to set up with my Arris/Spectrum modem/router combo. Did have to disable thewifi on the Arris router. Other than that so far so good! Best part...... the wife is happy :-)(3,600 sq. ft. 2 story house)
It definitely works perfect! I recommend this. It definitely works perfect! I recommend this.
great product Tired of screwing around with WiFi. This just works with my 24 devices and 10 work from home needs.
A new technology that's worth giving a try As a computer tech, I've installed many wireless routers. I have 2 of these Google WiFi's. One is connected directly to the modem and the other one is used as an extender. This system works a bit differently than most wireless routers. It puts out both the 2.4 and 5 GHz signals, but they are not listed separately when you look to connect to a network. Somehow they seem to be combined. If you have a newer computer or phone that can connect to either frequency, you'll find you get better speed with this Google WiFi than a device that can only connect at the 2.4 GHz frequency. Google WiFi has good range and I would recommend this system.I download the Google WiFi app on my android phone to set this system up. In the past with other wireless routers, I've used a computer to set up the router connected to the modem. Then I used the WPS button to connect the extender router to the router connected to the modem. The Google WiFi app is used to set everything up.If you have had problems with extending your wireless network signal throughout your house, this system allows you to add extra units to fix that problem and have a strong signal from one end to the other.
Nice looking very functional Like this product good coverage fast easy to install took only 10 to 15 minutes
Works great Helps with extra WiFi
Easy and consistent Great coverage with just one. Noticeable consistency in signal, at range. No extender needed for two bedroom duplex, all the way to outdoor deck.
Easy to set up Very easy to set up and install. A little overkill for our house, but it works great. Had everything up and running in less than 30 minutes.
Get an eero instead These pods do not “daisy chain” like I expected. I have a long building that has the modem on one end. So I needed to link the connection all the way to the end for coverage. The farther away I got from the main hub the weaker the signal got. Maybe I did something wrong, problem is after almost an hour on hold waiting for tech support I gave up. I got an eero system instead. Way better.
Great app that goes with Fast. Great app that goes with it
Wifi down the street!! Works awesome and would recommend to my mom.
So easy to join the mesh network I got this as an additional access point to connect my solar inverter and it was so easy to add it to my Google mesh network.
fast service, fits great in the house would buy again fast service, fits great in the house would buy again
Very good Very good product no more dead spots....Will be nice to have an iPad app, only works on iPhone
This Mesh Router Rocks !! Too bad there isn't a six star choice !! Love this mesh router!My home of 3500 sf has a partial basement on sloping lake front property. The man cave and spare bedroom are downstairs. All of my audio eqpt, music collection (classical of course) and modem and router are downstairs.I had a Linksys router that simply was too wimpy for this house. I had continual dropouts at the kitchen table where I enjoy reading news on my Amazon HD 10 Tablet (which is also a total winner product). There were many dead spots in the house and the garage had no coverage at all.I ordered the Google Router not knowing what to expect. I have great respect for Google for their expertise is extremely high tech and clearly evident via Google Earth, Android and other gigantic creations. I am an EE and maybe better to positioned to appreciate Google's triumphs than most are.So the router arrives. I was very disappointed in that it comes with no manual or written instructions at all. You are a bit on your own.. you must deduce everything from the app. I hope this review inspires them to include a manual in the future. Its a super product, shame if sales potential were inhibited due to this obvious cost cutting oversight. I am sure there are potential customers that need a bit more help.So I placed the first router unit downstairs where the cable comes in, This is the obvious place for the modem and router. The second router unit goes upstairs near the flatscreen. I am using the second unit to also provide ethernet to the Tivo box. as well as cover one side of the house. The third router unit is on the other side of the house to cover that end and the garage.After setting up I shifted unit 3 some to optimize coverage. (Be sure to do a system reset if you move a unit).The results.. using the wifi signal strength indicator on my HD 10 tablet, I have walked the entire house including closets and garage. I have not found a place where the wifi signal is less than four bars !! There used to be many places that were so weak you either had dropouts or unable to connect at all. All of upstairs were 2 bars or less.My enthusiasm is huge.. you will love this product made by a company that has heavy duty engineering muscle !
Easy, reliable. I’ve been using this at one home for 4 months, and now a second home for a couple weeks. Both are 2 story homes in dense neighborhoods. The signal strength and reliability is better than I’ve had with any other home Wifi setup I’ve tried.Since I was a kid I’ve been setting up home and small office networks, so I appreciate how easy it is to just plug it in and go. Making changes like port forwarding, adding a new node to the mesh network, testing connectivity from different locations, etc, are super easy using the iOS app.The only con is this is Google. I wish it was just as easy to do something like this with generic hardware and an open source OS, but all the current solutions are a lot of work to get going.
Four Stars Great way to have multiple WiFi.
Wow... what a difference! At first I was skeptical of the overwhelming positive reviews here, but now I'm a convert. I bought the devices (4 pack) at Costco in order to replace an aging Apple Airport Extreme system with Airport Express extenders. Seemed I only needed 2 units in my home situation. Overall, the claims here seem to be true, easy setup, increased Wifi speeds throughout, great coverage, and has this... set it, and forget it simplicity.My ISP (Charter- Spectrum) provides 100 mbps service to my home through their rented modem. With the old setup I never got anywhere near that speed via wifi and only somewhat close with a direct ethernet connection. Wifi Speed Before = 30-40 mbps (on a good day), Wifi Speed After 80-95 mbps (all day, every day). Downside: Can only be administrated with a phone app, no online desktop managing ability. The Google Wifi app is somewhat confusing. Being used to Apple's approach, I find the Google Wifi app clunky with lots of features buried in strange places. It does get the job done though.
Easy to set up I've only had one experience of setting up a router and it was no picnic.So I wasn't real happy about doing it again, as I'm not great with technical things. But, this was simple and fast, once the google app was downloaded. A few minutes after start, I was back on the internet. The range is good. One thing I found out about reconnecting my alexa, instructions say to hold down action button for 5 seconds and release, didn't work. Hold down until you get the tone.
Five Stars Best WiFi coverage I've even seen. Can;t turn back now :)
cannot be used for home automation: it won't reconnect to router by itself The coverage is great for my long ranch home and the wireless setup is as easy as can be.However, Google Wifi won't reconnect to the router by itself after a power outage; this makes it useless for home automation devices. The Google Wifi's ethernet cable must be manually disconnected and reconnected on the router which means no home automation devices can function after a power outage even though the router is back online. Note that other devices connected by ethernet to the router do come back online (there is also no need to power off Google Wifi, but simply reconnect the ethernet cable to another router port to fix the issue).The Google Wifi support team "explained" to me that their product was really complex and couldn't reset their internal configuration upon restart...
great look and extremely streamlined experience The whole installation was extremely streamlined. It looks great (unlike typical wireless routers) and works perfectly well for my purpose (no serious gaming or high-frequency trading).
Incredible range & speed! Best Wi-Fi I've ever had! This is simply outstanding. The wifi range from my previous router was totally insufficient and I even had to buy a wifi range extender. Despite having both a router and an extender, I had problems now and then. Google Wifi not only covers my whole apartment, but it also provides incredible speeds! My internet experience is now as good as if I was connected to the modem directly using an Ethernet cable. I thought the product had to be good considering it's relatively pricey, but it really surpassed my expectations!
Super Easy Setup I've tried several extenders without success so I decided to move up to a whole house mesh Wifi. After looking at several options online, I decided to go with Google Wifi. So glad we did. Once you download the Google WiFi app you simply follow the directions. We hooked the first unit direct into our router with provided CAT 6 cable and set the unit and network up. Installed the next unit, and the next unit after that. We now have WiFi throughout our house, front porch and backyard gazebo. It doesn't get any easier.This is our first week of use so if anything changes, I will stop by and change my review.
Installed on Two Networks with no problems I installed this on my home network with Xfinity to test. Plugged it in, did the setup (did have to do a modem restart) and it just worked. It left the existing network setup intact and was able to mesh with a 2nd puck. Performance was noticeably improved all over my house with just two pucks. After a factory reset which is pretty quick, I installed in an office using Comcast business (ie, slower and more expensive). The modem has multiple output ports so I could plug in the new Google Wifi and leave the existing router plugged in. I did the entire setup of three pucks with no problems and this made a HUGE difference in performance. The existing network used Cisco/Linksys style router, the existing network worked after Google Wifi was added, they were just two separate networks. To merge the networks I set the router into bridge mode and changed the source cable from the modem to the out cable from the Google Wifi puck. All the hardwired devices worked with no problem, it all just worked. Will setup port forwarding tomorrow, don't anticipate any issues.
... it operates but because if you are a novice like me non of the reviews i read made clear ... i am giving this two stars not because of how it operates but because if you are a novice like me non of the reviews i read made clear that this gadget is simply a router.....i purchased this with the belief that it would allow me to remove the shackles of the overpriced cable/internet providers.....all i wld need to do was plug this in and it wld give me a wifi signal, thus allowing me to connect to the internet.....IT DOES NOT....this is simply a useless wifi router.....in order for it give wifi access it has to be connected to a modem (provided by your cable/internet provider)....i already get wifi access through the signal provided by the modem via my cable/internet provider......so what the hell do i need this thing for?.....it''s a waste of money and unless i find away that this thing will allow me to accomplish my original goal...dump my cable/internet provider then i will return it......once i purchased this i was going to purchase a smart tv n dump my cable provider all together.....Now it appears i will need them for wifi service associated with watching movies on my smart tv...
Buen producto El Google WiFi es un buen producto para la administración de los dispositivos que se conectan a nuestra red
Highly recommended Good project! And good price.
As describled Works great. Great coverage as 3 pack. Great speed. Great app to manage and see usage.
Performans and Support Superb performance and telephone support for installation. Very fast supporting my 9 devices in the house. Never failed.
Best Wi-Fi I have owned My only complaint would be I wish I had more access to the logs outside of the provided app. That said, there are some APIs and calls I am still working with. Phenomenal Wi-fi and no dead spots any where in my house. I can turn off any of my kids internet with a push of button... iPad, iPhone, iPod, PC... whatever you want to tag them as.It's very modern and very worth it IMO. I have struggled in the past even with repeaters to make wifi seamless and this just fixes everything. Anywhere in my house there is one network with full signal. (I got the three pack)
Disappointing No range. My antique Cisco works better.
Great purchased~ Item arrived on time as described, many thanks!!!
Worked fine for 2 months...then quit working altogether Worked fine for two months now it won’t stay online. My internet is working fine and I can connect directly to my router but not to the google network. It will not stay connected. I have restarted it multiple times and factory reset it. Each time it initially connects but then drops connection within one hour. Google has been of no assistance.
Strong WiFi signal. Easy setup. 2200 sq ft house. One unit at each end of the house and one in the center. Best WiFi coverage I’ve ever had!
Not Compatible with Webpass Device was not compatible with internet provider. Constantly was blaming the internet provider for inability to stay connected to wifi. Purchased a Netgear Nighthawk router and have absolutely no problems. Google support was not helpful.
Best. Wifi. Ever. Ever since we moved into our two story, 2,100 sq ft house after living in apartments and a small townhome, I've spent hours trying to get good, reliable wifi coverage throughout the house. The FiOS Quantum router that comes with our service was fast, but the coverage was laughable (basically little to none on the second floor or if you walked a couple rooms away on the same floor). I bought an Apple AirPort Extreme and extended it upstairs with an Airport Express. The speed suffered and the Express constantly lost a signal from the base station. I tried moving things around countless times, spent way too much time fiddling with settings...all to no avail.I finally had it and bought two Google Wifi units. Setup was stupid easy. I had one set up as a base station and another upstairs to extend in literally less than ten minutes. Not only does the entire house (even the garage) now have perfect coverage, we've even got good coverage in our yard!I'm on a 50/50 plan with my ISP but with the Apple routers was only getting around 35/20. Now I'm getting 57/57! I'm somehow getting more than what I'm paying for! I tested with a couple 3rd party speed testers to verify, so it's not just the Google Wifi app artificially inflating the numbers. I can tell too...I downloaded a 50Gb game on my PS4 last night and it was much, much noticeably faster.It might sound silly, but I also love the small touch that you can adjust the brightness (or turn off completely) the light on the units. One of ours is in a bedroom, so turning the light off so that it doesn't disturb our sleep is a big plus.I do not review things often, but I was so pleased with everything about this product I just had to add my praise.
Somwhjat underpowered, but very usef friendly Not a strong signal, bit simplicity and consistency seem to be strong this far
Easy install, big performance increase Incredibly easy to install. Will get every drop of bandwidth out of your home network.
Best WiFi I’ve ever had Do it.
Speeds as if you were right next to router Works great. Easy to set up. I have 200mbps with spectrum. I live in a 3 story town house. Modem/router is on the second floor. Bedrooms on the top floor. Always got slow speeds on the first and third floor. This mesh network completely fixed it. Speed tests from same spot. First on Netgear C6300 2.4ghz. 5ghz won’t reach on the top floor. Second picture obviously on the google mesh network.
5 stars!! Wow! Totally love it. I’ve been using my 5years old Cisco router, giving me 15mbps WiFi, my friend told me about gooogle WiFi I wanna give it a try, right after I installed my WiFi boosted up to 105mbps
As Described, should have bought the extended warranty Pros:I love it as a product. It's easy to use, install, and configure.Cons:Hardware died after 18 months of ownership. Warranty expired at 12. For something that sits in a corner all by itself and costs as much as this does I expect it to last longer. I've been having a lot of bad luck with Google Hardware(Pixel) lately and much better luck with my Ubiquiti router so I'll be switching brands.Usage:It's been in continuous use since purchase, sits in a cabinet with board games. Never even warm to the touch.
How to solve WI fi problems in one step Easy setup, up and running in a short time, streaming problems and wi fi thin spots gone
No more dead spots Excellent, cant be happier
Great Great
Perfect whole house solution! I don’t know what it is about home networks, but I always have issues when I upgrade my router or try to add a range extender. I’m pretty tech savvy but it’s alway a thrill in a bad way. This Google solution makes it cinchy. Super easy with their app on your smartphone, no subnet masks, no up address conflicts. The three “pucks” cover my whole house and backyard. I’ve had this for three months so far, and it hasn’t had any issues.
Sweet Relief I work in a small office with a few other people. Our building provides free WiFi but it's absolutely terrible. The hardwired ethernet connection is just fine, but not very practical for our needs so I looked around for a solution and ordered this. Zero regrets, zero issues, this thing puts out a very strong signal that nearly matches the hardwired speeds. Very impressed with this unit.
it did not work as i though it would. it did not work as i though it would.
Nothing too special Works ok. For the price, I don't feel these work much better range wise than other cheaper mid grade routers. Easy set up though and they look nice.
Easiest set up and operation Probably the fastest set up I have ever had for a wifi, and what a dream to use. Fast connections and easy to monitor the status on the phone vs having to dig over a webpage. Awesome!
Just buy something else My WiFi point stopped working after 4 weeks. Google support had me sit on the phone running tests for two and a half hours. Had to three-way call my ISP with Google support. ISP charged $30 to provide technical support to Google. Google then sends me a remanufactured Google WiFi point.
Super Easy Very simple to install. My house is 4200 square feet so I purchased the three pack. I now have great coverage throughout the entire house. The Google app made it super easy to get them up and running. I had a router and two range extenders that were constantly dropping signal. I removed that configuration and once I installed the Google Wi-Fi, my signal problems and Wi-Fi dropping problem resolved and I no longer have any Wi-Fi issues in the house :)
Works well I had a few issues here and there with connectivity. The main router point would be on but the mesh points would go offline or vice versa, but i'm guessing the latter was just a glitch in the app. Anyway, they work well. Usually internet providers give me routers that have a long range. Frontier FIOS gave us a cheapie router :/ I bought this and the whole house has a strong signal. The app is fairly easy to use and the information in straightforward. I haven't really needed to contact customer support because they provide troubleshooting information thats quite easy to find. Other than the minor blip listed above, I'm quite happy with this purchase. 5 stars
Wish I had gotten them sooner. With 30+ Lifx bulbs (all in recessed cans) both inside and outside my U shaped house along with three Amazon Echo devices, a laptop, a cell phone, and several smart plugs, my AT&T wifi could just not cut it. And even though I was paying for gigabit fiber, my speeds straight sucked. A friend recommended Google Wifi. Total game changer. With three pucks spaced more or less evenly around the U of my house, I haven't lost control of a single bulb or had one drop off the network (an almost daily occurrence), I have zero dead spots throughout the house and back deck/pool area with my phone, the response times from everything including Alexa is noticeably faster, and my speed test numbers jumped from the 500s to the 800s... I'm getting the internet I paid for and now I can add more bulbs and that robot vacuum I've been wanting. And the setup was stupidly simple. It does everything for you! I liked that it even kept giving me encouraging updates while connecting. Download the app, follow the directions... plug the first one into your existing router, plug the power cord in, and the app does the thinking... literally plug and play. No kidding, the most difficult part was choosing a name for my new network. It worked right out of the box, I had zero trouble migrating everything to the new mesh network, and it has been rock solid and speedy since the minute it was up and running. It is just so easy and the app interface is easy to use and understand too. If you have Lifx bulbs, the downside is you have to do a factory reset on each individual bulb... but that's just time consuming and that's not the Google wifi's fault. I also recommend turning off the wifi radios in your existing router once you are done setting up the mesh network. I am incredibly happy with how this turned out. I was looking at the system that cost twice as much but now I'm twice as happy at half that price.
Upgrade from Apple Airport Extreme We do a lot of game streaming with GeForce Now and Steam in home streaming. Our Apple Airport Extreme was also AC1200, but wow is Google better. Streaming is smooth with almost no "wifi stuttering." No more insufficient bandwidth warnings in GeForce Now.Thoughts:* I just bought the one unit and it covers our small house just fine.* The app is also really good once you get used to it.* "Pause" isn't perfect. It blocks YouTube on the iPad instantly but not our Wyze Cams at all.* The app only picks up hostnames for Apple devices (bonjour, probably), but you can manually name them.
Just as described All is good
Easy to use, multifunctionality. With the app the router sets up the whole network for you. I even hardwired one to get wifi in my garage that was too far to reach the mesh.
Easy to use Super easy to set up straight out of the box. You really don't need anything additional besides your phone. I downloaded the app and had my 10 year old set everything up for me. So far everything has been working well and it eliminated the dead spots we had with our previous network/routers. Would recommend this to others with a large home.
Definitely worth it Love these ! Totally improved our Wifi. S got rid of dead zones
Didn't work I had high hopes. I have an Apple airport router that doesn't reach all of the house well and since Apple is no longer going to make routers I thought I'd try these. Took a very long time for the google app to "setup" the network and when it finally did it named it "null" and wasn't discoverable. I tried setting up another puck instead which is what some of the online forums suggested but that wasn't recognized either. The only google advice online appears to be unplug and restart everything. I did and I also reinstalled the app several times on my phone but no luck. I'm returning the product.
Easy to use, reliable Now I have full wifi cover around the house. I bought this before the cheaper mesh alternatives debuted by the other companies.Installation and set up was a breeze. All using the app on board, I can be anywhere in the house and check on my various mesh routers.
Works like a charm! I used the 3 Google Wifi units to replace the wifi signals from a Verizon router and a very powerful access point in my house. The strength and velocity of the resulting signal is way, way better than I had before. Installation is very simple. Reach of the wifi signals is much better than before, covering some dead points. The phone app also allows you to monitor, check internet speed, check interconnectivity between the wifi units and track usage. In summary, the system works beautifully. I turned off wifi broadcasting on the Verizon router to avoid any conflicts. Highly recommended.
highly recommend this product This product is very easy to install and use. The WiFi signal is pretty strong and covers my whole apartment. I like this product very much and highly recommend it to others.
b'Works great, easy install! Incredibly pleased with this product! Before I installed the Google WiFi mesh network I couldn\xe2\x80\x99t stream to my tv, and there were no-go areas in my house where the signal disappeared.My son suggested I try the Google WiFi. Admittedly, I was not expecting much, based on other attempts at improving my WiFi situation.I was pleasantly surprised at how easy installation was. The process is straightforward and a no-brainer with the Google app. I had the system up and running in less than an hour.I may have to get the boy an extra nice Christmas gift for bringing this system to my attention! ??'
Love it Simplest to install wifi I have ever had. It's attractive and small. Very pleased with coverage.
Terrible Forced Mobile-App Setup Interface I tried to use this as an Access Point for my existing network. I hooked up the wire to my WAN connection, downloaded the Google WiFi app, and followed the instructions to configure everything. All attempts to complete the setup failed miserably and I had no way of really troubleshooting the device. There is NO WEB INTERFACE to help troubleshoot what issues this thing is having connecting to the internet. I hooked up my laptop to the same wire that was being fed into the WAN port on this device and it connected to the internet just fine. If you have any network skills what-so-ever, I don't recommend this since it tries to dumb down everything and hope that it works in the first go. If you have skills, you will find that by forcing the user to use the mobile app, you really have very little by the way of trouble-shooting. Easy day 1 return... getting a different AP that offers a Web-UI for config.
Google works x1 Great reach for medium sized home.
The best there is in the market!! This is 10x better than my Netgear 1200AC wifi router. Best wifi router you can ever expect to buy. Setup is a breeze, works like a charm and covers my entire 5000 sq ft house with just 3 routers using it's mesh technology with blazing speed everywhere in the house.
Works great. Very easy to monitor and to get set up.
Trailer park bliss thanks to google I love this little thing. I bought two of em to make sure I git the Wifi at the other end of my trailer (I put two single wides together, end to end). The speed is great and the features are purdy good too.In all seriousness, these are great.
Super easy setup Easy setup! Fast! Purchased for my daughter at college. Works great in her apartment.
its make my internet too fast I like the item as really nice and its make my internet too fast
Satisfied Easy to install and manage. Really good range for a 1 bedroom apartment.
Reaches back to my detached garage. 1st time I have WiFi that covers my whole property!
Send all websites you visit to google By default, every website you visit is sent to Google (DNS). And you must associate your Google account to set up the device. Proof attached.And MAC addresses are not “stored” on the cloud. Nothing says they won’t be sent to the cloud.And nothing says Google won’t change the privacy policy after you agreed to it.I think my internet connection is my private information so I’m sad to see Google is treating this network device like a way to infiltrate my life rather than just providing a good wi-if connection.
Goodstuff Working great all by itself
Inexpensive and works well I just set up Google Wifi and it's humming along. I like the small size and as a blind customer, the setup process was simple and accessible. I'm glad I bought this router and would recommend it to any of my friends.
Speed Difference is noticeable My existing N300 trendnet router started dropping connections after getting more smart devices connected. I tried hooking my old netgear for smart devices and that router was miserable (besides it’s irritating humming sound) and N300 sometimes used to drop connection. So decided to replace netgear one and was almost going to buy a low cost 3 star rated product (known popular vendor), however kept it on hold. Finally when it became unbearable for my wife’s laptop with usage of phone hotspot, I came back to buy and came across google wifi.Long story short (actually not), bought google wifi and speed difference is noticeable (guess due to 5Ghz and 802.11ac). Anyways getting speed that I actually am buying from Comcast. So wifi routers does make a difference and investing in it is better than assuming ISP or your walls are culprit for not giving full speed.Cautions- for whatever reason google wants to collect data into their cloud for allowing advanced features. You can opt out or disable it and Wifi will still work, just that it limits some of the things (I think they should be able to provide those features without storing user network info in cloud. There is a difference between using info in app and cloud just for processing vs. actually storing it. One doesn’t get to see what all info they store. Being google likely they will make the data available to the user for download, like their other products).
Worth the price I added a fourth mesh point to my system, so far very happy with it. I did wire them so the signal was a bit better.
good +Good quality flawless +Family filter -Expensive (comparing that I got free routers from the -Don't let you block specific web site -Did not automatically switch from one router to another (have to do it manually) - Would like to have 'general user' vs. 'power user' mode so those who want to do more can play with advance settings. - Would like to have usage tracker and save it forever - No downgrade update (if updates not good) -No option pin code for extra security. - NO web control option. -Costco got better price! come on Amazon!
The best The best system out there. Had it set up in under 5 minutes and never had a problem with it
Awesome router with a cuteness factor! So far this has been an awesome router. Cute, easy to install, and love that I can manage it from my phone with an app. The guest feature is great too and easy to set up. I have a 2400 square foot duplex and one router works for the entire house. I didn't know if I would need another one, but so far so great!!
Better than I could have hoped for!!! This was very easy to install. It works better than could have hoped for. I have no cell service where I live so wi-fi calling is very necessary. I can walk to every corner of my house on both floors without dropping a call. I couldn't be happier.
Fantastic performance, easy to setup and manage I've had a vareity of wireless routers over the years, from all the major brands - Linksys, Netgear, D-Link, etc. My home networking requirements are not especially complex, but I do have to main areas where there a lot of wired computers/devices, and need a good, fast connection between them - the living room, and my office area. To that end, I've tried several solutions - bridging between two routers, using a dedicated wireless to ethernet bridge in my office, powerline adapters, etc. Everything resulted in a connection that was either slow, or unreliable. I was almost to the point that I was ready to give up and just run Ethernet cable from the living room to the office, when by chance I saw the Google WiFi 3 pack was on sale. So I took the plunge and gave it a shot.Setup is insanely easy - you just plug the the power into the first access point, connect it to your modem, and use the Android app to discover, configure it via QR code & confirm it's working. The app then instructs you to add the additional APs through your house one by one, discovering & joining them to the network. Once they're all up, you can test the connectivity between them to verify optimal placment.Right away, I was able to easily bridge my living room and office area seamlessly, and the connection between the two environments is strong/fast. I also benefit from better coverage over the entire foot print of my house - very nice for when I'm outside and using a wireless device. In addition, several indepedent internet speed tests report slightly faster download/upload speeds than my old router setup - nothing over the top, it just seems to make better use of the bandwidth I'm paying for.Also, I make use of features like DHCP reservations & port forwarding - these are all easy to setup and configure via the app. It's also nice to be able to manage screen time on the kids' devices a bit easier using the Family WiFi options to set time limits and enforce Google safesearch.Overall, I'm very happy with Google wifi - it's easy to setup, has great coverage, and management is simple. I do wish configuration didn't rely on the app and could be done from a PC, but honestly, I'm never without my phone, so that's not that big of a deal.
Great System I should have bought this sooner. I have three pieces covering a 2500 Sq ft house. Where before my signal would fall out, with the new mesh system I have great signal everywhere in the house. I've also falling in love with the control over devices on the network. Great system.
Really enhanced wifi coverage in my house I tried several routers but still had spotty reception in my upstairs office (above the garage). The router was one level down in the living area. Google Wifi fixed this problem! An additional bonus is that I have two extra ethernet ports in my office now and I have connected my printers so that they are not networked printers! Win win
Only buy if you want to be miserable Was told it would take 5 minutes to set up and 6 - 7 calls later each lasting 30min- 2 hours. I’m no better off than I was before.
Speed problem My internet speed is normally between 700-1000 mbps but with Google Wifi, which I connected today, I only obtain 40-130 mbps. I am definitely disappointed and I am likely to return the product this week. Coverage was ok, but not as strong as I had hoped, based on the information I had read beforehand.
So far very happy with Google WiFi Prior to purchasing the Google WiFi router I was using a Netgear modem/router which resulted in stuttering when streaming 4K from a Synology NAS. Since setting up the Google router I am able to stream 4K 100 mbps files from the NAS without an issue.
Piece of junk This did not work at all. Setup kept failing and then once I got it setup and tried to add my additional mesh access points. It kept telling me they were out of range -- even when they were in the SAME room as the original. Very disappointing.
The ABSOLUTE Best Mesh Networking System on the Market Background:Not a person who typically reviews anything...especially for giant companies like Google, who don't need any more advertising.By no means an IT wizard, but I know enough to be dangerous.System installed in a 3,200 sq.ft. house, 2 stories with extensive outside space, using AT&T 1000mbps GigaFiber Connection.I was an Apple Airport & Airport Express person for 10+ years. When they exited the networking space last year, and when we moved into a larger home where we needed greater coverage, I started shopping for a new system. I originally went with NetGear's Orbi system (RBK50) in May of 2018. I had trouble with that system from Day1. It was more difficult to setup than Google's, the network would flash on & off at random times, and the coverage was abysmal! I tried everything with that system, including moving the routers, hardwiring the backhaul, etc. Nothing helped with the coverage. There were parts of the home less than 40 feet from the router where I couldn't get a signal. I gave up and got Google WiFi, and I am so happy I did.Setup was a breeze! I placed the 2 Google spots in exactly the same place where the Orbi's were, and my coverage is blazing fast in places where the Orbi just couldn't reach. I haven't even had the need to install the 3rd Google spot yet, because coverage is so great with just 2.If you're on the fence between this and the Orbi, the solid winner is Google! Hands down.The only con is each access point only has 1 LAN output. Buy a cheap switch to expand that if you need it. No big deal.
So easy to setup It's so easy to setup. And it looks great in the house!
Perfection Hit all spots of my 2 story home!
Stop looking and buy this now! One of the best purchases I have made in recent memory. I was frustrated daily at my WiFi. Dropped signal, weak signal, you name it. I could be in the same room as my router and still have problems with the Wifi. Since getting this system I have not experienced a single problem with my WiFi. It was super easy to set up, has great features to check status, etc. If you are frustrated with your WiFi and are even thinking about getting a WiFi system, this one is worth much more than the cost!
100% satisfied The easiest router to setup. Really good coverage.
DO NOT BUY The first point worked. This was my second attempt at adding additional pucks. After 5 conversations that lasted too long (on either of my honeymoon, no one had an answer and they wouldn't take the return. Beyond frustrated. DO NOT PURCHASE.
does not work with apple products very poor performance with apple products. was never able to keep my network functional with multiple apple products in use.
Dope! Amazing and fast set up. So far so good.
Best WiFi you can buy Great presentation easy to install the app its funcional and the performence is perfect!
Really works It really improved my internet and is really stable
Wow, GREAT product. Just installed 4 google wifi points in my home. It is sooo much better than what I had last, an Asus router (no extenders).It just works. Works great.Signal to the opposite end of the house is super strong now.I now can test the true internet speed form the ISP to the primary wifi point. Numerous times my ISP would BS me and say it's my wifi, but now I can tell them that their speed is terrible.Overall setup for all 4 points was about 1 hour. The only thing that took the most time was when each point would download firmware updates. No big deal.Super nice, highly recommend. And it looks great in the house.
takes away from main internet source not the best for managing internet speeds from main modem/router
Easy Peasy!! This router was easy to install! I get my maximum internet speed along all my devices and WiFi speed tests between the router and my devices are even faster (XboxOne, for example, averages 330 Mbps)! I guess I need to up my the speed of my Internet plan. I have a small place and the one router is enough to satisfy my needs both inside my home and also outside while I'm chillin' on the patio! I was tempted to purchase the latest and greatest router, but knowing my internet plan speed (100Mbps) this totally fits the bill, and at less than $100.00 it is a steal! Plus it looks good to boot!! Simple, easy to use... I love it!
Finally solved the wi-fi coverage problem Pros:1. Works, finally was able to get stable ~100% of my internet download speed over wifi on my home office PC which is 3-4 brick walls away from the cable modem. Deployed only 2 nodes, when the nearest one is a one brick wall away. The quality suffers when you are more than 2 brick walls away.2. Family Wi-Fi (blocking internet access) is neat feature when you need to switch child's (or adults ;))attention to something else.Cons: I have deployed only 2 nodes so it creates 4 different access point addresses - each node has separate 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz address). It not the product's problem, but when none of the nodes is in the vicinity my Galaxy Note 8 is switching between these 4 like crazy.
It works wonderfully! Made a world of a difference in our whole home internet!!
Very Good. Good cost-benefit.
Only basic administration available Doesn’t have bandwidth control
Best buy ever Easiest technology you will ever use
Don’t waste your money Very easy setup, but the darn thing just doesn’t work very often. It seems like every time google does an update, it screws it up. I’ve had it for about two months. Worked great for a month. Now starts dropping service very often. No it’s not my internet. My computer direct wired to my modem, works great. It’s 100% the google Wifi. It now tells me to move the pucks closer to each other. Even with three of them in the same room, it still works poorly.Of course I am outside the return time or they would definitely be sent back. Like I said...easy setup if you are into just setting stuff up. But don’t count on this working all that great. It’s a known problem now that I have searched the google Wifi forum.
Five Stars gift
Have 5 of these and great wifi everywhere Extend your Wifi and have a strong signal in and outside your home. Have 5 of these and great wifi everywhere!
Amazingly fast Wi_Fi now!! I love everything about it!
Great product Awesome system, no more slow internet or no internet. I have 33 wifi devices connected and it runs blazing fast it says.
Don't waste your time with other WIFI repeaters This mesh network completely solved the WIFI coverage problem in my house. Tried other highly rated WIFI stand alone extenders that were useless, kept dropping the connection.
Trouble free I've had many Wifi routers, so I've learned that as many things in life, with Wifi routers you get what you pay for. I bought Google Wifi to replace my ASUS RT-N56U, which performed flawlessly for 3+ years, but after moving to a new home I was not getting a strong signal in all rooms.Google Wifi has been trouble free since the day I installed. I am able to saturate my ISP 100mbps connection anywhere in the house, I don't get any wifi drops or disconnections and when I work from home my video/audio quality is perfect, all the time.I wish it had more advanced configuration features, but still I'd buy it again.
It's a little expensive but worth it! I love this product, worth every penny!
Worst product. Don't buy it. This router has stopped working after running okay for a while. This is very disturbing. Very annoying. Wish wouldn't have bought it.
Great WiFi Coverage I am so happy now that I have decent WiFi coverage throughout my home. Google has a free App you download to your smart phone to manage the installation. I think it would have been a challenge to do this by myself, but I hired a technician to help me. In less than an hour this true mesh router was up and running. Too soon to comment on durability, but I don't expect any problems as there are no moving parts.
Best router I ever bought Super speeds, never lost signal and good coverage.
Best Wifi for gamers Google Wifi is the best network I've had so far. Very easy to setup and is of very good quality over all. Even the packaging is awesome. I have a three-story townhouse and have had bad issues with internet. I could not get my network wired as it would have been too much work running wires thru three floors. I’ve tried various ways to setup a wireless network before with some success, but not as good as Google Wifi.I pay my internet provider for 100 Mbps download and 10 Mbps upload service. Before, I was getting speeds of 30 Mbps download and 1.5 upload on the 2.4 GHz band and about 80 Mbps download and 5.0 Mbps upload on the 5 GHz band, with the signal strength been about 75% at best. I would get different package loss on the process as well. Now that I've switched to Google Wifi I'm getting 115 Mbps download and 11 Mbps upload on both bands and 0 package loss. Even more than what I pay for, go figure.I was afraid Google Wifi would not be much better than other Wifi extenders I've used in the past. But I could not had been more wrong. Google Wifi is an awesome product which I now recommend.These are the only issues I've had with Google Wifi so far:1. I had to bridge my modem/router because Google Wifi creates a NAT. So, when I would use my XBox One it would show double NAT. Which as some of you may know, is an issue for gamers. Bridging my modem/router fixed the issue as it now only works as a modem and Google Wifi works as the router, therefore only showing one NAT.2. I cannot stop Google Wifi from broadcasting the network. On my previous networks, I've always turned off network broadcasting. But am now unable to do so, as Google Wifi does not give you the option.3. I've turned off the lights to all three Google Wifi points (I have one puck on each floor now). As they are a bit bright at night and the pucks do get a bit warm at the bottom, so I think it may help them last longer in the long run.4. Only one ethernet cable is included in the pack of three wifi terminals. I opine 6 should be included, one for each WAN/LAN connectors, as there are two for each terminal. In my case, I’m using 5 of them, so I would have had to buy four extras, but fortunately over time I’ve saved a few of them, so I just happened to have extras.
Greatest Router Ever I actually bought this at a retail store. It was the easiest router I've ever installed. Plugged it into ethernet, plugged into wall. Set up password. Done. I probably only needed 2 of these devices but due to shape of house, I installed all 3. The other 2 devices were set-up by scanning the bar code. It was incredibly easy. As far as service...I have 5 bars all the time now instead of the sketchy service I had before. This replaced an older Netgear router but note I also purchased a newer Netgear router first. It just was not strong enough due to my L-shaped home and our TV kept going in and out and freezing. I love Google Wi-Fi.
Works exceptionally well By no means am I computer savvy. I had tried an expander that did not help. Got this mesh network and now it is like being in the same room with my wireless router throughout the entire house.
Sooooo worth it!! Did exactly what I wanted it to!!!! Changed downloads on any device from hours to minuets!!! Love this product, could not be easier to set up. I have the pack of three and it was incredibly simple.
2 of of 3 units dead in less than 6 months. Ordered in June of this year, I don’t know what happened exactly but this weekend one of the power cords looks like it caught on fire on one unit. Another unit looks in great shape but when plugged in nothing happens anymore, not even the blue light.
Works great and app for network management is great. Replaced my Apple Airport with this and it was easy to setup and install. Love the app used to manage the network! Nice piece of software and help is just a phone call away if needed.
Excellent Product Installation was easy. Works great. I expect it will durable.
Wi-Fi This Wi-Fi is the one to get. It works great in my apartment. Easy, Peasy, to install
Great coverage. So easy to install! Works fantastic.
I had wired my home for Cat5e and this system ... I had wired my home for Cat5e and this system is what I should have went with in the first place. It would have saved a lot of headache
Easy to setup. I love it for its simple design. It is very small but does the job well in a solid brick home.It was annoying having to switch between 5Ghz and 2.4Ghz with my old router. But google wifi does it for you! Just one source to connect to and then router does the rest, by seamlessly selecting the broadband with the best internet speed.Simply awesome!
Love it No more problems with my tv phone or computer since my router is upstairs i had to reset it preferí often because I kept loosing the WI fi signalSince I get his, NEVER againPretty easy to install
Five Stars wifi boost perfect
Easy install, setup, and connection I had an old Apple Airport Extreme that was getting tired, and my outdoor cameras were having a hard time connecting to my wifi. I bought two of these Google Wifi units, one for downstairs to connect to my cable modem, and one upstairs to add to my wifi coverage. I found the setup with the Google app to be very easy, and love the amount of information that can be monitored from the wifi via the app including network health and even speeds of each device connected. I honestly think I had my new network up and running in less then 15 minutes. These Google units themselves are very nice, no sharp corners and will compliment any decor.
Awesome! Only thing I don’t like is, that there big. Wish they were alttile smaller , less bulkier.
Happy! Loved it!
Five Stars Super easy to set up. Phone app lets you monitor connected devices and easily share login credentials.
Simple, extremely reliable, fast. Was having connectivity and dead zone issues with a high end tri-band router. Bought this 3 pack mesh system for a 1900 square foot wood frame 2 story home. It completely solved all connectivity and speed issues that we were having. The signal is soooo strong that my phone is still connected half way out of my neighborhood.I'm able to pull 300 Mps consistently from my ISP to my main computer.The interface and setup is very simple. I highly recommend this product for all wireless needs.
Best Upgrade Ever Regardless of what people think this is by far a huge upgrade for me I’ve use a router for the past seven years and it is way past due it’s ability to pull the Internet at its max I’ve always love Google and I know Google is trying to do it’s best to protect its users and for the fact that it considers what is best for its customers in regards to the Internet and to reach its potential to be able to afford a router like this and still get the most out of my Internet is by far an accomplishment granted I don’t really care much for the fact that I have to be forced to use an app to access it but I’ll get over it and get used to it overall very satisfied with what I’ve been getting in the quality of being able to look at videos and do every day surfing is by far at its best now also hust to get an idea my previous router was a Linksys WRT160N router so the difference is significant for me
Cumplió mis expectativas Muy sencillo de instalar y excelentes beneficios. Se puede usar en México
Do you have a tired router? We did and things are things are looking so much better after this easy installation. We now have Wifi throughout our home and even outdoors. My teen boys are stoked to now have internet in their bedrooms. Mom and I are stoked that we can take that away from them with a touch on the phone app. After install, I ran an internet download speed test of which came back at 147 Mbps. No more movie buffering in this house! I do wish that the package came with the receptacle mounts but other than that I definitely recommend this product.
Amazing After months of research and hesitation I finally made my decision to invest in this product and I must say it was the best investment I've made for my home in regards to wifi improvement. First I must state I have ATT as my ISP and honestly their modems are a rip off. I would get my interent speed of 300 once in a blue moon and I had to change my modem two times in one year. After purchasing GW (Google WiFi) I never experienced lag!!!Pros:- easy setup- great app for managing network- mesh network- awesome children internet time control- ablity to modify devices- individual device speed check- device speed priorityCons:- bulkyTo fix the bit of an eye sore I Purchased amortek wall mounts and it looks great also very inexpensive (13.99) two pack.I recommend this to anyone that wants to truly experience the speeds purchased through your ISP!!!
Google Thanks. Nice.
Decent product, abhorrent customer support. I don't usually write reviews, but I find that there hasn't been a lot of chatter about the big weakness of this product and Google products in general, namely customer service and support. I purchased a Google Wifi 3 pack directly from Google and had issues setting it up right off the bat. I could get the first device up and running, but they would then fail when creating a mesh network. This occurred even when the two devices were sitting directly next to each other and both were plugged into the network via ethernet cables.I contacted Google support and spent a few hours on the phone with them troubleshooting. We finally got 2 out of the three devices up and running after factory resets, but they were not able to resolve the issue with the third. I was asked to do a diagnostic scan on the device and to send it to them for review and they promised me they would be back in touch within a couple of days with a resolution. Fast forward three days and I haven't heard from them, so I decide to follow up and call in again. Despite repeatedly providing my case number, I still had to re-explain the issue to the support rep and troubleshoot from all over again from square one. Surprise! They reached the same conclusion and once again I had to provide a diagnostic report, except this time they also required that I include a picture of the back of the device with the serial number clearly visible and a piece of paper with the case number written on it (I guess as proff that I wasn't lying?) AND that I call my ISP to make sure they didn't need to "register the device" despite the fact that two thirds of the devices are working fine. OK, I'll bare with you Google.Fast forward again and its now been two weeks since I purchased the devices and I'm right back where I was on day 1. Support did not follow through on their promise to be back in touch, so I followed up again, even reaching out to Google via twitter at one point to see if that expedited things (SPOILER ALERT: it did not). This time when I spoke to someone I cut to the chase and asked that they just provide me with a replacement for the device which came DOA. This seems to me like a pretty straightforward request and something that any other company that sells hardware would honor quickly and easily, but not Google. They had to "escalate" the (third!) support ticket that they've opened for this problem to a higher tier which takes "one to two weeks" to process the request.So here I am, over a month after receiving the product and still waiting on a replacement for a faulty device. The biggest bummer is that when they work, these things work really well and are super simple to set up! Aside from some minor issues (not being able to select 2.4Ghz or 5Ghz bandwidth wifi, which made setting up my simplisafe system a bit of a pain), it's been really easy to use and seamless. I just wish Google would stand by their products, but it's pretty obvious that customer satisfaction and support is not a priority for them.
Easy to setup Easy to setup. Easy to manage. Set it up for my parents and I can help manage their wifi from my house.
Works wonders 10 stars! Girlfriend bought this for her 3 story home. We spend a good anount of time in the basement while the previous router was allll the way up on the 3rd floor. The Google WiFi system has eliminated all connection issues. Highly recommend. Well worth the $$!
Wish it worked for us Seems like a great idea. Sleek design. But I coul not get it fully set up. Kept telling me this error. Tried calling - worthless help center who just kept going through on screen prompts and had no actual tech background to help me problem solve. Had a techy neighbor who’s an electrician come help me. He couldn’t get it to work. Just before he gave up he thought to swap out the cable. Maybe it was bad. BAM! It worked!! We could finsish set up and the rest was smooth sailing. But then I couldn’t use my laptop. Something was jamming my signal. Called my internet provider who is a small local biz bc I live in a rural area. They came out. We’re getting crazy high pings when they ran some diagnostics. Couldn’t figure it out. Had to hard wire laptop. Cell phones worked fine. They wanted to change the channel but you can’t do that with this system.
Actual solution to WiFi reach issues! The best purchase! I bought three “cheaper” WiFi extenders and returned them all- finally broke down and bought these and haven’t had a single issue! Others just do not work. These are absolutely worth the cost! They’re great!!
Five Stars No parallels
It works but slow We have a 3,000 sq ft one storey house so the Google 3 pack should work easily. I have the main node on one end, the 2nd one halfway through the house and the 3rd one on the other end. I got a new modem from our cable company and this new whole home system from Google. I also have a brand new laptop. But everything seems slower instead of faster than my 10 yr old modem and 8 yr old wireless router. It works but it's noticeably slower rather than noticeably faster. It was easy to install and get working. It also came in quickly, well packaged. So I give it a 3 for those things but I think I'd try something else for speed. I'm having to wait on all devices, having to refresh website pages constantly. I'm VERY disappointed.
Great solution to provide WiFi in a large space. While primarily geared as a residential solution, I needed to deploy a great WiFi solution to cover the large space at my church. The 3 AP's 'mesh' together and provide great coverage across many rooms in a 40 by 160 foot space. The system took less then 30 minutes to set up. You use an application on your smart phone to setup and monitor the environment. You can setup 2 WLANS with their own PSK. You can prioritize certain devices or set up time of use for other specific devices. Even remotely you can quickly validate the AP's are communicating with each other, see who is connected to the network, and perform speed tests to all connected devices, and speed tests out to the Internet. It even shows historical WAN usage for 30 days. For the Techies, a lot of the details are hidden or hard to find. But, if you want a reasonably priced plug and play solution, this is it.
Constant connection throughout the condo. I live in a 2700 sq. ft. condo and the Linksys router I had was dropping cell phones and laptops constantly. It was an AC3200 tri-band. After enough frustrations and Linksys' inability to fix the issue after multiple phone calls, I purchased the Google router mesh system (3 units) and have not had a single dropped signal. I might have been able to add relays or whatever it is Linksys and others suggest, but why not go with the latest technology and especially since it is capable of being constantly updated.Very happy and would recommend strongly.
Works great! Amazing features Works great! Amazing features. Easy setup.
Inconsistent performance. Unfortunately I have had issues with google WiFi since day 1. Yes, it improved the coverage of wi-fi in my home but I find that my devices (particularly iPhone) seem to cut in and out. After running all the network tests and speaking with Google, I still have not been able to determine the issue. For example, I seem to have the biggest issues when playing videos on YouTube, instagram, Twitter etc, as they begin playing and usually immediately begin to buffer. If I turn off Wifi, reset router or close apps it usually seems to temporarily resolve the issue but I shouldn’t have to do this.
Fixed the dead zone in my basement! Had very poor signal in my basement now I’m able to use my Apple TV 4K with no problems. They do need proximity so I found a corner of the basement right under the primary Wifi point and it works perfectly. Very much worth the money and extremely easy to use.
No more dead spots!!!! Using 2 covers my 3 floor home. Should have got earlier
My internet speed has slowed down to a crawl with this I like the system and it was easy to set up. However, my speed on devices has really slowed down. I've even turned wifi off on some devices and just have my phone and computer so that I will have more speed. I'm working on a back up computer right next to one of the Google devices and the speed is a crawl. Speed tests vary from 18 to 100. Spectrum came yesterday and put in new equipment and checked everything from the beginning of the line to the end. The speed was showing over 200 but still I only get slow wifi. The device part of my app also quit working and does not show the speed to each device. I am returning it to Best Buy. I did not have these problems before I bought this system.
Buy it Amazing product. Instantly improved the WiFi experience. Definitely worth every penny.
Awesome Awesome wifi with easy set up. I love the mobile app that allows you to configure settings on each wireless device that attaches to your network.
AWFUL!! Ever since we bought this and attempted to install our internet and wifi has been horrendously messed up.
It Just Works - A Frustrated AT&T User Made Happy If you have AT&T Uverse/Fiber you know how terrible their modem/router combo is. It lacks so many features and you have next to zero control over your network. On top of that the wifi strength is awful. I am one room away and can barely break 20mbs. As a result, my house is wired with a 24 port switch with many devices connected to avoid wifi.I have tried using other mesh networks in the past to extend my wifi strength and they didn't work. I'm pretty savvy in networking so lack of knowledge isn't an issue. I ordered the three pack of Google Wifi and a last resort, to be honest. After plugging the Google Wifi main node in and giving it DMZ access through my AT&T router I began the setup process, what little there was.The Google Wifi app is a breeze. If I recall there is about 3 or 4 steps, all of which are super easy. The app does the entire setup process for you as far as configuration goes. All you have to do is plug one ethernet cable into the node and the power and you're good to go.After installing the other two Google Wifi nodes the app connected them all together and everything was up and running within 20 minutes. In my bedroom, farthest corner of the house, I used to get under 10mbs up/down (keep in mind I have fiber so wired my max speed is around 970mbs). I know get 600mbs in the bedroom. Talk about an increase in speeds. The price is fair and honestly, I'd pay almost double what I paid for the 3 pack because of how well it performs and how easy the setup was.
Dropped download speeds Google Wifi dropped my download speeds by a significant amount, I have fiber speeds and with my regular router I was getting download speeds of 600 mbps and with google Wifi I was getting 70mbps. I called google wifi tech help and the tech said I dont need that much speed anyway. So I returned it for a refund.
Super Easy To Set Up, Works Great What more can you ask for? It set up in about three minutes. It works great. I can check my speeds from my phone, and instruct it to cycle to a different frequency of it looks like there's a better one to use. And, I can give my guests access to wifi without giving the main password out. It's pretty great. Set up a second one to mesh to a detached bonus room. That took all of five minutes, and it really improved or streaming reception!
Increase internet speed Great router. Easy set up. Improved internet speed x 2 as fast
Easy as pie Easy easy easy. This is how technology should be in 2018. Download the app and “plug and play”. I am using with my Google fiber and now have much better coverage than with my fiber box alone. Speeds are great
Simple Super easy setup. Not too much if customization but this product isn't meant for that.
b'Impressive ?? We are really happy that we decided to add this to our network..Our son said he really liked theirs so why not try it...We are so glad we took his advice?? This really increased our speed...Thanks for offering this!'
These work great! I have a 7500 ft house These work great! I have a 7500 ft house. I now have Wifi in every corner of my home. The really great thing is that it was rediciusly easy to install. Piece of cake!
5 star Great product
Lasted 1 year 2 months Took 5 hours working with tech support to find out one unit was defective.
3 of these not better than an ancient Netgear (single) router 1 OLD netgear WNDR4500 beats 3 of these ! better speed on my old netgear, so the google wifi system is going back ! 4300 sq foot house, tested in about 6 locations. was my unit defective?
Better than wifi extenders Had some dead spots in the house, and tried a few different wifi extenders - all garbage and returned. Decided to shell out the $ for this system, wish I had done it much sooner. Easy to set up, incredible coverage - way beyond what I expected. Highly recommend. If you have a large home, get the 4 unit system - that is what I did, and it reaches every corner of every room.
Great hub. Great hub. Extends internet all through the home.
AH-MAZING! I have Spectrum WiFi: 100 Mbps (fastest commercial service in SoCal). I am a Ring user and a Slinger (SlingTv) and, before this gem, i had awful quality/connection. My channels would continuously buffer or have a blurry image. My Ring feed would lag or be of poor quality. I knew it wasn't my provider so, thanks to a coworker's suggestion, I decided to give the Google WiFi system a go... once I installed the Google WiFi router, it ALL came to life! My TV channels are immaculate! So sharp I can see pores on people's faces! My channels do not buffer whatsoever anymore! My Ring feed is much faster & of better quality. I have a small 1-bedroom apartment (700sq.ft.) so one was more than enough for me. BEST purchase I've made! LOVE IT!
Flawless Victory! Very easy to setup and install just make sure you download the app because I forgot to and I got somewhat stuck at that point. LOL
Easy Setup Easy setup. Added this to our existing network with great ease.
I love it worth the money Very happy with this setup my so called new Netgear nighthawk was messing up and we had to reboot it every day and with google WiFi no problem whatsoever
Great product Love having great Wifi everywhere around the house. It’s super nice to kill the kids WiFi at homework time. Don’t have to worry about sneaking online.
What you need to know Work great but things I didn't know it has to have a hard wire connection so needs to be plugged in with an ethernet cable but so far internet is faster but I also though that this was basically a wifi booster so it would make your current wifi better but it actually has its own wifi which is kinda annoying then you need to connect new devices and whatnot
Easy to install Wow I have been missing out, should of ordered this a long time ago. Clean WiFi throughout the house and even pool equipment doesn't lose connection.
Works like it should I bought this "mesh" system in preparation for moving into a larger house and haven't been disappointed. In our old, 2200 sq ft house, the single wifi router barely covered the full interior. With 3 points on this system, there is no loss of signal speed/strength over 3500 sq ft. Set up is super easy and the app makes trouble shooting a breeze.
Amazing coverage zone Works amazing from my house to the lake
Works Great Tried several other brands, this was quick, easy and over a month now - very reliable.
Love them Love these! Super easy to set up. Creates a strong WiFi signal all over my 3500 sq/ft house, highly recommended
Easy to set-up and use, great coverage area, great app I have had the 3 google pucks for over 3 months now. I must say that I absolutely love the mesh setup.The set-up: It was very easy and straight forward with the app. It walks you through every step.The coverage area: I have 2400 Sq Ft single floor home and the 3 pucks provide coverage in every nook and cranny of my home. I love the fact that the mesh network provides seamless coverage so you don't disconnect from one area and then have to connect to another area of the home (like WiFI repeaters or Access Points).The App: It is very easy to use and navigate. You can literally check the status of everything about the network on the app. You can see how many users are on, their usage of the network, etc. You can even set bandwidth priorities for certain devices. It shows you your password(s) if you can remember them. It also lets you set up a "guest" network with more restricted access.Placement: I would highly recommend getting a Google WiFi Outlet Holder Mount. The mounts I got are the ones where you wrap the cord on the back side of the holder it hold the puck right by the outlet. They work perfectly. the pucks are not in the way and there are no cords hanging around anywhere.Overall I couldn't be happier. I would recommend this to anyone that needs wider network coverage area in their home.
Easy to install and works great Speed is awesome and streaming live tv works incredible
Best What a great product it so simple to use and install it extend my internet and love it
No difference Using for about 2 months, barely notice any difference on the devices I have connected to it
Works perfect Easy install. User friendly
Works Great for Long Shaped Apartment [ Issues ]- Similar to a few of the reviews mentioned, I live in a NYC apartment that is not very big but has a pretty long distance from living room to bedroom (about 75 feet). The kitchen and bathroom are located the middle between the living room and bedroom, building is pre-war with high ceiling and thick walls. I’ve always struggled with spotty and weak signal at the furthest room which is the bedroom.- Streaming video or using sonos are impossible, I’d be lucky if I could browse online without the internet disconnecting on my phone or desktop- I use Plex media server, located in my bedroom. I just want to watch my stuff on the TV in the living room without buffering every other min.- Multiple router set up is too complicated for me (maybe in the next life)[Solutions that did not work]- Long range routers- WiFi extenders- Physically wire ethernet cable but wiring is messy and visually unpleasant. Had issues setting up the configuration for Plex.[Solution that works, finally!]- Google WiFi is simple to set up, the 3 pack took total of 15 mins to set up. The most time spent was on deciding where to place the pods.- I have 100Mbps speed internet with Spectrum, Google WiFi speed test ranges from 65Mbps ~ 102Mbps.- I’m able to use Plex on tv in my living room and have media server in the bedroom, no extra configuration needed.- Video streaming in 4K works fine without buffering.- It’s been 8 months since my purchase, I only had issue once and it was because of Spectrum service outage for a day.- Sonos works flawlessly through the apartment. Phones and Laptops work fine as well.- Love how you can control light level on each device. I usually turn the bedroom pod off so it’s not distracting when I go to sleep.- Easy to change guest WiFi log in info on your phone.
Finally - WiFi Everywhere I have tried everything - repeaters - more expensive - higher power routers and nothing worked. I have an average 2000 sq. ft. house - so something should work. I finally broke down and got the Google WiFi Mesh and all I can say is - it works! It was easy to setup - I have the 2 remote units hardwired and I am getting 4-5 out of 5 - everywhere. There even seems to be less interference when running the microwave - something that would knock out my other routers. If you are looking for WiFi everywhere - get this 3 pack and you will be very happy!
Doesn’t work with AT&T WiFi Calling. I tried to “cheap out” and get the Google WiFi system instead of Eero. Ended up returning the Google WiFi units for Eero. If you want WiFi Calling on your cellphone, be aware that Google WiFi doesn’t work- I found this out after installing. I guess this is a known issue... I just wasted my time before discovering it. Skip it and go with Eero. Installed it today and it is awesome. Easy setup and WiFi Calling is all go! The Eero app is a lot less clunky and way more intuitive than the Google WiFi app.
Outstanding! Setup was a snap. Giving it the same name and pass as the old one made all my devices connect to it automatically. Great signal strength and speed ! It’s a MUST have !!!
Easiest set up ever Just bought one to add to the other 3 I have so I could get coverage in my guest house. Incredibly simple set-up (all through the great app) and now I have great expanded coverage. I did a lot of research on which mesh router to buy-- it's so overwhelming and so many fake reviews-- but a friend recommended this and I'm glad he did.
Internet Speed at Best It was VERY easy to install, my internet speed is incredible after I installed the Google WIFI Home, every room, every space in my house has the same bw, It is the best solution to have the best BW all over any space.
GREAT Great product google has it figured out
Five Stars very good
Great buy! I bought this to replace our current router which had to be reset almost daily. Setup took me less than 5 minutes and coverage has been fantastic! It handles multiple devices very well and I couldn't be happier with my purchase!
High quality, easy to install I've been having Internet issues over the years. Didn't realize that the issue was my wireless modern. I couldn't connect more than one device at a time. The cable company providing services couldn't figure it out. All my issues got resolved with Google wifi. For the first time in years I get my monies worth from my Internet service...
Signal extended Wi-fi extended dramatically and speeds are up appreciably.
Best WiFi Best WiFi router I have ever used. Easy to install, control, and the signal strength is great
Router My other router died so I replaced it with this one. It doesn't seem to be as powerful as the old one, but it is really cute. I love the way it looks.
No significant improvement Since 'cutting the cord', I have been 100% streaming and my service provider has even up'ed my Megs to 200.However, I still get buffering freezes lasting @ 5 seconds. A little and a lot irritating when watching or binging my favorite Amazon, Netflix or Hulu original content. I have a compact 1 BR apartment with my router 8' off the floor and open. So. purchased the Google Wifi system to hopefully solve the 5 second dilemma.Nope...Honestly, I tried in a multiple of configurations/placements. I even asked "OK Google" for advice."If your wifi isn't working, tap, more info on how to fix." RIGHT!!
Pretty stinking awesome. Google WiFi has been a god send. We have a nearly 4,000 square foot house and recently switched internet providers to get much better speeds. Only downfall is the provided router had poor coverage. SoI bought the Google WiFi pack (3pcs). Now I ave coverage all throughout the house and even out in the yard. No loss of speed at all anywhere. Love it.Only one issue. One printer hooked right up on the network without any trouble. but we have one printer that refuses to connect to it. Not sure why and can’t figure it out. the one we have trouble connecting with the network is a lower end printer so it’s not that big of a deal. We ended up just connecting it directly to the ISP network and skipping the Google WiFi network. Not ideal, but it works.I also know that Google is most likely tracking everything we do online because of using their mesh network. However, I have smart TVs, smart phones, Amazon accounts... etc. It’s not like I’m not already being tracked so the thought of Google tracking me a little more isn’t something that deters me form using this. Sure, I wish nobody was tracking me, but, if you’re reading this review, you’re being tracked. So... whatcha gonna do.Anyway... setup was super easy. Speeds are great. Coverage in the house is amazing. I would definitely buy again and would recommend to anyone needing better WiFi coverage in the house.
Great product looking forward to impovements in future models I love the Google Routers, have gotten sets for my home, parents and work. So easy to control from the App. Had a small issue when they conflicted with the Verizon router but was able to overcome that issue. I really wish they would pair these with a Google Home Speaker. How hard would it be to put a google mini on top of these. You already have them around the house. why have 2 devices when you could have one?
Better than I was expecting I purchased three for my house after having issues with a single router (Netgear AC1750) doing all the WiFi work. The Netgear worked fine until I added the Rachio 3 and Nest thermostate. At that point my Roku was just dragging. The setup took a bit on each one but not hard to deal with. After all three were set up, all the devices worked great. I even loved the ability to dedicate speed to a single device and even the ability to stop the WiFi on specific devices.
Best wifi I ever got It doesn’t have eight legs like a dead spider, like some of the other Wi-Fi base stations, but the range of this base station is amazing. My online experience has improved significantly. My older base station could not deal with the bandwidth, probably the chipset was too sluggish, so my videos would freeze. This has resolved all those problems. The best part of this base station is the software however. The software is really really good, as to be expected from Google. I highly recommend this for your next purchase. You will not be disappointed
Definitely worth the money! Easy to set up, easy to use.
Compact, easy to use, and sleek! The router is extremely sleek, easily supports my 150 mbps download speeds, and was very easy to set up. Also, the accompanying app allows for easy diagnostic testing and feature adjustments. Overall, an excellent quality router.
If it can be configured in bridge mode, then it will a perfect product Our home is about 4200 sqft and we have two WIFI hot spots to cover the entire home. However, we have to manually switch from one WIFI network to another when we move to certain part of the house, and sometimes it can be quite annoying. So I was hoping a meshed wifi solution can resolve this issue.When I first bought this set of Google WIFI devices, I loved it. It was nicely designed and setup was very easy. Soon I have all 3 devices up and running. I can roam to every accessible corners in the house, during all the time the Internet access speed was lightning fast. I was very happy and thought about giving this product a 5 star review.The trouble, however, came when my wife came back home. She started complaining that her AT&T iphone cannot do WIFI calling any more. I was puzzled since my own AT&T iphone was just fine doing WIFI calling. A little digging from the Internet later, it turned out that this Google device is configured as router and does its own NAT. Its NAT, combined with the FIOS router NAT, somehow makes trouble for AT&T WIFI calling on MULTIPLE devices. Also some people may have trouble with other smart phone functions due to this double NAT. In my opinion, Google can resolve this kind of issue by giving the option of bridge mode on this device. I am sure they can still support those fancy functions, such as mesh network testing, even in bridge mode. But this is not an option. I guess they are just too arrogant to make this simple fix.Unfortunately for us, we have to use WIFI calling since the cell coverage in our home is very bad. So I can only have one solution: return it and write a bad review about it.
Works great! Works great!
Best Wifi device. I tried every WiFi amp and device, but this one does the job. Easy to set up and now my Wifi signal is strong everywhere needed in my home. Recommend it for anyone that has a weak service provider Wifi signal. Now that I know the Wifi works I'm looking for a new internet provider!
If you like Big Brother watching you, get this. If not, buy another router! Google=Big Brother. Their wifi system tracks your every move. I don't like people following me. Do you? Google will know everything about you. You give up your privacy when buying this system. I didn't know that until I started hooking it up. Therefore, it is going in the box and being shipped back. It may be the best wifi in the world, I just happen to like my privacy. Cheers.
Excellent WiFi products Very good products, which cover the whole house. However, Costco sell bundle of 4 at lower price.
Works better than any Hub router I have ever owned! The Google Hub mesh works much better than any hub router with wireless extenders that I have tried. I am quite happy with the Google Hub mesh.
Great system Simple, works, great WiFi and you can distribute the signal so there are no weak spots. My vacation home is three floors, I put one in each floor and have great speeds in every room. Love this system.
Reliable Wifi system, good for 5000 sq ft house I used different kinds of wifi routers, Google wifi is the best one, I recommended to my clients and my friends to buy the google wifi system with 3 packs, easy to setup and put them into separated rooms in order to get the best wifi signal. Love it, the original system comes with 3 packs, if your house is huge, you can buy another set of google wifi system and add to the master one, so you have 6 hot wifi spot at home, it will mesh the network and make it super stronger wifi environment
Every home needs this! My internet has never worked better and I noticed immediate results when I installed this one. It's very easy to set up, use, and track your internet strength. I highly recommend it.
Our Internet works 1000 times better now Our Internet works 1000 times better now
It Works Great wifi coverage for my house, 3k sq ft with 2 floors.
Highly recommend. Have never had a WiFi issue since installing it. Highly recommend.
ease in set up Not what we thought it was
Excellent device covers my 5k Sq Ft House - Many Switches I have a 5k sq ft house and previously I had 2 routers for the entire house. I would have a deadspot in my office and barely any reception outside. If I put the router in my office, I wouldn't get reception in large parts of the house. Also my wifi had 2 different SSID so it would be a constant struggle to pick the one with the best reception.I have experience installing mesh devices at my commercial properties but wanted a solution for my home.I thought about the Netgear Orbi device but the reviews showed that it was hit or miss. The Google Wifi on the other hand had largely glowing reviews and was cheaper. The biggest con for the google devices from reviewers was that it wasn't tri-band.Tri-band was not necessary for me because all 3 locations I needed it for had ethernet run to it from my main data room.Installation was a little trickier than I expected. As I was doing backhaul installation vs just mesh, it seemed to have difficulty detecting the devices for some reason. I had to kind of experiment going back and forth between connected devices and non-connected ones. I think it detects based on bluetooth.I imagine it might be easier to install if you start off with all the devices in the same room instead of going to where they ultimately will be installed at.I had many devices that were hardwired and required 4 switches.You also have to make sure that all your devices are AFTER the google Wifi if you want them to be on the same subnet.My network topography looks like this..Router => Google Wifi Primary => Old Netgear R7000 Router in AP Mode (Access Point Mode) => Google Wifi => Switch => Google Wifibeyond each switch there are multiple other switches.I like how within the app I can see how much data each connected device is using in realtime and historical.As I have poor cellphone reception in my house, my calls now perform much better as I stay on the same SSID with full bars going from room to room. Whereas before I would have to run to the room with the strongest reception on my current connection.Overall, very satisfied with the google wifi - one of my better purchases recently.CONS:The only con that I can think of right now is the lack of ports. I really do wish that it had more network ports so I don't have to buy switches. I'm not sure how much more the product would cost with more ports but it would be handy vs just the 2 ports it has. Since I use them in backhaul mode, meaning they arent meshing together, 1 port is used for the backhaul and the other to a switch. If it had 4 ports, then i most likely dont need switches for at least 1 of themIts almost as good as the bamboo sheets from Hotel Sheets Direct :)
We lose signal just one room over between only one wall. I have 6 of these. They don't reach fa enough. We lose signal just one room over between only one wall.
“Instant” pause for kids devices... not even close to instant. I bought to replace my old Apple WiFi.Main draw was parental controls on WiFi use without a subscription. Unfortunately the instant pause is useless. Doesn’t stop WiFi to the kids devices without a long delay. This is despite help from google coustmer service.
Great!!! Love this product. Using it a mesh with the Ihub router. Works great
Easy So it’s easy to install with the app and it’s pretty. I love this. I replaced a D Link that was a pain to setup, huge and realllllly ugly.
Like it a lot!! Like it a lot!!
Ordered this from Bengaluru, India I ordered this from Bengaluru India as at the time of order, it was not available in India. I love google products because of its durability, easy to assemble and easy to install and this product did not disappoint me.With Google Home software installed, its like you don't need anything to configure in software part.At hardware side its just 2 wires, one from your router (remember you need a router to use this wifi system), and one to connect to the power adapter.Regarding the strength of the wifi, it spreads across 2 big rooms and more than enough for a 3 bhk home in India.
Product broken I bought it during vacation time in US to use in my network system at home in Brazil and it simply does not work. I have already 6 others and know how to use it but to my surprise this last one is not even recognized through my iphone.
Setup - a Mess Over 4 hours spent between Google Wifi company and Spectrum Internet Provider - with no progress made.Infuriating process.
Couldn't be happier! This thing is excellent!! Installation was super simple and compared to my old router it's amazing. I was getting about 50-60 mbps with my plan being at 100 Mbps so my wifi was lacking a little. As soon as I upgraded to the Google router I was getting 112 Mbps on my WiFi which is very nice. The new router literally doubled what I use to get.
Strength So far I’m liking the google Wifi. Easy to set up and use and my reception is a lot better it seems. Just a pain to reset up everything, but I believe it was worth getting these. And they are styles and no one really notices them.
Awesome and easy We struggled with adding and moving 4 range extenders and had crappy coverage in our house. In particular the TV/Roku in the bedroom could never get a decent signal (about 50 ft from the router, but through a brick wall). This meant terrible picture quality if it would work at all. It would buffer and buffer and buffer and buffer....Set 3 of these google units up in a matter of minutes using their very cool app. And the TV works PERFECTLY! Plus all the laptops, phones and everything else in the house have maximum reception too.Also, and I can't explain this, the speed test I run on the router while standing right beside it, ran at 60-80mbs .... the speed test in the bedroom was ridiculously bad ... the speed test the google devices produced 110mbs, at the far end of the house. Don't know how they work so much better than the wifi built into the router, but they do!
less than a year stopped working not even a year and it stopped working
Nice Solved my slow internet problem and dropped network instantly
This is pretty good and worth the money! This is nice and good!
If you have multiple floors... My house (about 1900 sq ft) has three levels - main floor, upstairs, and basement, so I went with the 3-pack.My modem is located on main floor, in the back of the house, in the family room , so that is where my main Google WiFi device was placed (and connected to my modem)The second one was placed at the top of the landing upstairs. The stairs are located midpoint between the front and rear of the house. The third one was placed in the basement, near a wall not far from the bottom of the stairs.As everyone else has already mentioned, set up was a breeze.THE SIGNAL IS STRONG THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE HOUSE! Multiple devices (cell phones; laptops; wireless security cameras; Netflix streaming on TV's via Roku and Amazon stick). (EDIT since I wrote the original review: I have a Roku in a bedroom on the first floor. Even though the bedroom is on the first floor, it picks up the signal from the pod that is in the basement, and I wasn't completely happy with the response on the Roku box, so I ran an Ethernet cable from the first floor pod to the Roku in the bedroom and it now works great with the stronger signal)All I can say is that the Google WiFi network setup works great.(My previous setup was three hard-wired routers located in similar locations. Signal strength from routers was nowhere near as good as Google WiFi)Kudos Google!
Best Best
Works Great I have Verizon Fios and was barely getting reception within my 6300 sq ft home... I ordered and setup my Google system with ease, turned of the wireless option on the Verizon modem and my internet is flying... I have 6 tv's, garage opener, Schlage door lock, Nest thermostat, wireless camera system,4 cell phones, 3 iPads, Mac laptop and more connected to wifi...Everything is FANTASTIC!!!
Pretty slick, app has cool network controls Easy to setup but follow the directions exactly. Speed is much faster than the 6 year old Linksys router with a hard wired access point. Devices switch seamlessly to the closest hub.
Best Wifi system ever ! My entire wifi issues just went away once I switched over to this from my traditional alien ship look alike router. Speed has considerably improved with no random drops anymore. Great reception in and around the house. The only negative I would say is the need to connect your system to Google which seems unnecessary. Google claims they only need it so that you can remotely monitor the system.
Works so much better than the Apple Router I highly recommend this product. I had alot of issues with my Apple router; I was resetting it all of the time (15 days after purchase - which means you cannot get your money back). This Google product is great, range is longer and works like a charm!
Five Stars Easy to add to existing Google wi-fi system
Does not support existing WiFi networks Product is not compatible with other WIFi networks. Which is not stated in product details
Nice product Its very user-friendly device, but I have some problem blocking the device when I want to block some device at home. some time it's not responding.
Easiest electronics device I’ve ever set up Seamlessly integrates with our WiFi router to provide whole house mesh connectivity. I used to have dead spots around the house but not anymore. We have three units for a 3100 sq ft house, could maybe use one more to better cover my outside cameras and video doorbell. It’s also very nicely packaged similar to the way Apple does it.
True to what is advertised What a great product so far! Very easy to set-up, coverage is excellent and it continues to perform as advertised. I've had them for 4 weeks and love them.
Awesome Easy to use
Amazon Prime Streaming Problem Solved Adding this system to our Comcast modem/router (gateway) solved the problem we were having with streaming Amazon Prime through a Roku device. Having the modem located in the office in a separate room from the living room having the Roku and tv probably caused the frequent streaming disruptions with the error message of "Insufficient bandwidth". However, placing three of these Google router units provided wifi coverage for the whole house, eliminating the streaming problem. Mounting two of the units with the Amortek accessory holders made for a simple, unobtrusive, elegant installation.
It Just Works I am an IT professional and this product has improved my quality of after-work life more than any other. Let me explain.For several years I had an in-home network with three linksys routers, only one of which was configured as a router and the other two as wireless access points. I set up and administered the network myself. I can’t tell you how many times I heard from my kids, “Dad, the Internet is slow”, or from my wife, “honey, can you fix the internet?” Uggg - wrestling with IT was the last thing I felt like doing after a long day’s work. After countless firmware upgrades and researched tweaks to the configuration, the fix seldom lasted more than a few days.I have since ripped out the Linksys routers and replaced it with the google WiFi system (keeping my cable modem). Since that time, everything just works! Not a single problem. If you were to ask my family, I single handedly fixed the internet ; ). Thank you Google!
Worked worse than my other router Worked worse than my other router, I was really shocked! I really was hoping for something amazing from the reviews, and coz you know, Google. I'm willing to offer than maybe my modem hardware was outdated, not sure if the one has anything to do with the other, I was really bummed this didn't work out.
Great, inexpensive router Love this router! The Google WiFi app makes installation extremely easy and almost fun. The app also has some great features such as testing wifi speed, making a device have priority connection, viewing who is connected to your WiFi and how much data they are using, and more. I currently only have one router but plan to buy another, so I will update on how they work together.
N/A Easy installation
Easy to install. Provides great wireless coverage. Love this WiFi system. Easy to install. Provides great wireless coverage. Competitively priced.
Very easy to setup and use Huge upgrade over my apple airport. Love that each additional router has 2 LAN ports to use. I get excellent signal and speed in my entire house.
Blazing Fast Speed with Good Design I love this router. Was skeptical at first due to the high price tag but it was worth it. Never realized before how much my router was slowing down my internet. Now it's so much faster thanks to Google Wifi. Even my streaming video on my HD Smart TV looks clearer now. One unit works great throughout my one bedroom apartment. The product design is lovely too, and I actually like the way it looks on my desk—no ugly antennae ruining my decor. Alexa had a bit of a hard time connecting at first, but I got it working. All in all, this is a great product I highly recommend.
Worthy! Change my internet experience at home!!
High speed I like it, it works fine, network download/upload speed is always 80/80 mbps, which allows to watch two-three 1080p movies in the same time
Great device Easy to install and works great.
Speak Design, Lag Free access, no USB Great Router, sleak design and perfect user experience. Finally all my devices getting lag free experience including Amazon Fire and tabs, mobiles, laptops all of them. Range is good if not great covers all the rooms with concrete walls in house 1500 sft.Not having USB port for attaching External drives make it slightly less then a perfect router. Only reason I ever consider alternate in future.
Easier to configure than expected I am definitely liking the Google WiFi. Even with all of the hype, it still exceeded my expectations. The installation is as close to plug and play as could be imagined for a WiFi router. I will skip repeating the setup steps and hype and focus on my experience setting it up. This was not my first rodeo with WiFi routers, but it is my first exposure to the Google WiFi.Right out of the box, I wasn't going to install it immediately, so I plugged it into the existing router switch just to poke around. This was a mistake because 2 months later when I actually got around to installing it, I forgot and fired up the Google WiFi App and let it configure with it plugged into the switch and not the cable modem. It configured ok but not correctly. I ended up resetting the router with the phone app and started over.This time I completely unplugged and removed the existing router and plugged the Google router directly into the cable modem as per the instructions. I restarted to mobile app, typed in the details and it was done. Then I reconnected all of my devices and when I did, the mobile app prompted me to share the password! I have a long and complex WiFi password, and it was so cool to share it with the press of a button- instead to the ordeal of manually typing it in. On the iMac, the password was automatically entered and the device connected successfully! Well played, Google.I already a DHCP server and I was frustrated to discover that I could not disable DHCP on the Router's LAN settings. I suppose there may be a work around, but I didn't bother. I was so impressed overall, I elected instead to disable my DHCP server and let the router manage that service instead. This seems to have been a good decision that saved a lot of hassle.Keep in mind that many wifi routers have a built in switch that allows you to plug in 3 or 4 hardwired ethernet cables. The Google wifi does not have a built in switch. Instead it has only one extra ethernet port and you can use that port to connect to a downstream switch for the other ethernet cables. A 5-port unmanaged switch can be had for under $20.Another cool feature is the router's ability to focus the wifi signal in the direction of the connected devices. This is probably why the router does not have any wall mount options as the unit likely needs to sit on a horizontal surface and not a vertical one. With this in mind, I really needed to mount the router on the wall, and I came up with a simple solution using a thin cord, as shown in the accompanying photo. If there is a difference in signal strength, vertical vs horizontal, it isn't detectable in our environment.I can't say that my internet is any faster than before. Subjectively it seems a little better, but my previous router worked great, too. The difference being a much better user experience overall and the ability to add more routers as needed. This router is much better than any other router I have ever used in the past. Some of my previous routers cost well over $200 and this router beats them hands down.
Better than I expected! Solved my previous home wifi issues The Google WiFi system has exceeded my expectations. I've always had problems in the house with my internet. My TV would frequently freeze when streaming movies or videos. My computer would just freeze sometimes, and I had a few weak areas in the house. I'd do speed tests and be lucky to get 16 - 20mbps, when my ISP promised over 100 mb. If I plugged my computer directly into the modem I would regularly get 115 mbps. I also have a large outdoor deck and living area, and a mother-in-law home on the property. We had to have two internect connections to feed the entire property. My hope was that this Mesh system would allow me to place the transmitters in the house, in a shed in the back yard, and then reach the apartment in the back yard. These worked so well that I was actually able to bridge the gap to the apartment home without having a hub outside at all. It reaches fine from a window in the back of our house to a window in the kitchen of the apartment. This saves my mother-in-law nearly $ 80 / month in internet costs. That will make it pay for itself in about 4 months. She only uses a tablet, and occasionally streams a movie. The signal to her apartment is full signal strength, and the speed has only degraded to about 75mbps, so it's great. All through my house I get the full 115mbps speed and everything works great! We do have quite a few devices on our network and no problems yet. This was recommended to me by someone else who made the switch, and I'd recommend it to anyone!
Solved every problem I had with wifi in my home I've got about 20 devices connecting to wifi in my home including an XBOX 1, a PS4, and a ton of philips wifi connected lights. My house is a split level built in the 60s, so it had a bunch of weird walls and the modem could only be connected in the basement. There was a lot of moving things around to get a better signal with my old single router, and plugging things directly into the router itself, because the wifi was so slow.With this solution I now have a crazy good signal throughout the house, and I no longer experience any slowdowns or interruptions in service. I haven't had to do much after connecting this system, it just works. Highly recommended!I have 200MB down/10MB up and it's great with that speed.
such a headache I've set up google wifi before and it's almost fun. The coverage has been good and I like the phone app access. However, I recently purchased from Amazon for a remodel home. The whole project was delayed for about 2 months. So by the time I was ready to set up the wifi the return period had expired. I didn't worry about it knowing I had set it up before and didn't have problems. Not so this time. It seemed to go smoothly and working appropriately displaying the white light. However, after 15-20 minutes the internet would crash. And not in a way that I had ever experienced. Every website like google, amazon, netflix, would go to an error page. And the strangest thing was as I would restart the router by disconnecting, resetting up the wifi point, and reconnecting the network, there might be a couple different error messages after that 15-20min of working appropriately. I struggled by myself for awhile then found their customer service number. I called and talked with a technician for 2 hours. After several trial and error methods, it worked. I hung up, but then 20 minutes later...it stopped again. So I called back, another technician walked me through a few more methods for 2 more hours. And he was easy to understand and helped walk me through each step. Because it had a history of stopping after 20min I told him this and he sent me an email so I could email him if it stopped again, which was very nice. So I hung up after doing things like diagnostic reports and setting different ip reservations. 25 minutes later, it stopped again. So I emailed him. They called a day later. I talked with a third technician for 2.5 hours and again no fix we could find. They said they were 'elevating the matter'. That meant he couldn't help me but passed on my information and reports to someone else that could read some of the reports he had me create. A week later I got another call, this triggered another hour long call that walked me through almost all of the stuff I had done many times by now. Again he said he would be 'escalating the matter'. I received an email the next day with a few things to try. Unfortunately all of the things they wanted me to try were impossible because I only have a chromebook and chromebase as my home devices and neither has an LAN port. So they emailed back a workaround. I worked on doing those reports yesterday and sent them back. No response yet. I feel like I'm doing their work for them and I seriously deserve a new router. I feel stuck because I really want to like it. But in order to do anything I had to ask for a rental router from the ISP company so I could actually email them the reports they wanted while the router acted up. I want the mesh network and don't want to spend another 200 for a different brand but I totally will if they keep me on the phone for another couple hours with no results. Amazon's return window should be longer for things like this.
fantastic My house has blazing fast wifi everywhere, even though our main cable modem is located in a far corner of the house. the phone controlling app is great too.
Great as Wi Fi repeaters My family appreciated the simplicity of the Google Wifi app but the devices could use a bit more ethernet ports. They are perfect as wifi extender but with just a little work they could become more.
It’s great - easy setup, good signal Easy setup, excellent customer service (had a technical question), the product itself is beautiful.
Really can't complain about this bad boy. Does a good job. Easy to set up, has cool features, has remote app check-in capability, range is good. Good job Google.
Love it Big upgrade from my Apple extreme base station
Easy to use The system is very easy to set up and get online, the controls are powerful, overall it's excellent
Cannot Use smart switches I couldn't setup any of the smart devices as "Google Wifi" gives only one SSID and smartly switches between 5Ghz and 2.4Ghz based on the device connecting to it. I have a Pixel2 which connects as 5Ghz and the "Smart switch app" needs my phone to be connected to a 2.4Ghz network.I cannot force my "Google Wifi" or "Pixel2" to use 2.4Ghz. Now I have a bunch of automation devices that I cannot use anymore.
It’s legit. This product has solved the problem that was the WiFi black holes in my house. 2400 square feet bi libel with a walk out. Everything near the modem worked beautifully but everything else sucked. Now, the whole place is covered with the same speeds. And by the whole place, I mean front yard, back yard and all the way down to my mailbox.
It works!!!! I did not buy this product from Amazon. I got it at a "big box" electronics store. I felt it was only fair since they spent so much time helping me. Prior to this 3 pack unit I had a Netgear router for my 4 bedroom house. I had a "simple" one, then moved on to an 8 and ended up with a 6S. I always had issues with them disconnecting and having to be reset (no big deal - just go down and unplug it and let it reset.... then it was always downloading.So I decided to go to another method. The big box guys went over all the options with me and I spent tons of time on Amazon reading customer reviews.Finally I said... "what the heck and put a Google WIFI 3 pack in the house". I also put in an 8 outlet switch so that all my printers are on the network.I use an iPhone 7+ and an iPad 12. It's great. I can print for anywhere to my printers from anywhere I can get on the internet. I can check on the status of everything with my iPhone app (I have not had any trouble with that).I've now had this running for 3 months and NOT ONE RESET. I use an Amazon Fire stick and it works beautifully with that also.I'm 73 so I try to keep things simple.... So far I could not be happier!!!!!!
Easy to setup mesh network Great, easy to set-up. Forms a good mesh network round the house and garden. House is double storey, made from wood and stone, 3000 sq feet, with several guest houses each being about 15 meters from the main house. Have set up 4 Google WiFi boxes, with ease, and a good network everywhere, even in our forest about 30 meters away is good signal. Signal even passes our strong room walls that are poured concrete and steel. It does what it says, and it's user friendly.
Awesome product Easy to set up, low maintenance, great performance.
Great product, superior support. Buy it! Added a three pack mesh network. Highest speed with old net gear set up was 40 MPS. Spectrum WiFi peaked at about 50. Google three pack runs at about105+. Awesome. Installation is not as easy as suggested, but support spent an hour or so with as me we went from puck to puck to puck. Is now flawless and screaming fast. Streams video on three devices at a time without a hiccup. Highly recomended. I am only sort of a techie, and this was pretty easy. Ran into some issues later on. Google tech support was incredibly patient and worked with me until resolved. DO NOT keep a router/modem with integral WiFi with the WiFi on. The pucks kept taking its IP address. Once the old WiFi was turned off and the modem set to bridge mode, everything worked great. Stable and fast.
It does what it says! Easy set up and it works great! We use Cox for WiFi, which we kept loosing in multiple areas of the house. We called them in to fix the problem and they responded everything was find. Really..... I got fed up and made this great purchase.
coverage I have 5 of them now, every corner is covered! I wish I can control the flow for each device though.
I added this as a fourth to our network for ... I added this as a fourth to our network for our 3200 square-foot house. Works exactly as expected, no dead spots
Latest update has caused major headache Latest update in June has caused slowness issues
Setup! Ease of hookup and setup was outstanding. I have a 1500 square foot house and have great reception everywhere.
Designed for ease of setup, not high speed. I loved how easy these were to set up and how easy they are moved to trouble areas of my home. One problem i have with these units is the Slow speed for large file transfers on my local network. I do love these routers and look forward to a next generation. Preferably one with tri band and backwards compatible with these since i have 3 of them now.
Easiest and most effective mesh network setup Like most people looking at a wifi mesh network to increase the performance of their home wifi networks, i purchased this unit to improve my Verizon FiOS wifi. I was getting such poor performance and adding Access Points only created more issues and more drops during streaming, etc...I just could not get a working solution for all the wifi devices that are being added daily to my home network.Deploying the Google WIFI Mesh was sooo sooo easy and after placing the three units around my house, i have had the best wifi signal and device performances ever. I did a test to the end devices and am seeing over 250MB+ to devices like my iPhone 8+, xbox, appleTv, etc.... just amazing performance compared to the crappy 10-15MB i was getting before setting up the mesh.Well worth every single penny and backed by Google innovation.
Superb, No Issues Router is providing great speed and coverage. Easy setup with no issues so far.
Loved it Easily installed and I was able to put the password in
Extremely simple setup! I'm not a really big check guy, the plug-and-play features that technology provides these days makes things easy. In all, it took 10 minutes from opening the box to complete setup. Over the next few days I'll see where the weak spots are in coverage, but so far everything looks awesome!
oops I did not get improved range or improved bars with this product at all a waste of money and time
Google Why-Fi I tried a replacement device, rebooting everything, adjusting settings, working with support - nothing changed, nothing improved and no one could tell me why this was happening. Switching from my old Airport Extreme, my signal strength with Google read as strong but yet it actually was not. Signal kept dropping no matter what I did. Id open my ipad to discover it was not connected. I would have to forget the network and sign in again. When it did work, the reach was not great. It was exhausting trying to get this little puck to work. Ultimately, my wifi signal was so much worse and completely unreliable. No thank you. Went back to the old Airport Extreme which still works 1000% times better.
Great WIFI system Google's WIFI system is absolutely fabulous and ridiculously easy to set up and use... I have 4 of the satellite units around my home, and easily get 20-25 Mbps from even the ones furthest away from the main hub unit.
Simple to setup and Easy no fuss Out of the box these are easy to setup and simple to use, u will have to turn blue tooth on for ur phone app to work with the devices, at least i did. but the functionality is great, coverage is nice and speed is amazing. love the product.
A wonderful product. Second one I'm buying so I can't say much about the mesh system, but even on its own the Google WiFi router is incredible at extending the range and stability of any internet connection. If you're on a phone or laptop and seeing dead spots throughout your house, even just one of these systems might solve your problems.
Don't hesitate. Just get this. You won't regret. I looooove this.Makes our internet speed more than 3 times than previous router.And our house is larger than 2.000 square feet, but 1 unit is enough.I wasn't able to put the unit in the middle of the house, but all over the house is covered wonderfully.I wish I had this before.
GREAT SYSTEM FOR THE PRICE! EASY TO SETUP. GREAT SIGNAL STRENGTH! THANKS AGAIN GOOGLE!
Five Stars great product
WiFi Done Right and Made Simple Since the dawn of wifi, I've been one of those people that somehow perpetually lives in places where wireless networks aren't as simple as they should be. I have way more experience than I would like to have had with DD-WRT and the old blue Linksys routers and access points, creating bridged networks, running ethernet cables through ceilings to try to mitigate distance with wires instead of wireless, ethernet through power outlets, and heaps of other workarounds because it just won't work out of the box. All of this to say I'm fairly tech-literate, and have been able to create solutions, but it's never been simple or easy for the layperson.My current condo is a perfect one bedroom, two story, 1,000 sq ft space, with cable for modem downstairs, and despite the small size of the condo, just enough shielding between the first and second floor to make for abysmal wifi upstairs. Built in the 70s, it lacks any original in-wall cabling, and after spending hours trying to get WAPs work, last year I gave up and just ran an ethernet cable up the stairwell with tape, planning to run it in a wall during an eventual remodel.Then mesh wifi happened, and after watching the very positive reports for a few months, I jumped on two of the Google routers. One sits next to the cable modem at my desk near the bottom of the stairs, the other sits on a handrail at the top of the stairs. For the first time in my life, I experienced out of the box plug-and-play success with wireless internet.The app is simple and easy to understand, and I appreciate the ability to view what's happening with my network from anywhere in the world. Enable and disable devices, create priorities, check network health, it's all at the touch of a finger.One of the reasons I went with Google's system is that each router has the ability to be the primary connected to the modem, but also includes a LAN plug for wired devices. My original Xbox One has a pretty awful wireless card, and won't pull more than 30 Mbps even with direct line of sight to a router. With Google's system, the Xbox is plugged into the second mesh router, enabling wired performance over a wireless connection.Goodbye complex internet, and hello "It just works!"
Propriority Does not work on infinity i had to return it
I like it. I like it.
Stopped working after 14 months Peace of junk, not a reliable product, stopped working after 14 months of usage and Google customer support is a joke, when I reached to CS for technical support they suggested me to BUY new one form Google store, I would not recommend this product to any one. "(Response form Google CS- We were able to review your Google Wi-Fi information, but I'm afraid it shows that your device is past its warranty period, You may purchase a new Google Wi-Fi from the Google Store and we currently have a $5 discount. You can then be sure that the device is from us, and if you need help with it, you can contact us at any time, and we'll be here to assist you. ) "
Fixed the Problem This replaced a Cisco Linkseys that was 3 years old.This was recommended by my son and I couldn't be happier.
Couldn’t be any easier! KUDOS TO GOOGLE!The system is so easy to set up and control. No more forgotten passwords, with the WiFi app. You can check your WiFi speed in the app too. Over complication is the standard for most techy products, but not this one. Money well spent.
Google Garbage Should have known better than to buy a Google product. I tried a Linksys Velop system a couple of months ago, but returned it because it constantly dropped connections. The Google mesh wifi product was worse. I spent hours trying to get the first access point to connect to my Comcast modem. Endless restarts of the modem and router and an hour on the phone to Google "support" (some guy reading a script in Asia) did nothing. Google blamed Comcast, but there is nothing wrong with my internet. Works perfectly with my Apple router. I still haven't found a mesh router that works better than my Apple Airport Extreme and Express setup. Google router is total crap. Too bad there isn't an option for no stars.
Superb. What a modern home wifi system ought to be Bought this 3-unit system to replace a failing (after only 4 months) CISCO RV320 router and some separate b/g/n access points. Unpacking and installation took only about 15 minutes, including removing old equipment. Setup, including changing LAN SSID and IP ranges from default back to my previous LAN settings, setting up about a dozen IP reservations, and renaming some connections, took perhaps 45 minutes including learning time. The system works perfectly, coverage is outstanding (nowhere in the house is less than -60db), data rates are between 100 and 250+ Mbps for every connected device (my maximum internet download rate is only 80 Mbps, so this is overkill!). The iPhone app that controls it is excellent, and lets me do things like see the current and historical (up to 60 days past) data usage up and down for every connected device, and test the current up and down rates for each connected device. Works just fine with my parallel Sonosnet wireless music network – no interference on either net. Has lots of other features I don’t need, like guest networks, family restrictions, UPnP, IPv6, port forwarding, bridge mode, short-term priority settings and the like.I put one node in my media cabinet, connected it (each mesh unit has two Ethernet ports) to a simple 5-port Ethernet switch, and hardwired my Roku, DVD player and receiver to it to bypass their less than stellar built-in wifi. Movie streaming is now perfect. HD movies require about 5-6 Mbps – and I am delivering 100+ Mbps with this setup. And besides all that the mesh units are small, uncluttered, unobtrusive, and even stylish, which my wife appreciates.
Five Stars They work great!!! Easy set up
ok WiFi mesh option So, I've had the router for a few months now and felt compelled to write an update. Pros: the router works as stated and Wi-Fi coverage is great. Download speeds are good between devices and phone app is organized and is very intuitive (a lot better then most other apps). Cons: the router technology is not as robust as it could be. Things like port forwarding (those that have IP cameras, door bells, etc.) look elsewhere because its just not available. Forget about being able access your devices when you're not at home. On many forums users clearly state port forwarding is non existent, "broken". This alone was a deal breaker for me. The router also has a hard time waking devices up on the network. Frequently the router requires a reboot to get things working again; yet, another deal breaker. I also have my Abode security system attached to it and I can see through the timeline status screen, that the router looses connection. Final deal breaker as the security system needs a reliable internet connection. In my opinion, Google treats its router as "another" device as stated by many users reviewing this product (check Googles support forum to draw your own conclusions). So, its got to go....Currently reviewing other mesh router specs that have "basic" options such as DDNS, Port forwarding, user restriction, etc. Seems like the Eero and the Orbi are much better options that offer better controls and basic router options that are lacking in the Google router. If your looking for plug and play and little more then Google is it, but if your looking to have more control and advanced features then go elsewhere. Save yourself the headache of trolling the google forums looking for non existent answers to unresolved issues.The router is easy to setup and manage. Coverage is no issue as I live in an apartment and I was able to centralize it's location for full coverage. Currently, it's handling about 5 wireless devices (phones and tablets) on the 5 GHz WiFi band and about 12 devices (security system, wifi smart devices, cameras, etc.) on the 2.4 GHz band. I also have a 8 port managed PoE network switch that has about 3 devices connected to it (one port is used for the router). Upload/download speeds between devices and video streaming is great. The phone app is pretty helpful, has a decent interface, and it's also intuitive. No wireless dropped conection issues wired/wireless between devices. Two noticeable drawbacks i've encountered is the lack of administration tools. Basic stuff like DDNS, WiFi channel selection, etc. is non existent. The second is, no web interface. So if you want total control over those items look to another wifi mesh option.
Awesome These work great!
Dont bother buying it I thought this was a router it just booster for wireless. I havent noticed a differen e
Five Stars great product.
LONG NARROW APARTMENT—2 WiFi units Our internet comes in at the far end of a city apartment that’s laid out in a long rectangle. Roughly 60’ from end to end.Put one of these in the bedroom and one of these about halfway down the hall. Minimal signal drop off.SO MUCH BETTER than trying to configure & use a range extender. Had the whole thing up and running inside of 10 minutes and ACTUALLY WORKS.Take note Apple, this is how your stuff used to be.
make sure it is slightly lubricated after a few months of usage Great little gauge, make sure my dealership don’t try to lie to me about my tire condition and prey on my trust on them!This is a must have!!!
Excellent for large home! Although the main component has to be central in the home, this really changed our WiFi experience in our home. Great signal throughout.
An awesome solution for bad internet coverage within your home. This thing helped improve the wifi connection throughout my house. I like being able to check my network from my phone via the Google Wifi app and also being able to set time limitations for certain devices connected to the network is fantastic. Like putting a time restriction on the kid's PS4 so that it cuts off network connection to it at a time and day you designate.The first wifi puck is directly connected to my AT&T router via ethernet cable which is required. The second puck is in my room with my PS4 directly connected to it via ethernet. And the third one is in my computer room with my computer directly connected to it via ethernet cable. Then all of my wireless devices like phones, Ring security camera, Google Homes connect to it via wifi. I have a 50 Mbps internet connection through fiber and everything works lickity split.
Five Stars I use this with my fios and the connection is strong and fast
Great when it works. We purchased this to hit all the dead spots in our 3600 square foot home. It did that and did that well. It was easy to set up. Problem started occurring soon after purchase. Every day we lost internet 2-3 times. We first blamed our internet provider, then started connecting our computer to the ethernet cable every time we went off line. Internet was working fine and it was not the provider's fault (first time for everything!) I hate that it didn't work out, as when it works, it is amazing. Fortunately the return process is seamless through Amazon and we will try a competitor.
Good stuffs They work well and setup was quite easy.
Google Wifi is a top system. Great product, I was having problems with WiFi coverage, in my master bedroom no coverage at all. Google system solved my problem. My system is now faster & stronger.
Excelent Excelent
I had no signal in back of house and now it is super strong! Love it Life changing! I had no signal in back of house and now it is super strong! Love it.
Love this! This was super easy to set up and made our internet go MUCH faster!!
Easy to install powerful solution. These units solved the biggest problem that we have had in our house for a long time. Weaker signal when you walk away from the main hub is now solved with these. Even though our house is not extraordinarily big, it has blind spots where the wifi signal is hard to get. With the Google Wifi system it was solved immediately.Easy to set up and very unobtrusive the folks at Google have thought of almost everything even blinding the light for those that prepare total darkness in the rooms. The blind spots are gone, no more issues.
Amazing I bought this 4 pack through Costco for 300 and the 3 pack through Amazon Prime for 258.The reputation holds, this thing is amazing.-If you get signal, you get full speeds or 99% full speeds-Only 1 network name instead of 2.4Ghz and 5 Ghz even though this channel broadcasts both (good thing)-Simple to setup and no settings to tinker with-Can adjust the ambient light on the physical puck per unit
This works right out of the box with almost no tweaking! With so much dependence on Wi-Fi today, my older outdated router was no longer up to speed, so I purchased this mesh router system to replace it. Installation was simple and easy and it worked almost immediately. The app used to manage the hardware and Wi-Fi works perfectly. If I notice some small hiccup in the bandwidth or other issue, I check the app to isolate the problem and either am able to correct the issue or at the very least, isolate it for further investigation. I love this mesh router system!
Smartest purchase ever Extremely pleased with this product by Google. Switched over to Comcast Xfinity voice + internet and upgraded to the 150 mbps, the modem and WiFi router recommended by Xfinity, the Arris TG862, was just not pushing a strong enough signal throughout my 2,000 sq. ft home so I decided to purchase a 1 pack of the Google WiFi hoping to replace the router. Put the Arris into bridge mode, and set this bad boy up and not am I pleased! Not only does one give my whole house strong coverage throughout every corner but also gives me the full capabilities of the performance pro package of up to 150 mbps download speeds. Although Google says one of these nodes can power 500-1,500 sq foot home. I’ve found no problems in my 2,000 sq foot home!Setup is simple, user interface is clean and beautiful. Benefits of the app include prioritizing devices, setting down time for certain devices, setting up guest networks, and even performing a network speed check even if you’re away from your WiFi! Attached are some photos of the before and after internet speed test. 10/10 would recommend.
Perfect for my house and stable now by connecting to Ethernet cable At beginning I feel hard to understand how it work and how to install. I have to say it is really easy to setup. The only thing I try to figure it out and spent a little bit time is connecting to wire. Here’s how I did. Wall cable connect to cable modem > Cable modem connect Ethernet cable > Ethernet cable connect to First one(Main) Google router plugin WAN(Globle logo) > Ethernet cable out from LAN(Arrow Logo) > Ethernet cable connect to Switch(It can splite to other Ethernet cable to different room) > plug-in the Ethernet cable you want to connect, let’s say kids room > go to kids room plug-in the second Google router LAN. That’s it your google router is connected to wire Ethernet and you have the stable Wifi now. Important, you have to setup all three google router talking to each other by Wifi first. After all three can detected Wifi then you start do the way I connect. Hope this will help.
Works great in very large NYC apt with lots of corners Life changing. Works great in very large NYC apt with lots of corners.
Great product and significantly boosted our signal Great product and significantly boosted our signal. We have a pool out back with a TV and now can cut the cable cord and switch to Hulu. Also, I have T-Mobile and can’t get a cell signal at home and use the Wifi calling feature. Before this, I couldn’t get a signal out back by the pool, but now it is crystal clear. We have the main hub in a closet on the 2nd floor and the other 2 on the 1st floor. Highly recommend
I love that my entire house is now covered in wifi ... Got 2 Google Wifi Pucks and an 8 port switch, to replace my Netgear WNDR3700 that had been going strong since 2009 but started having issues. I love that my entire house is now covered in wifi (no dead zones) I even went across the street to my neighbors front door and still had a good connect with 50 Mbps down. (70 Mbps is my max internet speed)
Great coverage. excellent coverage but use google's helper to see how many you need.
Regular routers is so yesterday, and mesh wifi is the future! I had a powerful tri-band wireless N router that I was using for a while which was good and also used powerline adapters to provide a gap in coverage, however, just like any router after a few years it becomes unreliable. I was skeptical about mesh-based wifi thinking it is just a bunch of repeaters (which never worked for me), so I gave Google Wifi a chance. First off it was so easy to set up, just scan the barcode and follow the prompts on your smartphone. Do note, everything will need to be configured through a smartphone app (no web browser support) but in a way that makes this product more secure. Once I set up (2) of these across my 1500 sq. ft home, it worked perfectly and the far end of my home I got faster bandwidth as if I was right next to the main router. If you are suffering through inconsistent coverage and/or dealing with multiple solutions consider Google mesh Wifi as your one-stop solution.
Great Wifi Router Google wifi is an easy and great way to get internet coverage thru out your home , I have had a few expensive routers in the past from net gear, and this one is by far the best I have used , you will not be disappointed I highly recommend it
Must have device for any home! I always thought I needed to upgrade my internet because it was spotty and not strong on other levels of the house. Decided to purchase this instead from a friend's recommendation. Setup was a breeze, it literally took me one minute after I downloaded the app. Turned off the Wifi on my gateway and now I can browse through Instagram watching the videos in the room furthest away from the modem with ease when before I had to move rooms just to get the pictures to load. I wish I had known about this sooner, but so glad I have it now!
worth the money i am a sad millennial who just had to move back into her parent’s basement which got no wifi signal whatsoever. netflix and cry? impossible. so i took the plunge, saved some money from my minimum wage job and bought this system. two words: no ragrets. it works. impressively well. i stream 1080 youtube videos EASYYYY which is something i was never able to do prior. so yeah, it works. and it was so effin easy to set up too.
Very, very User friendly. I had to other Routers before in my apartment and had problems with them. I had Modem and Router Combos and they dropped WiFi occasionally. This one is the star. It works. The settings are easy to use. I prefer this one to all the Routers I had the years before. It is very User friendly.
I LOVE my new Google WiFi setup. I’ve struggled for years with various routers & wireless setups. THIS ONE is incredibly easy to set up, even your mom could do it. VERY GOOD coverage everywhere in my 2000’ 2-story house - NO weak spots- for the first time ever! Not the least expensive solution available, but if you’re tired of screwing around, do yourself a favor and try this. You won’t be sorry. I definitely recommend.
Wifi calling fix I like the google wifi a lot but after 2 days wifi calling stopped. I had a lot of problems getting it resolved. Chatted with both Google wifi support and AT&T isp support. I was going to send the units back but contacted google wifi support again to let them know it won't work. But the chat person had me change the DNS setting to a custom one. It fixed the problem. Just wanted to make sure this info is out there since all I could find on line was people that couldn't get it fixed and returned the units. I just wish it had been easier to fix.
Boost in wifi Really boosts wi fi coverage in our house.
easy to set up This system was incredibly easy to set up. Just plug in the units and download the app. I live in a two story house and I put one in the living room, one in the den and one upstairs. the speed is very uneven in many areas. I cannot select a band (2G or 5G) as the router automatically selects what it thinks is the appropriate band for each device. I would like to have the option of assigning devices to certain bands. I have over 700mbps coming into the router but even when my laptop is directly connected to the router the speed drops at least 100mbps and when my laptop is wifi and only two feet from router the speed drops another 150mbps. I have three of these but the speed will drop under 100mbps in adjoining rooms. I have an older house with many walls and I know that slows the speed but I did not think that much. I live chatted with a Google rep and she was very nice and professional but kept she answering questions I did not ask and I finally gave up trying to communicate.
Just Ok Where to begin... Firstly the speed isn't great. Apparently they do not support 1gb connection. Not sure why as I thought they were AC1200 which is supposed to support 867 Mbps. It does not. I rarely see it go above 450mb. I tried support. They literally had no idea what I was even talking about... Hello, McFLy!Secondly, the coverage is ok. I have 3 pucks in a sub 2k foot home and I still have slow spots. What?Third, dropouts. So many dropouts... Literally at least once a week I have to restart a puck. PITA. It's too late to return so really I overpaid for just OK mesh wifi. What a waste.
Easy setup The setup was easier than the traditional router setup. I was able to have everything complete within 10 minutes. I now have WiFi thru my entire home.
Larger installs fail completely Google is very cagey about the 6 access point limit. The app says nothing, the marketing materials say nothing, instructions don't really exist. Up until sometime in June 2018, we had meshes with up to 9 access points running just fine. One surreptitious firmware update later and it doesn't just fail here and there, the whole wifi network goes in and out, even with all wired access points, even with as few as five. I'm beginning to think google is like a spoiled child with these consumer products. As soon as things get complicated, they lose interest and move onto something else. The 3-pack works great. If you need more than that (i.e., you live in a home that has steel and/or concrete), avoid like the plague.
It really works! I bought the 3 pack in May because I was working from home and my internet speed was practically nonexistent in my upstairs office. My router is downstairs at the other end of my home. It was very easy to install and my wifi is amazing now. My download speed went from less than 10 to over 50. I would definitely recommend the 3 pack.
Five Star product It works really well and very easy to set as described. I also love the fact that i can restrict how much access my kids has to the internet and i can do that even from the office.
Easy to install, looks great Easy to install, looks great
greatest purchase and functions to boot this is the greatest wifi router i have ever purchased. and definitely the easiest to setup it pretty much does it itself. it's well worth the money. I bought it on Prime day which is a little cheaper. so is it definite win
Great if you're under 150Mbs, Terrible if you're on a truly fast connection I purchased the Google mesh network based on positive reviews and knowing that my home internet is about 480Mbs... The AC1200 Wi-Fi should be capable of providing me with 867Mb/s throughput... in reality, I'm getting between 80 and 160... Meanwhile, the router my ISP provided me with streams 480Mb/s no problem... VERY let down in google's mesh. I called their support and spent half an hour on the phone with a girl who has no idea how to troubleshoot anything. Going to return this for an Orbi AC3000 RBK50, which seems to be the optimal system right now. Will update with side-by-side results from the Orbi.
Love Goggle WiFi Love this system. So easy to install. Only provided instructions are one simple card. Download the app and go! Great coverage with peak signal coming from all three units. Can't be any more positive about this. Sure beats the Linksys I bought just two months ago.
Easy set up. If you are a normal everyday wifi user this is your product. The set up is pretty easy and you don't need to be super tech savvy to do it. It's almost plug and play and the app is easy to follow. You get a very intelligent, and powerful wifi system without having to have a doctorates in Computer networking,
A snap to set up, huge coverage area, and complete control I have never owned a router this easy to set up and manage. Set up took minutes via the phone app, and it has worked perfectly for over a year and a half now. I can monitor who is on my network, what they are doing and disconnect them if I need to. Also three of these provide a HUGE coverage area and I can reach my network for most of my dog's walk.
Solves lots of wifi Issues The Google wi-fi routers are really great. They solved my old routers inability to dynamically assign channels for various devices. The setup process is great with the app. I love being able to get so much information on my network and devices. With this new lower price it makes they wifi system a no brainer. I have two of these in a 1500 ranch house (meaning long floor plan) It does a great job of coverage and switching.There is some room for improvement in providing even more granularity within the app. There is a feedback section and they seem receptive. I really do wish there was a lower power mode. I certainly don't see that within the app. It would be nice to see the energy use dynamical as you can with data use. I assume energy draw is low when most devices are inactive and there is not much data use from devices. Please provide this Google.
Awesome! Faster WiFi Works great. Replaced the router that came with our internet provider and turns out that our WiFi speeds improved dramatically and now Netflix picture is much more sharp. Network with 3 pucks total covers3000+ sq foot house plus another 1500 so foot house that’s 20 feet away from main house plus out into yard/driveway.
More than doubled Wifi speed Very impressed-my internet speed on Wifi went from 35 Mpbs to >80 Mbps, and that extended to the upstairs as well where I had the second router. It was less effective in the opposite corner of the house (which was much more than 30 ft away from the first router), but still gave me >10 Mpbs where I had almost no signal (despite a repeater solution).
b'Great purchase! Had read great things about this router before purchasing. Our internet guy actually mentioned it to us since we live in a smaller town the internet isn\xe2\x80\x99t great around here. Great purchase will definitely need to buy one more for maximum signal since we have two story house. ??'
Misleading speeds I was getting 1mbps on speed tests on my computer, but the Google wifi was telling me that I was getting 700 mbps
AMAZING PLAIN AND SIMPLE! I have a 3 story home in Italy, the walls are very thick, my router was in my living room and gaming in my bedroom was nearly impossible. I got this and instantly felt 100 times better about my wifi, I constantly do speed tests and get excited its usually over 100 mbps. I'm used to getting max of 30 in my bedroom, that's a joke to me know. My wifi would disconnect in my basement, now i have over 100 mbps constantly across multitude of devices. I HIGHLY recommend this to any and everyone. I love my Google Wifi.
Easy to set up and manage Very pleased with my Google WiFi system. Easy to set up and controls through app on the phone
Does not work well. If I'm trying to use my iPhone in front of my iMac in my bedroom the Google Wifi won't connect to my iPhone! I guess it's the way that the Google router prioritizes devices, either that or it doesn't play well with Apple products, which also seems to be the case. I sent it back.
Need at least two to extend signal I was unaware of the way this works. If you’re looking to extend your signal then you will need at least two, one that hardwired into your current modem/router and then another to extend your signal.
Works great and is a cinch to set up! I received this 3 days ago, and after setting up a new modem, I connected this to the modem and the rest was as easy as you can imagine! I plugged it into the modem with an ethernet cable, then plugged my Roku into it with another ethernet cable. The Google Wifi app is what you need to set up the router, and the process is quicky and very simple! I already have a Netgear AC750 Wifi extender set up, so I named the new network the same as what my old network was (with the old router). I also used the same password. As a result, I didn't have to change anything on the Wifi extender or on the other devices. Could not have been easier!
Amazingly simple to install. I recently moved to a two floor home and figured that a mesh network might be better than the single Apple Extreme router I've been using. I hesitated for a while since the Apple Extreme seemed to work just fine across both floors. There were some noticeable speed drops on the second floor, but overall it was working. I decided to go ahead and try Google Wifi based on all the reviews and the fact that apple exited the router game earlier this year. I'm happy I did. Setup was so easy and the results are awesome. I'm getting close to full wifi speeds everywhere in the house now.
Works like a charm. I bought this because the router that came from my ISP was dated and didn't provide enough of a signal for the internet to reach into the next room (my apt. is 600sqft). This works perfectly and the prioritization helps my SmartTVs to stay connected while I'm also on my phone, etc.
Works great We are absolutely happy with this extender. We originally had issues with dead zones and with connectivity. It got to the point that we had to do a master reset every couple of months because certain devices wouldn't connect. We've had this extender for about a month now and I'm extremely happy. Our internet is quicker, we don't have connection issues, and it's much easier to check and control the internet with the app. We're definitely happy we purchased the Google wifi extender, many issues were fixed when we installed it.
Google Wifi love it
Easy set up Easy set up, hasn’t dropped service. App to manage easily
This has changed my life Wow, Google does it again. We are in a 1500 sq foot house and the router is in one corner while our bedroom is in another. I tried extenders but they were frustrating because there are different SSIDs and the iPhone doesn’t know how to switch to the stronger signal.Even in such a small house we were struggling for a solution and had given up, turning the WiFi off in our bedroom. Saw this and gave it a shot. We finally have full speed access in every room with two access points.LOVE THIS!
Works Great! Replaced an old TP Link router that worked well for several years. This was easy to setup and works as advertised with the signal strength and areas of coverage.
Buy it! Bought 2 for my 1700 sqft house. I now have 180+ speeds on WiFi throughout the house. Excellent purchase. Love the mesh network, way better than WiFi extender.
Easy setup, outstanding performance! I’ve always set up and managed my own home networks. I recently upgraded to 200Mbps service and added a range extender...all top of the line Netgear stuff. It was awful, unreliable, and the best I could get from the extender was 17Mbps. The google WiFi was fully installed in under 30 minutes, including 9 wireless device connections. I consistently test at 223Mbps and all meshed nodes deliver seamless, high speed connectivity. The feature that let’s you prioritize a device for a set amount of time is fantastic for 4K movies
Solved all my WiFi issues! Everyone who is frustrated with home WiFi issues should get this. Prior to getting google WiFi, I had Cisco router and range extender in a 3000 sq foot home. My coverage was spotty and random and because I had router and range extender, I had three different WiFi names and they never worked together as one. I purchased the 3-pack and installed two on 2nd floor and one on 1st floor and now I have awesome coverage throughout the house and backyard. The best part is that even though I have three units, they work as a single WiFi network and if I move from upstairs to downstairs, they perform seamless handoff and I don’t lose a beat. It’s very easy to setup and you can monitor the speeds and users via Google app. I highly recommend this for anyone frustrated with their WiFi. The only complaint that I have is that it is bit expensive.
Easy to set up This product is great. Wifi around my house is so much better
Very nice, so far I installed this system in less than 15 mins. I can say anything about the durability, but the Speedtest shows a 2x increase compared to the Time Machine that I was using. The range is amazing as well.
Slows the computer sign-on; slow speed when on It looks very nice. Seems to work. Just slower than the router from DirecTV.
Better than previous router experiences Works well so far a few months in has been better than previous router experiences.
Easy Super quick and easy to install...just like Nest cameras. Scan, wait, click, done. I replaced a router with an extender that was not really doing what I needed, with a 3 pack; and have signal all through a very large house.
will give it 0 stars if I can. forces ... will give it 0 stars if I can. forces u to install an app so it gets all data from your phone. also if the extender needs to be connected to a modem physically using ethernet cable, whats the point of the extender? misleading
Does what it says Nice system. Brought my weak areas to life. Currently have over 20 devices connected. 4K streaming is much better. Ideal for the smart home.
Performance and quality I’ve had and have used all big names in WiFi industry, but I’ll tell you this is the way to go google WiFi, start by the name google one of the most innovative technology, biggest name, they wouldn’t disappoint on the performance and qualityI freaking love my google WiFi
Simplify Your Life Love the controls to manage the system so effortlessly. Leave it to google to simplify life.
Dependable Easy to set up
Internet is significantly faster! I just got this today and the mesh network is amazing. Our bedroom upstairs has always been bad for internet connection and now everything is loading instantly! The app is super easy to use which makes this a great product for anyone because it is extremely simple to set up. Couldn’t be happier with this purchase!
Wifi coverage Wifi is awesome now covers the entire house foot print.
Probably best home WiFi system for most, but not all, households Probably best home WiFi system for most households. Most is the keyword here; agree with other reviewers that if you are running an advance home network with NAS, servers, smart home devices you'd better get professional strength equipment. Worked perfectly for my house though.The biggest advantage of mesh over traditional routers is that you don't have to worry about 2.4GHz and 5GHz networks. One is slower and other one has shorter range and my phone had never switched seamlessly when I walk around the house leaving. I don't wan't to know about this, I don't want to configure this, just make it working and Google did exactly that.I have 100MB/s internet from my provider and all of this speed is available in most of the house, I have a couple of corners where speed drops to 40MB/s (guess this is when it switches to 2.4GHz).My only beef with this system is inability to hide SSID. I have read many responses to this complain - Google says hidden SSID doesn't make your network more secure. I get it and agree with that but this is a privacy issue for me, not security:1. I don't want to advertise my network to the neighbors2. I don't care to know what their network names are eitherI hope some Google AI bot is scraping data from this reviews - Google product management hope you can recognize a use case for hidden SSID feature.
Setup hassle perfect result I bought three of these to cover the entire home. First I just connected one to my existing router over LAN. The setup recognized it. Taking the QR code took some time especially since I bought hangersas well, so I could not access it once plugged in. However when I filled in the new Wifi parameters it could not communicate to the Google server. When prompted I asked to retry which made it hang. After a similar retry I just connected another one directly to the modem. The setup worked perfectly. Then I tried to attach the other two from the other rooms. Similar situation happened, the router hung. Eventually realized I have to setup in the room of the active router to be close and move the new ones to the final room later. As you can see the experience was not seamless as I would expected from a Google product but the end result is perfect. I have a secure and reliable WiFi service at home. I could even reuse the old password for the guest network, so that I do not need to reprogram everything. The overall setup took about an hour, I expected 10 minutes.
Best Wifi Router Best wifi router, even made better as it's backed up by an app. I dunno how this small router without an external antenna has a farther reach and stronger signal than the alien ware looking Asus routers with 5 large antennas sticking out
Works well Works well. No more complaints from my kids about the darn wi-fi not working. Also being able to use the app to check on its status is very useful
Amazing results Yesssssssss! Getting awesome WiFi everywhere in my house between 175-110 down and 10-14 up. At the end of my deck outside I’m getting 45 down and 7 up. I went across the street from my house and got 29 down and 7 up. Wish I hadn’t waited so long. I installed the 3 pack in a 1700’ 1960’s ranch house.
Works way above expectations! It works where others have failed. Great flexibility. Love automatic updates, net controls, information and flexibility.
Vastly Improved Internet Speed! We replaced our older Belkin wifi router with Google WiFi system and the internet speed to all of our computers and tablets in the entire house (2,800 s.f.) has vastly improved! Our entire family is no longer frustrated with slow internet speed. I should have bought Google WiFi a long time ago... Oh well, better late than never!
google wifi point easy to set up with just the wifi point. If you have additional ethernet port requirements this unit has none. Tried to set up with another router as bridge, but did not work well. spoke with technical support which was easy to contact and provided easy to follow guidance but setting up with a bridge router did not provide very good connection and was not usable with our printer. gave three stars because by itself it probably would have been fine.
This is Awesome!! Just buy it!!! Was struggling with Spectrum cable WiFi. Plugged these in and my signal is awesome everywhere in my house now. My home office is in the basement and I struggled to stay connected on conference calls. No issues any more. The app helps make sure you have the units in optimal places to get a good signal. So Happy!!! The WiFi is better downstairs than it used to be sitting 5 feet from the Spectrum router!
Fine when it's working, but....... I'm giving this product two stars rather than one because when it is working it seems to work well. I bought this 1-Pack to add to my original set-up of three wi-fi points. When I followed Google's procedure to add this one, another stopped working. It took me three hours on the telephone with Google support to resolve the issue by completely deleting the old network, renaming it and starting over. All was good for a couple of weeks until I took a trip with three devices (iPhone, iPad and Apple laptop). When I returned all of them connected to the Google Wi-Fi network, but none would connect to the internet - while a device I left home was connecting just fine. Another hour on the phone with Google support to resolve this issue by forgetting the network on all devices and signing back in. In their defense, I will say that it is easy to contact Google support by phone and they are very patient while trying to resolve issues, but the product seems to have significant problems. If I could return it and start over with another product I probably would. Again, when it's working it seems to do what it is supposed to do and Google support has been easy to access and patient.
Extraordinary product Exceptionally great product. It improved our home WiFi doubling the average velocity we used to have. This is true even for the places that were right by the ISP provided router. Hope it wasn't that expensive, but for me it's worth it.
Best WiFi coverage solution I’ve ever found! This is by far the best purchase you can make to fill your house with USABLE WiFi. Extenders just DON’T WORK. A MESH system is what you want. Moved in to a bigger house and adding a third unit was a piece of cake. So easy to set up. Easy to configure. You even get notifications when the network goes down. Very helpful. You won’t regret this purchase. 1 unit per 1200 sq. feet is a good ballpark.
Finally able to get wifi throughout house!! We love our Google Wifi pucks. We had horrible wifi in our bedroom using the wifi/modem our ISP provided so we tried these out. Now we can easily stream movies with zero buffering. Best upgrade we’ve done in a long while.
MOST STABLE CONNECTION. Incredibly easy setup and very well priced. PERFECT Google has figured it all out. I have had problems with Netgear and D-Link routers for 15 years with dropped signals and weak coverage. While this may not be the fastest router I've used, it is the simplest to set up and BY FAR the MOST RELIABLE. The coverage is naturally wider/further than other more expensive routers.I have a 2500 sq ft house and 1 of these babies covers it all.I just love it and can't think of a better router to own.
Awesome! This system is amazing!!! I work from home and my office is in the basement. I was having internet connection issues and now my internet is faster and stronger than ever! Thanks google:)
Pleased Arrived on time, was as described and works well.
nice stats with the phone app A very nice-looking router. A very simple setup, nice stats with the phone app.And the most important thing - it just works. No hangs, no manual reboots as I had to do with my previous router. I'm very pleased with it.
Love them! Easy set up and works great!
Mesh is the way This is my 2nd one, I got this to connect as a mesh. it connected real fast and now my wifi is better in the backyard.
If I could give it half a star, I would. It was super easy to setup and neat at first, then the problems started...random drops to the internet, constantly having to reboot them to restore service, etc.When they work, they are great, but they just don’t work consistently enough for me.
User friendly! I am not a tech savvy person at all, and let me tell you, just like product description said, I had Wifi running in my house in 5 minutes!
I had problems getting good coverage through-out my home with my existing system I had problems getting good coverage through-out my home with my existing system. I replaced it with the Google WiFi system and not it works perfectly. I have equal coverage in all rooms and finally can sit on my patio and use WiFi - which I could not do before. It was simple to set up and I now have two separate WiFi systems in the house. I left my existing one as I have several printers set up with the old WiFi address and didn't want to try to re-establish them on the new system. it works great. just have to remember to switch WiFi systems when printing from my laptop. I bought the system recommended for the square footage of my home.
Four Stars They work great. Just as advertised, and come with great software.
Awesome coverage This is the absolute best system for whole house WIFI . It was a breeze to set up and if you have any troubles there tech support is second to none. I am now happily streaming 4K quality through my entire 3 story 2500 sq ft home . Even strong enough to listen to Spotify any place on my 3 acre property. I just love it .
Easy Setup, works as advertised Easy to setup, all of my 10+ devices are running seamlessly. Couldn't be happier that I made the switch to mesh.
Easy and Awesome Google WiFi is the best. Simple set up with intuitive app that's also good for optimizing, troubleshooting, and maintaining. Much much simpler than its predecessors like the old Linksys.
It would be nice if it worked It would be nice if it worked. I have a three pack (this was a replacement). One of the routers (including this replacement) regularly has to be power cycled to prevent connections that don't forward packets.
No more dead zones. No brainer installation. The easiest piece of equipment I have ever set up. I had them all up and running within 10 minutes. The app guides you through the entire process without any tech questions. A few pushes of a button on your phone and you’re done. What used to be dead areas now have fast internet.
As advertised! So easy to use and works perfectly. Now I have WiFi under 2400 sq feet. Can just unplug and move it too!
Nice system if set up right I really like this system but it took me some trial and error to get set up right. It’s designed to give you a full coverage mesh of WiFi. The instructions aren’t clear enough on how to set it up it’s important the the master node with the Ethernet connection to the modem be centrally located in your system as WiFi strength weakens the farther away you are from that wired node. Once I figured that out I have great WiFi around the house and even in my barn 50 ft from the house.
Stellar Router — but connected to mothership # Pros## Pretty, and Pretty PowerfulI got a single unit because my apartment isn’t that big, but I’ve had problems with other types of routers; they seemed to have difficulty getting through the walls in my brick building. I also wanted something that didn’t look like a traditional router—they typically are eye-sores. The Google WiFi router fits the bill for both items.##ModularI also wanted something that could handle a bigger space if I moved. This seems like the perfect solution. In the past Wifi extenders have been complicated to use and rarely worked as advertised. Although I can’t attest to how his system performs, it appears to be simple to set up with the phone app at any time.## SetupSet up was very easy, if you get their phone app for iOS or Android. I was done in 5 minutes.## Guest WiFiI really like that I can stipulate which IoT devices guests can interface with via the network. I’m sure other systems have this, but were too complicated to set up for me to consider.## AppWell made app lets me change settings like passwords, guest accounts, and the LED light brightness. I also like that I may see what’s going on anywhere I am. There is a family setting that lets you cut off internet for members of your family.## Actual tech supportKnowing I can message or talk to someone if something goes wrong is a huge plus. Haven’t needed to call, so I can’t comment on the quality of service.# Con (and subjective thoughts)## Privacy ParanoiaI feel ambivalent about linking the router with my Google account. This seems to require a Google account. So, if you don’t have a Google account, then that might add an extra layer of complexity and time. Also, despite the app assuring me everything collected is done so anonymously, I struggle to believe an ad business like Google, which lives off of what it collects on its users, can be completely trusted on this front. Paranoia—probably. I don’t intend to do anything illegal or embarrassing on my network, so fine I guess. But, total privacy and security is an illusion, especially if you buy something like this from the king of data collection. So just realize what could go wrong, even if Google vows to keep everything safe. I’m sure someone who actually read the terms in full could school me on this topic. In that case a brief summary would be appreciated. In any case, I wish Google could explain to me more plainly what it intends to collect; otherwise, I’m sure a lot of us will assume less than benign activity.
Work great. Good coverage all over the house. Just moved to new house. My wifi was very slowly upstairs. Now I'm enjoying high speed all over the house
Well worth the cost! Absolutely love this google mesh! I can setup for kids, block bad stuff and stop internet for his devices and a scheduled time. No more staying up watching stupid videos.
Perfect ! This is the best WiFi network I ever had in my house.... full speed everywhere and it just took 5 minutes to install. Highly recommend !
It's working great so far It's working great so far! Easy to set up, easy to use. And, my wireless internet speed increased significantly over the performance of the netgear unit that just died (second netgear wifi router to suddenly lose wifi functionality in just over a year).
So easy to install So easy to install. Compatible with my zmodo cameras. These are awesome. I have no idea why anyone would give these less than 5 stars. They are fantastic.
Love, this WiFi system!!! Easy installation and use Love, love, love this system. I couldn't believe how easy it was to install all 3 and control everything from my cell phone, even adjust the wifi point's light brightness! I hooked up the first one to my wifi router in the living room, plugged in the second one to an electrical outlet at the opposite end of the 1200 sq foot house, where my cell phone calls usually drop, and plugged the third one in our RV parked about 125 feet up a hill behind the house. Now we can use wifi for cell phones, tablets, laptops and a smart TV in the RV thanks to the google wifi system with an average download speed of of 91 Mbps and an average upload speed of 45 Mbps. We also use the wifi signal to stream music on our floating lake dock down the hill about 100 feet from the living room point.
Five Stars So easy to set up and the performace is amazing . Cant recommend it enough .
Rad Massive speed increase from a one year old netgear ac1700Incredible easy to setup the mesh and great coverage in our ranch shaped home
worked great for 7 weeks Worked well for about 7 weeks, then we lost signal to our isp and got the amber light. I contacted google to find a fix. Spent an hour on the phone with product support and they couldn't resolve the issue. My issue was elevated to the next level, however my issues weren't able to be resolved. It's four days too late for me to return the items. I guess I'm out $300. I purchased a netgear nighthawk and everything is up and running great.
Great coverage, easy to set up and works perfectly this product is amazing. I have a 2 story home and i placed the hubs in different parts of the house and now I have strong full coverage across my whole home. Steaming is a breeze and wifi access now extends to my back patio as well
Connection reliability is VASTLY improved with this thing I've suffered with slow and unreliable connectivity for a long time, with multiple disconnects on pretty much a daily basis. My VOIP phone (Ooma) had become practically useless, as had my Roku and Fire TV boxes. I blamed my ISP (always the easiest thing to do) but decided to swap out my highly-reviewed router with this Google thing to see how many of my problems (if any) were caused my old router.They were ALL caused my old router. Or if not caused, they were cured by this Google device. I've had no connectivity issues at all - none! - since the absolutely painless installation of this thing. I did have to add a TP-Link network switch (ASIN=B00A128S24) so I could plug in a few items, and I was worried that the magic would die as soon as I threw that into the mix. Nope. No issues at all. The switch is literally plug and play. I ran a cable from the Google WiFi output to port 1 of the switch, then connected my other items to other ports on the switch and that is all.This single Google Wifi is effortlessly supporting a desktop PC (hardwired thru the switch), several devices connected thru powerline adapters (Roku, FireTV, laptops) and several wireless devices (tablets, phone, printer, smart doorbell, Amazon Echo). It's inside a closed cabinet at one end of my one-story, 1300sf house. Wireless devices at the extreme opposite end of the house have perfect connectivity. I routinely connect to my workplace's computing environment thru a VPN and that has been chronically unreliable, but no more. Video streaming was similarly frustrating before, but it's a joy now.I've begun to think of Google as leaning more and more toward the Dark Side and kinda wish I didn't like this product so much, but wow...what a fine piece of work this is!
Easy setup and fast Only had it a few days but works great! Easy setup and speeds at least three to four times faster than cable company router.
5 stars Same as the ad description!
Very easy to configure has saved my life!! Very easy to configure, looks good and does the work!
Why did it take so long Google for you guys to come out with this! WOW! Really WOW! The performance of these things blew me away. We had a Motorola modem+router setup (Arris Surfboard), and were having horrible wifi dropping issues. Installed these and not only do we now have great wifi throughout the house (3 level house with full basement), the dropping issues have completely gone away as well! Was having terrible FireTV stick wifi drop issues that have disappeared as well. Getting 175 mbps download! Never had seen that number before on a speediest in my house prior to this!!!I'm really happy I bought these as opposed to Netgear Orbi, based on the prior reviews. Trying to return the favor forward.Buy these, and you won't be disappointed.
Easy setup, great performance Google WiFi is an attractive product and it has worked great for me. It was easy to set up with the app, I have two units connected to Ethernet and the third one wirelessly. Since setting up I’ve had no connection issues, no streaming issues, great all around. I haven’t gotten around to all the extra features, but I do like the ability to see and name all devices accessing the network.
Mesh but lack of firewall Mesh is good but lack of MAC address filtering , firewall function , and hide SSID
Good buy! Wow! Great buy. My two story home was having problems with WiFi throughout the home. I can truly say that our problems have been solved. Google wifi is top of the line. 1 device is enough for my home. We use to buffer a lot, but no more. Set up was very easy and I like being able to monitor from my phone. I can set priority devices to get the most transmission therefore my TVs get more transmission. I have been cable free for 3 years now and buffering was an issue. Not anymore. This is a good buy for those who stream.
Fast & Easy Setup This was the best computer accessory, I have ever bought. My old router would not handle the speeds that I was paying for thru my internet provider, on the advise of my son I purchased this, I am glad I did, my speeeds went from 20mbps to 128mbps download. Easy setup too,
It works. It just works! The best router I have ever owned. I’m so thankful to have purchased it.I am amble to monitor the usage of each device on the network.The signal is fantastic in my 1100 square foot apartment.My 4K TV, 4K Chromecast and 4K Roku all work very well with. No buffering, even when there are multiple other devices (computers and phones) connected at the same time, streaming or downloading sizable webpages.
Outstanding device, but replace the included cheap ethernet cable It is every bit as easy to use as they say! Just can't figure out why Google decided to include a cheap flat unshielded ethernet cable to use with the primary unit. It drops internet download speed by nearly 50%! Really a head scratcher!Anyway, when you use a quality ethernet cable, you get nearly 100% of your paid speed over the wireless mesh, super smooth connectivity and amazingly simple control over all connected devices. Outstanding features for the home/small office user!
Don’t buy this product....Don’t buy this product....Don’t buy this product.... I bought this for my 3400 sqft house. The main one went in my first floor data closet, the other two went upstairs. 3 nodes were not enough for my house so i purchased another one. Now i have 2 on the first floor and 2 on the second. Even with 4 nodes, i dont see superior coverage over my previous Netgear Nighthawk AC1900. Its better.....but not far better. The app is awesome especially if you like to see how your data is being used and the ease of shutting off your kids data. Is it worth the over $420 price tag i paid??? Probably not.———————————————————————————————————————After 3 months this wifi system is abysmal. Our devices keep dropping connection. We have to either restart our devices or turn wifi off and on. If i could return this and get my money back I would. I’ve gone back to my netgear nighthawk.
Huge improvement Simple setup and supports my gigabit internet speed.
Don’t buy. Stoped working after 3 mo.
Something to think about. Make sure all the items in your home can connect to the bandwidth of this item, as you are not able to choose the bandwidth yourself, this wifi system does it automatically and it doesn't always connect to the bandwidth that's compatible with the product you are trying to connect to WIFI.
You can NOT force connection to 2.4 or 5.0 bandwidth. You can NOT force connection to 2.4 or 5.0 bandwidth. Many smart home devices require 2.4 and because of this you are unable to setup many smart devices. Google designed it this way for "simplicity". I purchased this to replace my current wifi system, instead it just added to it as now I have to keep my old router connected just for my smart home devices to work. Get it together Google and at least add the option under an Advanced settings.
Five Stars works as intended great range easy to set up
My provided Optimum Online Router is better... I've had this almost a week and I literally get at least 10 disconnects a day and when I say a day I get home about 4pm and sleep about 8pm... the provided Optimum Router disconnected maybe 5x a WEEK which is why I wanted to try a new router, but for a supposed new better wifi tech just way too many disconnects and speeds arent even stable.
I installed the 3-router set in 10 minutes and I remain stunned - wife coverage and speed uploads and downloads are amazing. The thousands of 5-star reviews are correct Although we shop at Amazon regurlary we bought this product at Target. We have a rather large house with one ATT U-verse router - and miserable coverage. I installed the 3-router set in 10 minutes and I remain stunned - wife coverage and speed uploads and downloads are amazing. The thousands of 5-star reviews are correct. Easy Peasy to install using the smart phone app (I used an iPhone) as well as test the system afterwards. Google - you guys did a great job.
Google had done it again * Awesome Get this without any hesitation, its a bit expensive but so are other good quality stuff. Internet setup with xfinity/comcast netgear cable modem was done myself within 15-20 mins. Self explanatory and great guidance from Google Wifi app on android. Great network coverage with just 1 google wifi point for 1586 sq.ft. multistorey home. This is a next generation product!
Fast and easy setup Wow - ridiculously easy setup! Just unboxed and followed the instructions, which were incredibly simple. Connected the first one to power and the modem, downloaded the app, and the app walked me through the rest. It took a grand total of about 5 minutes to setup 3 Wifi points, and they’re all connected, up and running. The app tests the network, internet connection speed, tells me if a point is offline... and has other nice features, as well. I can even set up a guest network if needed through the app. Seriously. Very easy. No technical knowledge needed. Just buy this. Now.
Five Stars This has worked perfectly to eliminate my Wifi issues in my house.
Regrettably returning for a refund. Ugh, I'm returning this setup for a refund. Everything worked fine for about 18 hours, then our iPad would no longer connect to the main network, but would to the guest network. Then a mac would only connect to the guest networks. Then two of the wifi satellite units went offline and I couldn't get them back. It's unfortunate because this system worked great for awhile. But, online help was not helpful, so the whole setup is being returned.
Uncomplicated and efficient Easy set up, no more dead zones in my old house. I can even go to the end of my yard and still have full wifi
Game Changer Just got this set up and had to come write a review! I've been struggling with the wifi in my new apartment for weeks since the router is upstairs, and unsuccessfully attempted to use a traditional extender. Google's wifi is fast and I am ecstatic! Will edit this later if I run into issues, but so far so good
Five Stars super clean and modern looking, best router i've owned.
Went from 8mbps with old router to 200MBPS Went from 8mbps with old router to 200MBPS
Completely solved my poor wifi signals in house, in an attractive design and super-easy app setup. After much frustration with my Verizon FiOS wifi router coverage, including trying one of their $6/mo extenders and still have dead zones in my house, I decided to try Google wifi after reading many positive reviews. Well, the reviews were right! What a great product...I meshed all three routers and now have a very strong signal throughout my house. Pros: attractive design, super easy setup, excellent signal, excellent smartphone interface to control, name, test, and monitor your home wifi network. Cons: None yet. I'm very very pleased with this product and it has solved my wifi signal issues. One item of note: I have FiOS for both internet and TV, so you have to connect one of the Google wifi units to the Verizon router with an ethernet cable which Google included in the box, then disable wifi on your Verizon router which is easy with the Verizon FiOS app; so, your FiOS signal still comes first to your Verizon router and is then passed on via a cable to the Google router. Quite easy.
So simple to set up, and actually works This was the perfect solution for my old house with plaster walls, and idiot AT&T installers who places the modem in the furthest corner of the house. For barely more than the service fee to reinstall the modem, I was able to purchase this and install myself in about a half hour. The app makes it so easy to add additional users, change your password into something not an incomprehensible string of characters, set up a guest network, track your speeds, and even prioritize devices. I bought the set of 3 to cover at 1500 sq ft home, with 1920's plaster walls. The worst part of this is needing a good place to set each device that is still close enough to an outlet, but there are cradles available to hang each device at the outlet if that might work better for you.
Our 2500sq ft is now an awesome wifi home I have a large home built in the 1900's then added on to in the 1970's. This house has real panels and thick walls. Two storys with a metal roof. Wifi is a challenge, I set up and tested the 3 pod unit and have max speed in all but one remote office. Our 2500sq ft is now an awesome wifi home. Easy setup, and cheaper than the high dollar routers I have used in the past. The best,easiest and fastest I have ever seen.Love it
Great network and speeds! Works great! Good signal all over and seamlessly moves from one hub to another. Decided to run a hard line to one a little further away but that is just to make the speeds a bit better for my heavy use items.
Feature rich, sleek and affordable Best router i've ever invested in! Almost immediately noticed a difference with 1, so I had to buy 3 more. Perfect for gaming, video calls, streaming, and downloading all at once :)
Reliability The systemost works great! Provides WiFi FULL SIGNAL through my entire house which is 2,400 sq ft. I even get strong signal outside while doing yard work.
Great smart purchase! This has been a reliable WiFi system and super easy set up!Don’t regret the money sir thank at all!
Didn't work for me. In a way it pains me to write this review. I live in a Google universe. I have Google homes, pixel2, projectFi. For work I manage G Suite. Been in IT for the past 20 years and ran many wireless networks. But this product was no match for my brand loyalty or experience.My issue is not common and not widely reported: 2.4Ghz radio broadcast would cut out randomly dropping connection to all my home automation clients (smart switches, smart plugs, security cameras, etc). Tried to work with Google support for 2 weeks now, sent over diagnostic files, even went as far as exchange the device, but no resolution. The only fix I was able to find for my home wifi is to switch to another system.When the product works, it's stellar!! But because there's lack of support and this serious flaw, I cannot recommend this device to anyone.
So easy to set up. Regular security updates. I am sorry that I didn't order this sooner! I have needed a new router as mine was quite old, but I was concerned about how difficult it would be to set up. (I remember the tech from Radio Shack setting up my original WiFi router years ago... a bit of a nightmare!)Setting up this router is easier than making scrambled eggs and toast! Seriously... less than ten minutes from start to finish. The Google WiFi app does all of the work for you.The WiFi is strong throughout my two bedroom area with just one unit.If you are nervous about setting up a WiFi router, this one is worth your time!
Way cheaper than data overages Our new house has wire & plaster walls, and our Fios-supplied WiFi equipment wasn't getting a good signal in all corners of the house. Using the Google WiFi app, it only took about 20 minutes to set up the three points throughout the house and get everything online. Fios equipment got us 110/100 next to it, but quickly diminishing as you moved away. Google gets us 110/100 throughout the house, per their app, and also per an independent speed testing app. Highly recommend--super easy to set up, and also appears to have lots of nice features like device prioritization and parental controls.
Amazing Wifi Point. Easy to set up Amazing Product. I use this to extend my On Hub and it works amazing. One of my bedroom gets only 14 mbps at most and once I installed the Google Wifi Point, it boosted it to 85 mbps. Wow what a difference. Now I have full Wifi throughout my house. Easy to set up via the google wifi app and it guides you step by step. Works well with the google On Hub router. Took 15 minutes to set up.
Great router, easy to install and use My family had Linksys routers as a kid. I decided to try Google WiFi for my apartment and I love it. Was easy to install and it has an app that allows you to control it conveniently. It did have some trouble setting up, and I called the support number and got it handled. Overall it was easy, especially compared to ones I've used in the past.Coverage is great, I haven't had any deadzones on my phone or laptop. If you have a larger space or house, you may want to get the 3-pack version. The 1-pack is good for an apartment. It looks great too, very simple and clean design that gives a nice minimalist aesthetic.
Five Stars Excelente producto para dustribuir la señal en una propiedad extensa.
worksi fine no down side good product worksi fine no down side good product
Eliminates low signal strength areas. Easy to set up and works great. Multiple router locations eliminated dead spots and boosted speed. Using it in a one story house with basement
Google WiFi I am extremely happy with Google WiFi. It is easy to install and it increased my internet speed
It’s just okay What I like:very easy to set up, comes packaged dry presentable. Creates its own secure internet name and password. Can mount anywhereGoogle app to do WiFi tests and test the mesh is very easyWhat I dislike:Coverage is spotty. I have a 2700 two story home with four units and it’s not enough. I probably need two or three more. The radius they advertise is pushing the limitsNeeds to be mounted in an open area, like on top of my cabinet or mounted to a wall as shown in the picture. Major Eye soreThe blue light that runs to tell you it’s working right is very bright. It can’t be dimmed. We had to take it out of our bedroom so we could sleep at night. So no Wifi in our bedroomCoverage sometimes even standing a few feet away from the unit is spotty for live streaming or game play. My phone will often display the weak connection status.
Can't go wrong here My boyfriend and I ordered Google Wifi after he became concerned about our networks getting hacked. Contrary to normal gender roles, I'm the techie in the relationship and set up all our gear, but found the setup was so easy that I would have trusted him with it easily. Google support is also great if you're experiencing issues, btw.
Super simple and easy to set up Super simple and easy to set up. Incredible Wifi speed capability, and great mesh functionality for an extremely reasonable price. Excellent product.
Fantastic product. This is a fantastic product. I tried Wifi extenders and they were useless. Installed this simple to install system and my download speed increased by a factor of 70. Yes I mean 70. The app to install is also fantastic. Simple, fast and accurate. I am so pleased with this that I just bought a second system to extend WiFi to an additional building. I strongly recommend this to everyone.
Immediately improved my home's WiFi!! My internet always struggled to play movies without having to pause and buffer. A friend recommended I get a mesh WiFi system and I decided on this one after reading a bunch of reviews. I have had it for about 4 months and it works great! I have multiple electronics using the system and it continues to run smoothly.
Low signal strength dropped signal even though I am paying for the best they offer I have been dealing with spectrum internet having nothing but trouble for years. Low signal strength dropped signal even though I am paying for the best they offer. Installed Google WiFi in 20 minutes. WORK GREAT. Best investment I could have made
Five Stars It's magic.
so good changed my life
As someone who did network engineering. At the end ... As someone who did network engineering. At the end of the day you just want something that works. This is it
And super easy app Changed the game for me. From a dying signal on one side of my house to blazing wifi. And super easy app. Love this thing.
No QoS control = unreliable WiFi calling All of the positives, which you can read about in many of the reviews here are outweighed by one BIG negative that is a source of constant frustration: QoS device prioritization.We live in an area with extremely poor cellular reception and depend upon WiFi calling to make phone calls at home on our mobile phones. Unfortunately, you can only prioritize a single device for up to four hours, which only guarantees a connection to WiFi calling for that single device for that set period of time. Otherwise, the three adults in our home who need a dependable connection to WiFi calling are sometimes not connected to that service while the kids' phones are (the kids almost never make phone calls, so WiFi calling is not as important). There is no way to prioritize the adults' phones permanently, and we sometimes miss important phone calls because Google WiFi randomly assigns priority to other devices. It is so frustrating that I am actively searching for other systems that allow me more control over device prioritization. Too bad, too, as the system is great in all other areas.Lack of QoS control is a deal breaker.
It’s great 99% of the time! Great most of the time except for when it decides to stop working (which is rare) but I can’t really figure out whatever is wrong with it to get it working again! Haven’t tried tech support yet. Love the app that you use for it though
Easy setup and great broadcast range Wireless broadcast strength is great for a two bedrooms apartment. Easy setup and reliable. It's kind of pricey for a router but I do not have any problem with the product. I would recommend it if you are considering getting a replacement or a new wireless router.
... live in a concrete home and these things work great to provide a strong and reliable signal throughout the ... We live in a concrete home and these things work great to provide a strong and reliable signal throughout the house. As advertised however your speed will be slower than connection directly to your router.
Good System But One Major Flaw Purchased based on recommendation from a friend of mine. Setup was pretty easy overall. Speeds were much better than my providers router and the range was very good. The interface took a bit getting used to at first but worked well. The one major reason I returned it is because I rely on ATT WIFI at my location and this unit has major issues with not always connecting properly to allow ATT WIFI to work.
Good by Google Resolved all wifi coverage issues at home
Not all pods function One of the pods does not function.
Very pleased I was having major WiFi issues, since my router had to be on one side of the house, and my office where I work is on the other. I was having dropped connections, and the speed was very unreliable at the best of times. After a lot of research, I decided to try a mesh system - and I am very happy I did! I now have full bars of signal throughout the entire space, and I don't have any speed issues anywhere. I did end up buying one more single unit, since it is a very large area with a lot of walls, and I wanted to boost the overall network a bit more. It worked better with 3 than what I had previously, but with 4 it is working flawlessly. All my devices connect without any issues, and I have no problems as I walk around the house - I connect to whichever of the router points I am closest to, and I never have any hiccups or drops as I go. I am so, so happy I switched!
So far so good. Works well So far so good. Works well. I've checked internet speed on app (which is really cool by the way) and on other devices (laptop, desktop, phone) and internet speed is consistently fast and works well for streaming in HD.
Great Coverage, but could have better traffic prioritization We bought these to replace our Linksys E1200, as it seemed to have trouble keeping all our smart home devices connected. (Plus that model ended up on the list that was vulnerable to the VPNFilter hack). We have a 1500 sqft ranch with a full basement, the previous router was centrally located in the great room, almost the center of the house. The Amazon Fire Stick on our TV in the basement that the kids use would often flake out on us.The main access point is in place of the old router, and then there is one is the basement room near the TV with the Fire Stick, and the third is in a bedroom at the other end of the house. I probably could have just used two to cover our space, but it was a 3 pack and I had all three up and running in about 20 minutes. I used the same router name and password so all of my smart devices hopped on without any issues. The app is pretty easy to use, and I had no problems following along. The app also has diagnostic tools to check your device connections, your internet speed, and the connections between the mesh points.I have my Xbox One connected to the main hub in the great room via an Ethernet cable to ensure it has a stable and fast connection. Through the app you can set one device as a priority device for 1,2, or 4 hours. Any device on the network regardless of how it is connected. I am not entirely sure how the prioritization works, because I have noticed some hard lag spikes when other devices are downloading or doing a lot of streaming. Technically there is enough bandwidth for the Xbox which doesn't use all that much, but the other devices are using much more. When my internet is running well I can usually get an average of 20Mbps. In general this isn't an issue, but I did not have these issues before moving over to the mesh network. It would be nice if prioritizing a device would throttle other devices or reserve extra bandwidth for the priority device as a buffer.Overall if you just want great coverage across your space, a simple setup and don't want to tinker with a lot of network settings to get it to run right, this is a great product for you. The app is easy to use and you can check on your network from your phone from anywhere (which is how I realized the power got knocked out at my house before I got home one day). Updates and security handled by Google pushing out updates instead of having to know how to flash your router is also a plus.If you're really serious about gaming or you like to tweak every last setting on your equipment to get the best performance possible, you probably want a different setup, a gaming router and network extender may suit you better.Pros- Super simple setup- Great Consistent Coverage- Useful and easy to use app for keeping an eye on your network from anywhere, running diagnostics, and setting device priorityCons- Could benefit from an option to throttle non-priority traffic- Some intermittent lag when your network is using a lot of bandwidth
Four Stars not the greatest but better than what i had. I think there are cheaper alternatives.
Buy it you wont regret it THIS THING IS AMAZING. I alway wanted to buy a router to boost up my internet wifi. This thing do the job. My wifi directly from the modem has always been weak. The max when I do from speedtest without the router barely 25 but with this router the speed I received from wifi with speedtest is FREAKING 160MBS. AND I ONLY HAVE 150 as my contract with comcast. THIS DEVICE IS CRAXY FAST AND GOOD. The speed is the same equivalent of my desktop connect directly to the modem.
Blind Friendly Router! I’m a blind individual who has been resisting the replacement of 8 year old AirPort Extreme. It was extremely accessible, but I was constantly restarting.After reading reviews and DL of vendor apps, I chose the Google Wifi point. The app is fully accessible. The setup was extremely simple. Blind consumers need no assistance.I tested my speeds multiple times the first day. Always tested higher than promised speeds. After 24hrs of being connected, the router is consistently giving me double promised speeds. Pages load blazing fast. No buffering on 4K TV, or multiple Sonos Speakers, tablet, phone, Echo, etc. Not a single dropout.I purchased elsewhere, better price. Just want blind consumers to know a solid router choice.
Cool and easy set up and it solved my signal problem in under 20 minutes This is not only a cool product with Apple like packaging but it works as billed. I live in an old historic house with 12 inch walls and the best my wi-fi provider could give me wouldn’t generate a strong signal in all the rooms on the first floor let alone the 2nd and 3rd floors. I got the 3 pack connected first one to the router, second one in the kitchen two rooms away and the third in a second floor bedroom. BAM!! Full signal strength throughout the house. The set up via the app you download is super easy and cool to watch it do its thing. I had it all set up in less than 20 minutes. It’s a little pricey but feel good about having made the investment given the set up experience and how well it works. Hope this helps.
Five Stars precio y rapidez de entrega producto de alta calidad
Consistent Wifi Wifi everywhere with not dead or slow areas
Simple, functional. I love the simplicity and it works great. I can get WiFi outside in my barn over 50’ away from the house, it is a weak signal but I was still very impressed.
Easy set up Very easy to set up, I had an older router that became weak. This made my internet blazing fast...great product, usual google good looks.
Offline most of the time Not worth your money. I had a Linksys router that was stable and fast but my house had some dead spots so I thought I'd try the Google Mesh System. When it works it is great, but unfortunately that is rare. It spends more time offline than online. But there is seemingly no reason for why it goes offline. Support is non-existent so if it doesn't work perfectly for you, good luck.
Must buy for robot house users! If you’ve decided to turn your house into a robot like I have and you’re a streaming junkie and are tired of shoddy WiFi throughout your medium to large sized home then this is your solution son!Super easy setup. Make sure you disable your WiFi if you’re using a modem/router combo if you have one prior to connecting. The app is a breeze to use and the connection and download speeds have not seen any performance drop off...yet. So shell out the C A $ H for these little pods of awesomeness! Worth every penny! They won’t disappoint!
FAST FAST FAST 1. It's fast. Fastest wifi I got with Apple Airport Extreme ver 4 was 150mps down. I get 300mps downloads with Google WiFi. 2. The set-up is easy and fast and fun on iPhone 6. 3. It looks cool.
Makes your Wifi like Wonder Woman..... Omg I love love them. I have been using the Firestick with playstation vue for over a year. I have TWC. It does not go well with the firestick and Wifi. I have no buffering now. I love it.
Super Simple! This is by far the best router I have used. It is perfect for someone who does not care about nuts and bolts details of the router. Just wants a good reliable fast wifi coverage for entire home.Its super easy to setup and manage and I like the seamless and fast wifi connectivity it provides in every corner of my 1100 Sq Ft apartment.
Buy This Router NOW!!!!! You won't regret it. Wow! This router changed our lives! There are so many reasons why this has to be the best router ever. For use in homes, maybe not businesses. Anyway, the TPLink router I had been using for the past year just didn't seem to work that well. I'd have to reset it at least once a day. Even then downloads speeds were usually less than 20mbps, even though I had a blast account with Comcast, which claimed to supply up to 150mbps. A real joke. I blamed our slow wifi network on Comcast. Well I installed this google wifi router in less than 5 minutes and now I enjoy speeds averaging around 160mbps. Consistently. The interface for setting up and managing your wifi network is via an app on your mobile phone. It is totally different than previous routers I have used in the past. It is SIMPLE!!!!! Anyone could set it up in a flash. So don't hesitate. Buy this router for better wifi, and life. Smile.
Google Wifi is under-whelming Google Wifi feels like its 5 years behind many of its competitors. Lately Google products have become more and more.... well, blah and this product is no different. Google Wifi comes with basic Wifi options and that's it. Google Wifi is only dual-band while many of it's competitors are tri-band. Google Wifi allows you to choose a priority device, but there's a catch... you can only choose one priority device and for a limited time (max of 4 hours). What does that mean for you? It means more important devices like your home security system or smart thermostat could be bumped off the Wifi network because of other competing devices in your home. I don't know about you, but I want my home security system to be the priority device over Netflix. Bottom line... you're not going to get anything special or amazing here. The product is not for users that want more options or want more configurations to their Wifi system. This is a plug and play device that makes it easy for grandma to use but doesn't serve the needs of those who know the slightest bit of tech. Bottom line is that Google Wifi has a lot of areas to improve and for a tech powerhouse, this product doesn't live up to the name.
Not a good router, sadly We had lots of issues with this, the greatest of which was our internet accessibility and download speeds were very poor. If my husband was using the TV, my laptop would run SUPER slow. We went back to our old router and things were back to normal (and we have a two year old LinkSys one). Sad, we really wanted to like this! It's a fantastic size and we love the way it looks.
A mark of a good background consumer product is that you stop thinking about ... A mark of a good background consumer product is that you stop thinking about it. I haven't thought about my router for months. It's great!
love the modular and easy setup I have one acting as the main router, one is a wired AP with ethernet passthrough, and another is a wireless bridge for a closet we can't run a wire to. They just work in whatever configuration you set them up in, love the modular and easy setup. My only feature request would be SOME kind of desktop/web interface, but that's not a big deal to me.
Great product, GOOGLE UNIVERSE FTW So far so good. Fairly simple setup, I would like a little more control features and the ability to setup as hidden network, but its not that big of deal. Overall, well worth the investment so far. Had one small issue that was resolved and customer service was fantastic.
Simple, fast, complete home coverage I have a 3000 square foot house not completely covered by my previous router (which was a pain to set up). I ordered google WiFi with 3 routers. Super quick and painless to install and 60 MBS throughout my house without gaps. Highly recommended
I recommend a 100% this WiFi tool.- It’s a great solution to improve the WiFi signal particularly in apartments (duplex).
Flawless performance... I was an early adopter of this product, bought direct from Google a month after release date of 12/16. Unless there's an unexplained catastrophic failure I don't review electronics until at least a year or more, especially products of this level of importance, i.e. safely connecting you to the internet. Regarding safety...don't take my word for it, just search online and you'll see for yourself.I am so impressed with this product, in every way. Flawless performance with no issues whatsoever, the only internet outages I have are from Comcast, but no surprise there! Coverage is impressive with nearly full strength signal for our entire 1500 sq ft home and very good coverage for our lot which is roughly 6000 sq ft. The app is good, clean and simple. It could probably use a refresh, but it works and the idea is simplicity so it's fine.For the non-tech geeks of the world know that this the most secure/easiest to configure and operate home wifi routers that you can buy. In my opinion and from my experience this is the best choice because Google wants you to be online, at all times which means safety/security is paramount, most companies that sell you wifi routers (you know the ones the Russian's hacked) seem to only care about selling routers, not actually keeping you safe!Update 9/15/2018...Nearly two years in and this router has perfromed flawlessly with no downtime that wasn't planned by me (added a UPS). Lot's of rumors out there regarding WPA3 and if this router will be able to be upgraded, at this point it's not confirmed, however it may be possible so fingers-crossed!
Google wifi is total junk. One of three mesh ... Google wifi is total junk. One of three mesh point is always offline. No any help from Google. Don’t buy.
Great purchase! They were a little confusing to setup, but Google's customer service is really excellent. They boost the wifi across 4,000 square feed in an old house. The wifi as it was had trouble penetrating our old walls. These are ideal.
Not Ready For Prime Time Easy setup, great app for configuration and I was initially very impressed. It lasted less than 24 hours. After closer inspection the security features seemed to be lacking. After one day, the DNS settings were disabled. Multiple attempts to reload the app and reconfigure was not successful. In the end, I do't have the time to deal with it. I am very disappointed with this Google product. I am seeing it back for refund and now back on my Airport Extreme.
Works great! Works great! So easy to hook up. All my Apple products, which anybody knows who owns Apple products have terrible problems hooking/linking up to extenders, work amazingly on these Routers. Hits areas where my wifi would give me problems.
Easy Install/Configuration Super easy to install/configure and my devices have so much better connections around my house now than they did before. I haven't used the app to restrict access to certain devices at certain times but I like having the ability to do so if/when I need to. So far I'm very happy with the results.
Works like a charm, easy to set up with Time Capsule as backup disk We live in a tall, long narrow city house and our old modem and router were in one bedroom, top floor at the end of the house so the overall wifi coverage was pretty poor. Happily, we had installed tons of Cat5e cabling in the house when we renovated it. After some investigation I decided to move to a mesh router system with wired backhaul, and decided to use Google wifi because of its simplicity and because it supports wired connections. I had to purchase and install a new modem (our old one was getting close to "end of life" according to Comcast) and re-do the terminations on our Cat5e cabling to change it from phone line to ethernet compatible, which took a bit of work. Virtually all of the tools, jacks, panels, switch etc were purchased from Amazon, but the Google wifi was purchased from Costco ($300 for four).Setting up the Google wifi was a breeze - very similar to how Apple products just work out of the box. I looked at the youtube videos and did as they said - start with one and follow the instructions exactly; do not try to jump the gun at all. Set it up wirelessly first, then hard wire the units. It came up beautifully, in wireless mode. Then I put the units in their long term locations and plugged in the ethernet to each unit, and then all of them into the switch. Voila! Great speeds, very reliable connection. I haven't plugged the TVs into the system yet but it should work. I should mention that my old router was an Apple Time Capsule. I decided to continue to use it as the backup device (with Time Machine) so I disabled the wifi on the Time Capsule, put it in bridge mode, and hard wired it into one of the google wifi satellite points. It works just fine. Since Apple has stopped making new TIme Capsules, I figure the Google wifi will future-proof our system for a while, though we may need to get a new NAS at some point. Very happy with this purchase, highly recommended.
Our iPads were slow and sometime useless. After installing the G-wifi I was skeptical, but desperate. Our iPads were slow and sometime useless. After installing the G-wifi, our problems are gone. Our download speeds moved from 80 to over 210 mbps. Now I run the whole house (about 14 devises) on wifi without any problems.
Five Stars Very good Wi-Fi signal.
... to the boys gaming devices and tablets is much better, no more lag time Signal to the boys gaming devices and tablets is much better, no more lag time. Best part is I have control to turn off the WiFi to an individual device or all of the devices attached to the Google router without effecting my other child's playtime or devices. Now I only have to threaten to turn off their WiFi to get them to pause the game and come to eat their meals.
Extremely Slow Internet Speed Using this Product This product was simple to setup using the Google Wifi Android app. However, the app was designed to be too simple in my opinion I experienced extremely slow internet speeds because I was unable to control basic features such as the channel which my network was broadcasting on. When I reached out to Google support via phone, the technician was unable to solve my problem, and promised that the issue would be escalated to the next level of support, and I would receive an email with a solution to my issue the next day. However, what happened instead was that an email chain with the same Google support agent from the phone call was started that lasted for two weeks. My issue was never resolved, and I returned this product. I would steer anybody away from this product, and recommend a more traditional router that has been trusted to continually deliver fast internet speeds, as advertised.
Great system, but make sure all the devices you plan to connect are wireless. A little difficulty setting up since I did not realize I needed to wirelessly connect it to my TV streaming device (which was not wireless). It was a simple fix---I upgraded to a DVD player/streamer that was wireless. It has worked fine since then.
Great, but may present problems with 2.4 only devices. This system will give you a wider range of coverage. However, the way it is designed. it sends both 2.4 and 5 bands at the same time on the same network and quite a few 2.4 only devices are unable to connect to this type of system.
Easy to use/setup. Has enough advanced features for technical folks. This is THE best wireless product I've ever purchased. Simply put, it just works, and it works great. So easy to setup and has enough advanced features to support wireless AND wired devices.
Five Stars Works well easy set up
Five Stars Our wifi is bomb now...
One Star Don"t works in Brazil... :(
Best wifi I've had - would like them to add reports System seems to work really well - significantly improved reception in my basement and outdoors by placing one unit on each of three floors. The app's ability to speed test every device is unique and extremely helpful to troubleshoot streaming device issues. A lot faster to use this than run built-in tests on every device. It would be neat, as a family device, if they add some reporting features so one could get a weekly report of usage and internet connection outages.
Wow! I rarely take the time to review but had to in this case! I was having major network issues using the cable supplied modem/router. Ongoing problems with speakers, Smart TVs while streaming Netflix and a a terrible dead spot in the bonus room over the garage where my office printer etc are located. (I didn’t have any issues connecting my HP printer, as some other reviews stated.)Once I got these set up it was like magic!! Months of frustration and constantly wanting to smash electronics just vanished! :). My house is approximately 2800 sq feet and I placed one on the first and second floors and one in the basement.All devices stay online and the previous dead zone no longer exists. I checked my network speed on the Netflix app before and it was 34. With these little nuggets of awesomeness.....it’s now 64. Yesss!
excellent coverage no speed degradation Quality product. Simple install, not very long. Just follow the steps on the app. Works as advertised, excellent coverage no speed degradation. Would definitely buy again!.
Three Stars Nice idea for a mesh network and product but need some improval yet.
The range is not good. Just 2 bedrooms down you can see visible ... The range is not good. Just 2 bedrooms down you can see visible degradation of network speed. I am returning this.
Perfect It works perfectly. Well Done google
One word: Awesome! Super fast shipping! Most importantly extremely easy and quick installation. Trust me I’m the worst with this stuff. My router was broken and this was a major upgrade. Thanks!
weak signal, cost too high for entire house coverage really small, I have to buy 6 to cover 1500 sq ft house in order to get strong signal.Its cost too high for such coverage, any of $100 router will do the job.
Highly recommend ~ no instructions Highly recommend ~ no instructions. Plug in, scan QR code on back of routers, download install app on iPhone and 15mins later you're up and running. Great investment!
Easy set up; works well. I like this 3-pack router. I was able to set it up in about a 30 minutes. The wi-fi signal is very strong throughout my house. I was able to boost the signal through an exterior wall, across 20 ft of lawn, and into a detached garage. It's very impressive. I like that when the cable internet goes out, I get a notification on my phone so that I can address the problem right away.I wish each hub had more than one network port, but it's not that big of a deal.
The worst experience with a wifi/router ever in my life. Stay away I'm sorry but this is absolutely the most atrocious product I have ever used.From day one onwards I had trouble with it. I tried and tried and tried to use it but I am so frustrated if I could chuck this I would. These stupid pucks remind me of the scene from Office Space where the computers were smashed. I want to smash these things.Beware, this product is glitched and bricked from the start.Day 1- I unpack these things and look at how cool they are. Google! Means awesome! I set it up. Set up is easier than anything I have ever encountered. Well, until you try to get them to work. within an hour one of the pucks stopped working. I called and had to get it rebooted. Finally it worked.Day 2. Both 'child' pucks in their parlance started to glow the kiss of orange death. The products stopped working. Full stop. I had to reset the wifi on my device and the units. Ok no problem google, this happens with every router. However, within an hour again i did it. Then another hour. Then another. After that I had to start restarting the wifi on my devices.Day 3. Now the google app for wifi states the devices are not close enough. They were fine yesterday but not today? Internet speed tests are consistently .5- 2 mbs despite the app saying that I have 'blazing' fast connectivity at 150 mbps. What gives?Day 4. I call tech support and am on the phone for TWO HOURS. TWO HOURS. I have NEVER ever been on the phone for 2 hours.the whole experience is an endless loop of resets and more resets and more resets and more excuses about security updates and this or that.Total waste of timeIf you are smart you will read this and steer CLEAR AWAY from this garbage
I couldn’t be happier So far...so great. Set up was fast. Turn the first puck on while running the app. It tells you what to do next. My house is over 5000sqft on three levels. I bought the 3-pack and have one for each level. Every level has great coverage. We’ve got two Xbox’s, AppleTV, Ring doorbells, iPads and iPhones all going great. The app lets you name each connected device and group them. I named one group “kids” and set the group to shut off at 11:59pm and stay off until 8:00am (one kid was up too late and the other got up too early in order to play).
Easy set up Super easy to use.
Easier set up than a stand alone router. I started looking for an upgrade to technology when I was forced to upgrade our level of internet service. I hadn't seen the wifi mesh option and was a little skeptical. There were concerns about set up, managing multiple devices, signal strength, etc. I settled on the Google Wifi based on both cost (similar options were more expensive) and the wide array of options available in the day to day management of the system. Set up was a breeze. By breeze, I refer to 3 wifi nodes in 3 rooms with the process managed by an app on my phone in less than 15 minutes. The result was an increase in download speed by 50mbps with a strong signal throughout the house. We stream everything in the house and the speed and clarity of streaming videos or live tv was shockingly faster with absolutely no hiccups or buffering.
Five Stars love this product home wifi never been this good good strong signal
Not a good piece of equipment Not able to get any further reception than an old router.Not a good piece of equipment.
Disappointing at best. Signal is great, the interface is a bit difficult, but the major issue is limitations galore. Basically get this product is you don't want to know anything or control anything in your network. If you want to do anything or control anything on your network, this is not the product for you.When in mesh mode you MUST use a NAT, you have no choice. If you already have a network setup and are just looking to add Wifi, you will not be able to connect to devices on your wifi. Thanks google!
Two Stars Signal drops at-least twice a day. Switching to my base router (modem) works.
Happy so far. Installed this on 6/24 and as you can see, my updates speeds are almost insane.
Best item! Really worth it! Our old modem would not get good range when I was upstairs. Now with the google home. I can be upstairs and the signal is still strong.! I honestly recommend getting the one pod one if the home isn’t too big. But if you have a big home then switch over to the 3 WiFi system
Five Stars Simple to hook up. Solid
Trouble Getting Everything Connected to New Network Trying to integrate this into our existing network has been problematic. Some devices I can't get connected. Once such product is Nest Protects. Which I find odd since Google acquired Nest Labs in 2014.
Works pretty well, some neat features. My old router was getting a little wonky and needed a reboot about every other day, so I decided to replace it with Google Wifi, and so far that looks like a good decision.I bought a single unit, and I was a little worried initially since my house is right at the upper end of the square footage recommendation (1400 square feet on two stories) but walking around the house, there are no dead spots. Mine is installed on the top floor at the front of the house, and downstairs at the back the house, I still get a good signal.I also like the simplified security of these devices, as Google says that updates get pushed to the device automatically. So no more logging into the router, downloading some mystery firmware, and hoping that the update doesn't brick the thing. While I am moderately tech-savvy, when it comes to my home network, I just want to "set it and forget it" while still having a fast and secure network, so that was a big plus for me. Deduct one (maybe even two) stars if you like tinkering under the hood of your router.Setup was easy. I found Google's setup app to be pretty good, and other than the usual new network equipment hassles (power down the modem+router and then reconnect them one at a time), setup was pretty quick and easy. The app has some interesting features, like an in-app speed test, and the ability to prioritize various devices on the network.
Most reliable network purchase in a LONG time! System Technician who doesn't claim to be an "expert", but has working in and on computers and networking for 20 years. Netgear devices can be great, but after problems with the 2.4GHz band occasionally dropping on my R7500, and then trouble with the R8000S not staying connected for more than 2 days, requiring a reboot of the router to fix the issue once newer firmware had been applied, I had enough. So after a friend recommended the Google Wifi system, I decided to give it a try.Despite my running 40+ wifi devices in my condo, it has given me ZERO problems. I can set "address reservations" for devices like printers, wifi bridges, and NAS, and then port forward as necessary that equipment. I can update my firmware, see speeds for individual devices, and more. There is a LOT of power there for a consumer device with only two bands, and it works REALLY well. The only thing it DOESN'T have is the ability to do Dynamic DNS updates if my ISP changes my public IP. But I downloaded a Windows app, set that up to update to the web for free, and pointed my inexpensive personal domain name to that. Now I can get to my home computer, NAS, or whatever else I need remotely with network names that are easy to remember and make sense.Really thought I tri-band router like the newer Netgear R8000S was what I needed with all my equipment. But when you can't keep the internet stable on that device for more than a couple days, the performance doesn't matter. The Google is slower, but not by much, and the reliability and convenience this device provided, all by just setting it up through a cell phone or tablet app... Gold Star Google! I'm a VERY happy customer!!!
Mixed bag, if you have smart devices in your home READ THIS, it will save you a LOT OF TIME and HEAD ACHES. I actually purchased the first set of 3 from Best Buy and then purchased this fourth one on Amazon, just FYI on my setup, I have 4.Pros: its easy to setup, seems to be reliable and coverage is VASTLY improved over my Apple Airport Extreme. I like the app with the speed tests and other info like connected devices.Cons: If you have more than one unit you are forced to use NAT on the main unit, thus making your entire network a NAT, which in many cases causes it to be a sub-NAT if your router is not bridgeable. Mine is not, AT&T in their infinite wisdom has no way of doing a pure bridge, never a dull moment with AT&T and Comcast, ughh.So in my case, I was forced to do the DMZ dance with my AT&T modem, some of you may know that DMZ is NOT the same as a pure bridge between modem and router and let me explain why.In a pure bridge ALL traffic in and out, originated within or from outside is just passed to the Main Google Wi-Fi unit, then it handles ALL routing in and out. IN a DMZ ALL ports are pointed to an IP (my Google Wi-Fi main unit), however unlike a pure bridge not all data gets thru like it should.Example # 1My Ryobi garage door opener has an app to open and close it. After I completed setting up my new Mesh network, I could not complete the setup of the garage door opener, the setup process ALWAYS got stock during the setup process, I tried maybe 50 times. For days I thought the GDO was broken, I even started an RMA with Ryobi. I decided that it was FAR too coincidental that it stopped working at the same time as I installed the Google Wi-Fi so I installed my old Apple Airport Extreme Wi-Fi and I hooked it directly to my AT& T modem, thus bypassing the NAT on the Google Wi-FI and BAM! the install worked, and it worked over and over, I tried it several times. * Update, it working on the Apple Airport Extreme could be because the Ryobi GDO only runs 2.4 Ghz and the Google Mesh was so close to the GDO it forced the GDO to use 5 Ghz Wi-Fi (dumbly) and Google Wi-Fi has no way to hard set 2.4 Ghz on any specific Wi-Fi device. -- OR it could be as originally thought, the NAT causing the issue, I am just not sure at this point, either way, this is a problem I did not have prior to installing Google Wi-Fi.Example #2I use D-Link Home smart outlets, they offer a scheduling function, example turn lights on at 5 PM and off at 11 PM. This scheduling stopped working when I installed the Google Wi-Fi. If I manually turned a light on or off thru the app it always worked but the schedule for all 5 of these devices stopped working completely. I unplugged them, reset them over and over and nothing fixed it until I also reset them and put them back on my Apple Airport Extreme that was hooked directly to my AT&T modem, BAM the schedule started to work.So the moral of the story is this. If you have smart devices in your house, some of those smart devices, probably the older ones, may not work correctly behind the NAT OR maybe 2.4 Ghz Wi-Fi ONLY.Either problem WILL NOT be apparent that it is due to the Google Wi-FI. Basically what I am saying is use basic logic, if devices worked before installing Google Wi-Fi and now they don't work or partially work its highly likely due to double NAT (Network Address Translation) OR your devices only use the 2.4 Ghz Wi-Fi spectrum and GW is trying to use 5 Ghz on that device.In my opinion, Google needs to let users opt out of the NAT on the Google Wi-FI if we want to allow our modems to continue to be the ONLY NAT. Yes, I know Google, some of the nice app functions like the mesh to mesh speed test won't work right but at least I will be able to open my garage door and turn on my lights.At this point, the advantages outweigh the problems and I am moving forward with Google Wi-Fi HOWEVER if I find more surprises I might send it back for a return. I tried the overpriced UB - UNIFI MESH W-Fi system before this and that was really nice but my T-Mobile Wi-Fi calling didn't stay connected on my iPhones when I was home and at the time that problem seemed like a huge problem to me LOL, now its not that bad to be honest and that is where I will go back to if Google Wi-FI does not work out. Lets see.To Google, I took the time to tell you in detail where your deficiencies are, both here in this review and directly to you, it is my sincere hope you add a way to turn off the NAT for multiple nodes or figure out why DMZ is not functioning the same as a true bridge and make it work so it does.There are / will be a LOT of customers that have smart devices in their homes that don't understand why suddenly some of their stuff stops working and will just give up and send your devices back. I personally think you could have done a better job being compatible with devices, it almost seems like some stubborn decisions were made on your part to force NAT and 5 Ghz on your users Google? Why?Thank YouRob
its easy to set up its easy to set up, monitor and get status of router, all fundamental WIFI router features work good.couple of things can be improved1) there should be an option for black color, all of my other devices are in black like modem, apple tv, cable tc DVR, this one being white does not fit well in TV console2) circular light is bit bright, instead something simple and elegant can be done, use dots of light indicating various status.
Works great. My internet sucks before getting this Works great. My internet sucks before getting this. No i dont have any issues with blind spots or slow internet
You'll need a Google account to setup this system. If you don't have one, You'll need to create one. Simple the best wifi system in the planet. Period. Stable signal, very fast and easy to install.
Easy set up, seems to be exactly what we needed Gave up on my Apple Airport always crapping our. Someone suggested NetGear but the reviews scared me so I defaulted to what amazon suggested and we haven’t been disappointed! I’m a technologically inept exhausted mother of 3 and we live in a large brick home. We’ve always had issues with the Airport reaching Either end of our home, the basement, or more than 5 feet from the front door. I realize it could have simply been too small of a unit for my expectations but I was constantly having to reset it until one day none of our devices could find it. I did everything to reset/reboot/restart. It just quit working overnight. Enter Google. It took me 15 minutes to set the whole thing up. It’s idiot-proof on set up and we have great Wifi coverage. Which is important when you’re paying over $60/mo for internet.
Outstanding product, doubled my effective download speed Love this system, simple smooth set up, automatic updates, channel and band switching, sleek unobtrusive design. Increased my effective download load speed over 50% from previous conventional set-up. Purchased 2 separate units instead of 3 unit set, this was more than adequate to cover my 2000 sq ft single level home.
The reason why this is such a good thing is that it halfs the need for cabling This Wifi-system has two flaws that most people dont take into account.First flaw: These units does not accept power over ethernet (PoE). Virtually all wifi access points nowadays alow for poe power. The reason why this is such a good thing is that it halfs the need for cabling. You dont need a separate power cable for your access point. Secondly, you can monitor the power draw and manage the power draw from your Poe swich (looks like a normal ethernet switch, just a little bit beefier). Third, if you are using a UPS system (battery power) to prevent your network/server from going down in the event of a power failure, your PoE powered access points will keep running because they are centrally powered from your swich, wich is fed from your UPS...Second Flaw: No wall brackets are included. Aparently these are supposed to flap around in the breeze... naa.. cant bother to unpack them. Ill sell them to someone else.
Five Stars great!!! it made a huge difference in wifi reception all over the house.
One dead after 5 months use 5 months and one of the 3 is a brick, and the warranty lasted only one month?? This is a very expensive item to replace like batteries.
OMG Wifi batman!! Have not had a single ... OMG Wifi batman !! Have not had a single issue with wifi speed since we got this.
These things are fantastic. Much better than any long range router These things are fantastic. Much better than any long range router.
Very fast connection Excellent whole home wifi system. Lightening fast speed and excellent home coverage.
I should've gotten these a long time ago I should've gotten this sooner. I was paying to "rent a router" from my cable company for years. Makes me sick thinking how long I did pay them. These also work better! Very very easy to set up! Love that you can control everything by your phone app!
WiFi is amazing now The item works very well. Worth it!
Easy to set up and works great. Super easy to set up, works perfectly. I have an Eero whole house mesh router at home, I needed this one for my vacation condo at the beach, I love my Eero, but I love this Google WiFi whole house mesh router too. It works perfect, we had 7 devices connected at once, two TV's, we were streaming on both TV's at the same time, using an iPad, 3 iPhones, and a Macbook Air. We had no tethering at all. I would buy it again and recommend it.
Incredibly easy to set up Incredibly easy to set up! As a power user, this might be a little "simple" for you though. I give it 4 stars because there are no advanced settings and you HAVE to use the phone app to configure your settings. I will be using these though.
It's everything as advertised. Worth the money. Wow, impressive. Replaced our cable company's combo. We have wifi through out our 1100 sq ft home. Even upstairs. We no longer have to wait for pages to load. Pages load instantly. Finally get to use the internet speed I am paying for.
Give me a mesh product tha works longer than 24 hours. Worked great the first day. Afterwards, keeps dropping connections endlessly. Sending back. Life is too short.
Life Saver.... finally we have no ... Life Saver .... finally we have no more dead spots in our home. A definite recommendation if you experience dead spots
Google support is very good. I spent 1 and 1/2 hours with them ... I added a forth satellite pod to my basement. I now have a 2700 sq. ft. three story home covered with wi-fi. The app is simple to use. Also, Google support is very good. I spent 1 and 1/2 hours with them and the issue turned out to be the new cable modem and had nothing to do with the Google router. DJ in Google support stuck with it and made sure everything worked.
Best Router on the Market! The Google Wifi router is simply amazing! Not only is the design esthetically elegant, the good folks at Google have also made the device intuitively and highly functional. Set up through the Google Wifi app was a breeze and in my case a complete god send since my 2017 MacBook Pro has an essentially nonfunctional ethernet connection despite having purchased a compatible ethernet to usb-c adapter. I repeatedly received the dreaded “self induced IP address and will not connect to the internet” message and wasted hours speaking to various tech reps at Apple and my ISP. It turns out that not being able to establish a connection to the internet with the use of ethernet is apparently a pervasive problem for all newer model macs for which Apple (and its associated forums) has no real solution. This would thus prevent most folks who need a new traditional router from ever being able to install one.Luckily Google Wifi is one of the only devices out there that doesn’t require a hardwire/ethernet connection in order to set up! After following the simple prompts through the Google Wifi app, my set up was complete after just a few minutes. I immediately noticed that my internet was blazing fast which was confirmed when I completed a speed test. I was getting over 70mbps on downloads despite paying for only 60mbps through Comcast which we all know provides notoriously awful service. Google Wifi also easily recognized all of my devices (iphone, iPad, MacBook, Samsung TV, wireless printer) as soon as they were connected to my Wifi network. The connection has remained extremely fast and consistent without any dead spots or dropped connections. The coverage area has also been true to form as I only purchased a one pack router for my roughly 1200sq ft apartment. However with the beauty of the Google Wifi mesh system, those who have larger or multilevel homes will undoubtedly be able to set up full wireless coverage throughout their home with the use of multiple points.I enthusiastically recommend this product for anyone looking to replace a traditional router and has basic wireless needs. The only people who seem to be dissatisfied with Google Wifi are techies who create complicated networks and require a high level of customization which this product does not offer.
Easy set up Extremely easy set up with the app. Very happy with the purchase, worth the money!
I live in an 1100 ft. single story ranch ... I live in an 1100 ft. single story ranch, and one unit did not cover the house despite the description. My last router, a Netgear, was slow, but it covered the whole house.It is easier to manage than other routers we've had.
Five Stars it works in my large suite of offices
Five Stars works better than expected
Buy it. Worth it. I was a frustrated WiFi customer needing to change carriers because I thought everyone’s WiFi was awful. Willing to try anything I bought these devices. Keep in mind I’m paying for WiFi service that should exceed 300mbps...speed tests indicate I was only getting 35-40mbps. After nearly 2 weeks my average speed has been 341mbps. In summary, just buy them.
Five Stars perfect
Five Stars Very nice quality, easy to set up, works great.
Weird setup glitch, but great after that Bought two of these to cover our house. The coverage is fantastic and the speeds are excellent. We did have a problem setting up the second router for mesh networking. If you run into the same issue where it finds the second router but can't add it, connect router 2's internet "in" port to the Ethernet port on router 1 and try to setup mesh again. It will give you an error that it can't mesh them when they're hardwired, and after you unplug the cable, it will connect almost immediately. Once that hurdle was cleared, these things have performed flawlessly. I saw some reviews online about not having port forwarding options on these routers, but they must have done a firmware update since then because mine have it.
Great connection We have spectrum internet and 12 devices hooked to one puck. We have 1040 sq ft and have not had any trouble with connection. I love The look of the product, the app is super user friendly and functionality has proven to be excellent. Great product!!
Amazing improvement in my Wifi. A tremendous improvement in my WiFi speed and coverage! I can't believe the difference this made. The internet speed to my house increased from 90 to 115 Mbps. My wireless devices often get over 100 Mbps all thru my house. My Samsung TV gets more than enough speed for 4k over WiFi with no stuttering or pixelizing. As I move around the house, the mesh network works seamlessly to keep me connected. Absolutely no problems in the 3 weeks since I installed them. I can't recommend this strongly enough.
works fine, easy set up right out of the box works fine, easy set up right out of the box. range seems to be fine for my 1500 sq ft apartment. p/c and tv both download very fast.
Works Great....Made for us non-geeks This thing was so simple to set up and it works great in my 1,300 sq. ft. apartment. There was not one single glitch and all of my devices, including my Sonos speakers, connected immediately.I highly recommend this router.
Fast, easy, awesome. Easy set up. Nice interface. Blazing fast signal throughout the house.
Replaced my Apple Airport Express With Apple discontinuing their line of routers, I wanted to replace mine, so that I could have a router which could be updated to stay on top of security threats. The airport express is six years old. The google wifi router updates itself without any need for me to install the update, With the Apple Airport Express, to install the latest (and infrequent) firmware updates, you had to do it manually, while on the network. That the google router updates on its own is Nice for us as we travel for some extended time periods, for a few months in the winter, but need the WiFi on while we’re gone so I can check to make sure the heat is working via the Nest thermostat.The airport express had a USB port that I used to connect my networkable but non-WiFi printer, so my wife and I could both print from our computers connected to our home wifi network. So with the google wifi router having no USB, I connected it’s LAN port to a switch, where i plug in the Phillips Hue and now my printer too. So we continue to have the printer available on our network, even though we have a single point set-up, just one google router, so just one LAN port, which goes to the switch.One point was plenty for our house of 2,800 sq ft, 1,400 each of two floors. We pay Comcast for 80 Mbps. My speeds with the airport express was about 60 Mbps near the apple router in the lower level to about 40 Mbps upstairs at the furthest point away. This was plenty for me. Installing the google router, you select the location, so I selected “basement.” Perhaps this helped. Anyway, it’s now 85 Mbps near the router and nearly the same upstairs, right above the router, and 65 Mbps upstairs at the farthest point away.I’m not so tech savvy when it comes to router settings and networking, so it was nice that set-up is super easy.
b'Not the best option, unless you want extream simplicity. Easy to setup, but lacks advanced features like setting up QoS. This mesh is 100% reliant on internet and google\xe2\x80\x99s cloud service to control the mesh, so I wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t recomend it if your internet speed is below 10Mb/s. Being that it\xe2\x80\x99s completely reliant on functional internet, if your internet is out of service you have no local network and therefore you don\xe2\x80\x99t have access to your network printer, scanner, NAS, wemo plugs, smart thermostats or anything else that should work locally without internet. Don\xe2\x80\x99t expect much from tech support if you have a problem. I have a number of unresolved issues that they strung me along with \xe2\x80\x9csupport\xe2\x80\x9d until my return window was closed, and voila! Like magic, google tech support disappeared and has maintained silent about my original request for support. From a diagnostic standpoint, they can\xe2\x80\x99t find anything wrong, but I\xe2\x80\x99ve sent google a number of screen shots with the app saying my network is offline, yet everyone in the household with a wired connection is working on a PC connected to the internet, watching Netflix on the Xbox, and/or streaming music from the NAS. Most of the issues that pop up resolve on their own without resetting the network. My old $24 Netgear wnr1000v3 was more reliable. I should have bought an orbi mesh system??'
Super Product This Google WiFi router paired with another one at the modem gives us great strength in the house, in the sunroom and on the patio.
Poor range I had to buy these extra units as 3 weren't enough for my house. Their range is very poor. I run mesh tests and get very inconsistent results. Ironically, even when it says the mesh connection is poor, my internet works fine. As many say, I expected more, and if I had to do over I would go with a different multi-unit wifi system. The iphone app is great, but that's secondary to the primary job of increasing the range of coverage.
Three Stars Not sure that it provides me a good Hot Spot.
Five Stars Best product ever!!
Honestly the concept is good but I would like more options available Honestly the concept is good but I would like more options available, it is very basic, comparing to a R7000 with Tomato. I will keep it, just because I really need the extra coverage I'm getting from it, but I will have to install a switch between my cable modem and this G Wifi to get some of the missing options, not all but some....
Five Stars covers the whole home
Works perfect and doubled my internet speed. I have about 10 different WiFi devices and they all work perfect now. Before my Ring doorbell would freeze frames and continue a few seconds later and sometimes had trouble connecting when I wasn’t at home. Now it’s flawless. Before my tv’s didn’t connect once every 10-15 times and I would have to turn the tv off and back on to try to connect again and now it connects every time. When I want to send a YouTube video from my phone to the tv before I would have to go into airplane mode for a few seconds because my phone wasn’t seeing my tv. Now my tv icon always shows up on my phone. My Apple TV used to get confused going from my phone to the ATV itself back to the phone ect. Now there’s no confusion. I just use my ATV remote or my phone, switch to streaming from my phone to Apple Music to google play from my phone and it all works perfect. My thermostat used to lose connection for a bit and I was unable to control it from my phone. Now it works perfect. My WiFi garage door would sometime not work right on WiFi and I would have to go to cellular to use open or close it or check to see if it’s closed and now it works perfect. Although with my 1 year old router everything did work, but all of the little quirks and small malfunctions were really annoying. Especially with my video doorbell and my tv/Apple TV stuff. I can’t believe how good google WiFi is with handling all of these devices and never even having the slightest hickup. My internet speed went from 25-30mbps to 69-70mbps. The app is really cool too. Easy to set up and set your password and your entire network. You can even tell it what device to prioritize the bandwidth to so your kids video games don’t disturb your Netflix. Not to mention you can cut off any device you want from the WiFi in seconds. I live in a small condo, so I only have 1 google router, but the speed is the same all over my place. No dead zones. Best router I’ve ever had.
Four Stars Facetime and Skype became instantly clear after installing this router. Price was higher than compatible units.
Worth the investment if you need an upgrade! Works great. No problems so far. Only had to set up 2 out of the 3 to get wifi coverage in my 2200 square feet home. Really easy setup and awesome features through the app.Highly recommended.
Awesome! I’ve had these for about 3 months now and they absolutely work as described. No more dead zones at home and no more surprises on my bill.
Four Stars It works like charm.
Great router - If yours is old you should buy there faster now I have my cable modem pushing out 170 mbps on a hard line directly connected to a computer and on my iPhone I can get the same 170 mbps - I think the specs say it’s good up to 400 mbps but my Internet is not that fast so I don’t know whether that works or not. For me and my uses 170s fast enough.The app that controls the Wi-Fi system is OK I wish it had more individual controls for each user however it does a great job better than anything else I’ve seen to tell me who is connected to my network and how much data each user uses even when a additional access point is on my network.The range is great I only needed one in my house
Strong signal Fabulous strong signal throughout 3000 SQ ft multi level house.
Five Stars This is super easy to setup and I have full wifi everywhere in my house and yard
Love this system Love this system. I’m getting great coverage. Easy to install. I only bought 2 of them but a larger or more spread out house might need 3. I have a 2600 square foot, single story home.
Five Stars Fast and as expected.
Works Great! Highly recommendable Works Great! Highly recommendable
It was delivered on time and is very easy to set up It was delivered on time and is very easy to set up. It has taken care of my wifi issues
we love our Google wifi we love our Google wifi. we actually went and bought a forth as well. Easy to set up. We have a quarter acre home lot and we get a minimum of 25 bps through our entire yard with the area withing 25 feet of the house and garage (one wifi placement) getting 50 mbps or better. Inside, we have 1 downstairs and 2 upstairs and they all average between 70 and 95 Mbps on a 100 mbps cable internet service.
Five Stars The best wifi system I've ever had
Five Stars Works really well and I know longer have Wifi issues in my house
great system have 3 of them in a 2500 square ... great system have 3 of them in a 2500 square foot home with no dead spots in the whole house
Warning for Apple wireless devices After 6 months of using Google WiFi it has worked well when it is working. I have a 1Gbps home connection and it usually provides great coverage throughout the house. However, on a daily basis for about 5-10 minutes the connections from all my wireless Apple devices (iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro) stops working. Wired devices work fine however. Pinging the google WiFi router gateway IP shows 2000ms+ latency and many timeouts and any new connections to the internet fails (devices do show it is connected to WiFi network at full strength). This seem to happen when multiple devices are connected and one tries to download many files or a large file. I opened serval support cases with Google regarding the issue and followed nuremous suggestions (factory reset, moving devices changing DNS servers). None of this helped and I had sent many diagnostic reports and they never could fix or acknowledge this as a software or hardware issue. I eventually gave up because they never seemed to believe me this was an issue with their product. They wanted to blame my ISP or other factors unrelated to the issue. Google WiFi support makes it very difficult to get issues escalated to high level support engineers. It took me 6 months a dozen calls and emails to finally get it escalated. At which point they had no solutions. So I decided to try the 2nd generation eero instead and now I never have a single hiccup. Google has been slow at releasing any software updates to try and fix issues like this. They just don’t seem to care much about addressing bugs.If you have many Apple devices and want a stable connection I suggest not using this product and looking elsewhere.
Perfection! The perfect WIFi Mesh! I can manage every aspect of our internet service and it's great for managing kids access and internet time.
IMPROVED WI-FI Great router, really upped the strength of wi-fi in our apartment.
Really Google? no web admin or no way to force 5Ghz? 1) No way to set up through web console2) Can not force 5ghz band. in 2018, this is unacceptable. if you are in an apartment complex, you most probably will encounter interferences. you must be able to select 5ghz otherwise your facetime, zoom, webex, or other web conferencing apps will ultimately experience choppy quality.Nicely designed though. I bought it 2 days ago and I thought I am missing something. I am returning it tomorrow. I'd say don't buy.
Five Stars Easy to setup. Easy to maintain.
Fantastic!! Easy Fantastic!! Easy, simple installation (and trust me, if I can do it, ANYONE can do it)!!! I live in an apartment (2BR/1.5BA 960sft.), and I put this router in the corner of my living room where no one will see it. I've not had one issue with dead zones or poor reception, even in the farthest corner of the place. I also bought The Spot for Google WiFi by Mount Genie. I'd totally recommend purchasing together! I plug it in an electrical outlet and it's nearly completely concealed. No running cords, no tacky router equipment sitting on the console. It's perfect - if I could give it 10 stars, I would!!
Best mesh system I've used Best mesh system I've used. 4 co-workers have this because of my experience with it. Great product and installation could not be easier or faster. Would be cool if they added additional/advanced security features, but for most people in most environments this is perfect.
Great WiFi router. This router fixed my WiFi problem in my house. WiFi now reaches my big metal barn over a 100 feet from my house.
wifi is great. Boiled down to my cell phone having an ... Had some major issue for the first few months, troubleshooting back and forth with Google (great tech support by the way) Constant wifi dropping, After getting upset with my ISP, we found it was not my internet provider, but Google home, mini and chrome cast were the issue. If those devices were unplugged, wifi is great. Boiled down to my cell phone having an old version of google play. But now works great. Still kinda slow compared to my older ASUS router, but I have so much more control with these pucks.
Worth every penny! Amazing product! Worth every penny! We have an L-shaped house and could never get a great WiFi signal in part of our house. This has changed everything. We’ve owned it for 6 months without any issues. My husband set it up quickly without hassle. I’ve recommended this product to friends and family!
Best money I’ve ever spent Best money I’ve ever spent! Awesome range, great for keeping kids devices paused from WiFi. App is super easy to use and setup was a breeze! Highly recommended
Easy set up Works well. Easy set up. Looks great.
Wifi calling works awesome too! I live in a 5000 sq foot home that was built in the 1957. It's built with cinder block instead of the traditional wooden studs. There were so many dead spots with my router and extenders that it was nearly impossible to get wifi coverage. In addition, Verizon doesn't work well in my neighborhood so making/receiving calls in my home was so frustrating. All of that changed with Google wifi!!! I have 300MB speed from my ISP and get nearly 100MB in every corner of my house. Wifi calling works awesome too!
Five Stars It's very beautiful.
Five Stars Good
Excellent router system. Highly recommended These surpassed my expectations. I purchased these to replace the WiFi provided by my cable company. Their WiFi would drop and I would never get the speed that I am paying for. While the company said everything was okay I knew better. I found these and figured I’d give them a try. I now get the speed I’m paying for and haven’t had the internet drop out since installing them. Not to mention installation was such a breeze.
Wifi doesn't care about politics Had nothing but problems with this mesh wifi system. Setup was easy, but the access points (pods) would never pick up devices in the same room. At one point, the only pod that devices were connecting to was the main, wired access point. Access points in other rooms were active, they just didn't allow devices to connect. Spent HOURS on the phone with google, and they requested I run diagnostics, move the access pods around the house, switch the main, wired pod with another etc. Finally, I was expecting google to tell me to balance on a beach ball, while twirling hula hoops around both arms and singing "Wait Till The Sun Shines, Nellie" as I attempted a factory reset. It became much easier to just box the whole mess back up and send it back. Gotta love Amazon's return policy. Purchased the TP-Link C3200, and it solved all my problems. Perhaps if google didn't focus so much on progressive politics and TDS, they might make a better product.
Easy to set up So far so good! I'm not a tech savvy person and this was really easy to set up. Although some people might find the light to be annoying, there's an option to turn this off or dim it through the app - I have the router in my bedroom and the dimmed light is barely noticeable.
Makes wifi easy This was an addition on my existing 6 pucks. I am truly amazed at the how well my signals have improved throughout the house and get full Internet service speed. Having come from managing disparate Linksys routers, google wifi makes wireless less complicated and annoying.Feature requests:- alert to new connected devices- deny/allow devices- history of devices connected/disconnected- alerts to wifi attacks
Five Stars Solid signal throughout the whole house.
Good coverage even with one unit. Installed in the middle of the 2nd floor 1800 sq ft 3-floor residence and it provided good coverage even by the driveway. Install was not difficult to follow. The ability to lower the brightness of the router's lamp was a nice addition for my purpose. No unsightly antenna sticking out.
Upgraded from an air port extreme and I won’t be ... Upgraded from an air port extreme and I won’t be looking back. Coverage isn’t spotty anymore and I get coverage in a 2500 sq ft house. I’ve never had to reboot it and it just works. There aren’t any “advanced” features but I can live without it. You can still forward ports and reserve IPs so it does what I need
Finally! For years, I've struggled to get reliable Wi-Fi to various parts of my 5000 sq. ft. home. I'd used various extenders/repeaters to get the coverage I needed. The signals were still relatively weak, and the hand-off of traffic from one access point to another was always problematic. I now get extremely fast and reliable Wi-Fi access in every part of my home. I love the management and reporting features with the mobile appl. I can't believe I didn't purchase this product sooner.
Huge Improvement Over Old Router and Extender. Good phone/table based app to setup and monitor. Replacing my old Cisco Linksys E2500 and a wifi extender which was due for the bin, I now have much better wifi coverage in my 2 story 2250SF house and out on my patio. The install was pretty straight forward and the system updates itself. Hopefully this will be trouble free for the next few years. Considering how much wifi crap I now have at the house the improvement in bandwidth and coverage is quite pleasing. The only caveat is that I needed to spend an extra $14 to buy a 4 port gigabit switch to plug into the primary unit as it only has one usable ethernet port, the other one being used to connect to my cable modem. Having just one wifi network with 2 additional access points meshed is a step up from having a wifi network from my old router and a separate one for the extender.
which is the best complement you can give for a wifi router WOW! This has been a game changer at my house. Old wifi was a mess. Resetting it almost daily. This system just works. You forget it's there, which is the best complement you can give for a wifi router. Whole house, front yard, back yard.... doesn't matter where you are, you have full strength wifi.
Great Product and Easy to Install. Great product and easy to use. But for the dumbest reason, don't change the IP Subnet otherwise new satellite APs will not be recognized by the app.
I haven't had to fiddle with it once. It ... I haven't had to fiddle with it once. It works well, all of the time. This isn't true of the Asus and and Netgear I owned previously.
Great product! Recommend. This are great! Replaced TPlink product due to coverage issues. It was like night and day. Totally recommend the google Wifi product. Have one unit back hauling working great at a distant part of the house. All kids happy! Through put seems a lot faster than my last product!This was also a super simple set up.
AWESOME wifi router from GOOGLE AWESOME wifi router from GOOGLE! I bought this to replace the other so-call "high speed" wifi router. It instantly boosts up my wifi speed and unleashes the internet speed that I paid for! Great product! Will bug another one!
So Far, So Good... Just set it up; super easy install. The app guides you through the process step by step. Things already seem to be working faster on my phone. Time will tell the full story, but for now 5 stars.
Absolutely the best solution if whole house WiFi is an issue Absolutely the best solution if whole house WiFi is an issue. Know that some old reviews do not show newly added features like control of lan IP and DHCP pool. This was important for me as I have a pretty extensive home automation system using Home Assistant. Don't waste your time or money with anything else.
Simple and good access point. Simple to setup, and works great. I had issues with 15 devices on my old Apple Air wifi router, but on the Google AP I have no issues, and it has neat features to show you types of traffic, and who sends and receives etc.
google, ad revenue, and the NSA this is by far the easiest time i have ever had with a network. i got the pack of 3, spread out in a 3500 square foot house and separate garage. one handles a master bedroom for nighttime phone browsing, the main node is plugged into a switch in the den for a ps4, tv, and other stuff. the last is in an office on another switch with multiple computers, embedded devices, servers, random stuff. the software part of the setup took what seemed like less than a minute. its been a month and the network has never been down or even slow, which is pretty remarkable. im getting ~115 mbps in places far away from the main node.the devices themselves look great, i like the single led design, i have enough blinkenlights, i certainly dont need more. the white matches my switches and many of my devices. the adapter is nice and small, and most importantly, wont block other outlet spots on standard surge protectors. the quad core design with 512mb ram means its more than adequate for me (i guess a lot of this is used for unknown googleish purposes though). it has no usb, which is a minor problem, but there are network solutions for that.the network is feature light, which is good for a router, IMHO. the app was clearly written by very expensive google engineers, and it shows. it lets you change DNS providers, DHCP on/off, change LAN IPs, ipv6 on/off, port forwarding, a guest network, and settings for individual devices. i dont use any proxy or VPN functionality, so im not even sure that sort of stuff works. i havent yet used the home control but im eager to play with it. i like that you cant access the router through the network, that is a huge security hole that feels largely covered up by this system.my one issue is the way that google needs to store your device information on their servers. i understand that it makes it very easy for app development when all of the data the app needs is on a single server somewhere, and im also guessing that google wants to use their cloud computing systems to do all the work, but it feels very dirty. especially now that google has removed "dont be evil" from their policy. i dont know the solution this problem but this is google dammit, they should be able to figure it out, they have more money than god.
Easy setup, easy admin tool, just as unstable as any other router though! Like many others, I was hoping this would solve my wifi problems, feed world hunger, and create lasting peace with my mother-in-law. Maybe my hopes were too high.I was tired of having to constantly reboot my other routers. I tried many... ASUS, Netgear, Buffalo, etc... all of them seemed to need a good kick in the arse fairly periodically, and get worse with age. Plus, I hated having wifi extensions upstairs and having to switch manually between networks. Bring in Google Wifi.Pros: easy to setup, mobile app is easy and simple to use and manage system (maybe too simple), and seamlessly go between any nodes and have it automatically switch you to the best signal.Cons: These still have to be rebooted. Wifi speeds jump all around. One day it'll be great, the next day everyone is experiencing slow speeds and I have to reboot the mesh network. With direct connection to a router, we have 60 mbps download speeds. With the wifi, we're getting around 15. I'm okay with that since that's plenty fast, but wish it was solid and consistent like some of the other reviewers experience. Lastly, and while the simplicity of setup and the admin mobile app is, I also think it's a bit too simple. For many, it won't matter as they may never really need to do anything. For me, I wish I could set a priority device and have it be permanent. The max you can set is 4 hours. I like to game on my PC and need all the bandwidth I can get, so wish I didn't have to do that each and every time. Also wish I could go to any device on the network and simply limit the bandwidth, that would be cool. We rent our downstairs out for Airbnb and sometimes our guests decide to download some serious files or something and hog the bandwidth. My only options are to let them use the guest network or cut them off. Anyways, those are just wish list items and don't reflect my 3 stars. The 3 star rating is b/c this isn't nearly as stable as I was hoping. I will keep this simply bc they are too expensive to toss, and the mesh is nice. I put one unit way out in my shop, and now it's nice to get wifi out there when I'm dinking around out there.
Wide house internet problem resolved. I was able to simply install the Google wifi app, hook up the wifi system and enjoy my internet everywhere in the home. We have a wide single floor house so we were looking into router options. The Google wifi router proved to be more than capable to have our entire home wifi-accessible and there are no interruptions whatsoever.
Five Stars very pleased
Four Stars Doesn't let yo change the LAN IP. No advance configuration.
Working Doing the work. Nothing outstanding
Love this router Love this router. It doesn't look like a giant blue robot! Which makes my wife happy. You can mount it on your wall or ceiling like a smoke detector. The app is awesome. Can't go wrong with Google Wifi, and you can add more to make a mesh network. Super happy with it.
Maximum wifi speeds even as much as the lan cable direct! I've tried the Netgear Nighthawk Wi-Fi extender before and I have a standard Motorola Arris modem router.I live in a two-story house with 3900 square feet and the Wi-Fi extender barely satisfied my range needs. I set up the 3-piece Google Wi-Fi one on top one next to my router and one in the middle spot and this gives me complete Wi-Fi coverage to the entire house at speeds that I've never seen before and even more than the promised maximum speed of my internet service provider! This thing rocks!
The Best It is an excellent product. It arrived early, is very easy to set up, and the speed of my network has increased by 10. For a surface area of more than 300 m² on three floors the layout of the three elements is perfect.
very good product, easy to install and operate very good product, easy to install and operate. Internet connection around the house improved a lot. I very much enjoy having extra features like being able to set up schedule and manually disconnect certain devices. It helps a lot with setting schedule for when kids can use internet from their devices.
I think this is the best mesh Wifi for most people Setup is a breeze and it automatically updates its firmware. I used to have trouble streaming live games like baseball, basketball, and football where the stream would start and stop all the time and the picture would be bad. With Google Wifi I rarely have this issue anymore. I can even go outside in the backyard with my dog and still get a good signal. I recommend this to anyone looking for a new router or mesh network.
Best router I ever used This has been the best router I've ever used. Has the cleanest UI for the router interface I've ever seen. Since I can cover each room in my apartment every device is getting the best connection possible at any given moment.I hope Google continues making these and expanding further into the internet market.
Limited on ethernet ports, app is great Only negative is that it only has 2 ethernet ports. Other than that, I love this router!
Google WIFI, The Real Deal Just thought I’d share some info. I know most if not all of us always hate those dead spots in the house with regards to internet and WiFi connectivity. I purchased up my service with a higher speed (500Mgbs) because I have up to 15 devices running at any given time. Gaming, 6 Smart TVs, 6 IPhones, 3 Mac Computers, 2 Alexa’s, my Security System, etc. It adds up fast.I had cox out to my house this past weekend and asked him how I can get more connectivity in places where the signal is weak. I told him I purchased a faster speed and it is still too slow. The rep told me it has nothing to do with speed as much as it has to do with the signal and connectivity. He said you can have 1G of speed but still be slow if your connection is weak throughout the house. The key is getting a strong signal everywhere so that speed is not compromised when weaker areas are attempting access in whatever capacity/form ie Iphone, Netflix, gaming etc.The cox rep told me that standard extenders do not do the trick. You know, the 10-20 dollar jobbers that plug into an outlet and look like a little cheap box. He also said the standard extenders are garbage because in order to benefit, they need to have a strong signal to them to begin with then the user has to manually connect to it time and time again. If the user is in their room on their iPhone and they leave, go down stairs then they lose the connection to the extender, have to reconnect to the main WiFi router and so goes the story. That is why extenders are cheap. They rarely serve their purpose. Trust me, I have tried this route in the recent pass. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.So, on to the solution that I am so so so stoked on. Totally worth the money, totally worth the investment. This is a real live, real life, real deal review of product I chose and it’s validity.My cox rep told me to look into replacing my current modem/WiFi router with a 2 part solution.Currently, I have a cable/WiFi combo. I decided to take my cox reps advice and purchased specific technology with the best most up to date technology.Part 1:I purchased a stand alone cable modem. I chose the Next Generation Arris SurfBOARD SB8200 with 3.1 DOCSIS technology. Before the purchase it is extremely important to make sure your cable provider supports the modem technology. It will say in the description what providers support it. If unsure, call your provider first. A lot of times the providers update what they support but don’t let the manufacturers know. Very important step.Part 2:Once you remove cable provider modem/WiFi combo, install new modem. Plug it in and attach the cable coax only. Call your cable provider and tell them you installed a new cable modem and need them to update their end and establish the connection. This does not take long. After that you are done and ready for part 3.Part 3:For the WiFi part (because I got rid of combo modem and went back to a 2 part solution) I purchased Googles WiFi System, the 3 pack because of my square footage.First, download Googles WiFi app. Sign in with your google account and follow the onscreen setup tutorial. Google makes it fast and easy.Second, unpack and plug in power of your first Google WiFi router and connect it to your chosen stand alone cable modem via ethernet cable. Once that is done, the app on your phone will have you scan the primary Google WiFi router. Once you scan it, you name it Family room, living room etc). This way you know it’s your primary point. Then google takes you through naming your WiFi network, setting up the password etc. Super easy!Once you set up your primary, it is connected, the tutorial tells you to set up your second location. I bought the 3 pack so I had 3 total to set up. I took my second WiFi router and put it in my master bedroom as this is a familiar dead spot and is a location that was a great perimeter point of reference to create a triangle line effect with regards to covering the entire house. Once you plug it in the wall, the Google app goes to work, connects the second location, allows you to name it and extends the entire primary signal to this second location. And I mean ENTIRE 5 bar signal strength.Finally, I took my third Google WiFi router device up stairs to the great room which is the furthest most point from the primary point. The google app finished the connection and synced them all together creating this triangle like coverage effect. Yes, the end point gives me 5 bars. Full signal.The Result:So, just to see how strong the signal was, I ran a test from the google app, then from my son’s Xbox and finally from my cox at home app just so I had an unbiased result with real congruence. Well, the result, full 5 bar strength with over 399Mgbs down load speed and over 60Mgbs upload. This was with multiple devices connected and probably 10 running and from the farthest distant part of the home. Now, I am finally benefiting from the speed I purchase, don’t have to reconnect to different extenders and DON’T need my entire house rewired for data access.The cost: roughly 400 bucks. (I’ll save 120 year from the modem rental and after 3.5 years essentially have my investment paid off).PS. Also purchased these cool brackets that the Google WiFi access points clip into and plug into the wall. No chords or cables showing. Very clean for those minimalist types.
Ended Wifi Reception Woes Easily The Google Wifi system resolved all the reception issues I had in a multistory house. I bought 3 of the pods and the system was a breeze to set up. The phone app that controls and monitors the wifi mesh was very intuitive. I now get blazing speed throughout. High marks all the way around.
... and the distance apart from each router is really bad, u can only have it from about 2 ... i didn't buy it on amazon but i got it and the distance apart from each router is really bad, u can only have it from about 2 rooms apart. I used my previous router and connected it to the google wifi so it acted like a modem and it worked and the wifi on the google wifi sucks but not on my previous router
Get your wifi signal under control! This system works extremely well. Best for locales with high wifi congestion. Easy to set up and manage.
Super Great product Super Great product! Highly recommend, this solved my WiFi signal strength problems!We live in a 2600 sq ft house with main level living with a finished walk out! Had trouble getting WiFi signal in lower level and upstairs bedroom. This solved the problem! Works great! Placed one pod in the basement and one in the far bedroom. Issue resolved. Literally took less than 10 minutes to set up!
We now have good WiFi throughout our house This set of three units has worked very well to give us good WiFi signals throughout the house. I've got one on each floor, top floor, main floor, and basement. The management app is very nice and easy to use. I did find one device (BloomSky weather station) that does not work with mesh routers like this one, but that's more a flaw in that device than these routers. All other devices in our house have worked flawlessly.
Very easy to install and program with free app! This is a fantastic home WiFi system. Can cover your entire home with great WiFi speeds. Much better than a gateway WiFi router. Don’t forget to order wall plug mounts too.
Works great. Easy install Added a mesh point, and it couldn't have been easier. Now have better coverage over the entire home (upper AND lower floors).Delivery on time, and well packaged.
Clean & Simple This is is amazing. It’s so easy to setup and the speeds are super fast compared to my old router. I had a NETGEAR N600.
Four Stars Awesome. Wish it had option for band Selection
Ethernet backhaul is slower than mesh! Beware Buyer beware, the backhaul from Googe Wifi is slow. I spent hours on this to try to figure out why my speed is on average 25% slower on ethernet backhaul than regular mesh. Also trying to contact google is hopeless, all they have is the user forum.Other than that, the unit works fine. It's easy to setup and comes in a nice package
Five Stars Gives good coverage for our usage - streaming movies and video calls
It works. I works well, but some frames get dropped, occasionally. I don't know if it's the router or Verizon choking the bandwidth on my supposedly 150MBPS UL/DL service.
Mostly awesome but a couple minor snags... Some serious wow factor here. This was a remarkably good experience to setup. Arguably the best home networking experience I have ever had.I took a star off because there is one feature of DHCP that this product doesn't support.It doesn't allow you setup a default search domain (it defaults to "lan") but doesn't give you the option to change that in anyway.If you have a home lab setup in a similar that mine is then this product great but not perfect.Here is the physical layout of my home network:Internet -> ISP Modem -> Dual Nic - ClearOS Firewall Server (DHCP, DNS, Directory services, etc...) -> Switch (to service my LAN) -> Google Wifi (connected to the switch to provide WIFI access to my LAN).If you have a configuration where Google Wifi is using your local LAN as its "internet provider" then you can just use your normal LAN's DNS services to resolve names. To do this you simply set the DNS server on the Google Wifi to use the "ISP DNS".When you do this you can resolve DNS on your LAN if you use FQDNs like "somehost.localcomain". Every thing works great except for one very minor annoyance.The DHCP server that runs on Google WIFI doesn't have the standard options that a "real" DHCP server has, namely providing a default search domain for DHCP clients. It does set one to "lan" but doesn't give you the option to change it to your own local domain.I realize I'm very much an edge case: I'm may change my local domain to "lan" just to avoid the annoyance of entering FQDNs from mobile devices on my network but for now I'll use it "as is" and just leave this review (hopefully someone at google sees this and considers the functionality).If the option to provide a "default search domain" was in the DHCP settings this would be a 5 start product IMO.Also a bigger ask that may not be physically possible would be to allow the use of these as a bridge to my existing LAN in "mesh mode". It currently works in stand-alone (non-mesh) mode as a bridge but not meshed.
Set up took 5 minutes!!!! OMG, such easy set up. ANYONE COULD DO IT!!!!!! Just love it. Do not pay cable for theirs Wi Fi when you can own your own. THIS IS A MUST OWN!! Another great Google Product
both WiFi and hard wired are like night and day I replaced a Lynksys router with these and my internet, both WiFi and hard wired are like night and day. 3 floor single family almost 3000 square foot house, one on each level and there is not a single dead spot in the house. The Lynksys router gave me a max of 60 Mbps down. After installing these I now have the advertised 100 Mbps however I am consistently getting 115Mbps down on speed tests. I don't know why I waited so long.
the product didnt work. from the three items, ... the product didnt work. from the three items, only of them was ok. now i am in argentina, trying to find a way to return it
Single router Really like this router. We have this hooked up to a fiber optic modem at 100Mbps. Our home is a story and a half, roughly 2k Sq ft. I placed the router in the middle of our first floor. No problem with signal strength upstairs or in the basement. Fire TV is super fast and our 2 Echoes are super speedy. Setting up our Honeywell T6 wasn't an issue. Still trying to get our two Lyric water alarms setup. They don't seem to communicate on the 2.4ghz. Overall really happy with the speed and coverage.
Good, Cheap Good, Cheap, & Easy. You get all 3 with thee. Customer Service is INCREDIBLE!!!!! App is easy to use. It's Google guys, unless you are some nerd who needs some rare specification for some over the top computer purpose, buy these
Five Stars Day 1, so no experience yet over time, but the speeds are incredible!
Solved my problems! I purchased a home built in 1969. When I moved in I had some renovations done, including running an ethernet cable from the point where my FiOS came into the house in a rocky crawl space area up to my home office on the second floor. From there I ran a WiFi router to service my home. The router was on the top left side of the house, and the kitchen is in the middle of the house. So WiFi was spotty at some areas of the house, with service dropping and not allowing me to Netflix and Chill (tm). This was bad since I have 100Mbit FioS service and couldn't take advantage of it.I purchased a single Google WiFi device, doubtful it could help my situation. I placed it in the location of the original WiFi router, and shut off the other one to minimize interference. Sure enough, I was right. Coverage was worse than before. All of my devices were connecting at 2.4Ghz. Throwing caution to the wind, I ordered a second one, and located it on the opposite side of the house on the same floor.To my surprise, that worked fabulously! My whole house is bathed in WiFi. I'd highly recommend this device. It doesn't have all of the advanced settings as regular WiFi routers, but it gave me wicked fast times and simplicity in setting it up. Also nice they all get the same SSID across devices, and it's also the same SSID for 2.4 and 5Ghz. 'One SSID to rule them all'. Your device and the wifi system pick the best way to connect. Makes life simpler.
Great product Very happy with these Wifi router. Work as advertised very easy to set. I got a 300mgb for my internet service connect to these google router and got an average Wifi speed of over 165mgb downloadThat’s awesome.
Five Stars Excellent.
One continues Wifi through the house. Great signal. 3 months. So far working great.I am able to control devices for my kids and turn them off independently if needed.Great option to schedule group of devices on and off.One continues WiFi through the house. Love it.
finally have internet in my garage My house is a single story 1500sqft ranch, but I have a large detached garage that I work in, which often involves looking up youtube videos on my phone. My previous wifi - which included being broadcast from the modem through the built in wifi PLUS a wifi router that is supposedly for large houses that I was using to extend the reach, did not reach the garage. It also didn't reach the driveway, so if I was out there and wanted to look up directions or some other thing before leaving, I couldn't. Oh, there is also barely any cell service here so I depend on wifi to make my phone work.We just got upgraded from 15mbps to 100mbps! But, the wifi from the standalone router would top out at 20, I think because it was set to work as an extender. I was looking at all the options and saw some beastly routers that supposedly had good coverage, but they seemed to have the same range as the one I already have that wasn't far enough. Then I saw these things and it looked like it was just what I needed.They were very easy to set up and I now have 100mbps internet in the house, garage, driveway, and backyard. I haven't fully tested the range, but if you look at my pictures, I get a strong signal 120ft into the backyard (I stopped at the edge of the fence, range would go beyond that). 120ft from the house in the driveway, it comes up as weak. I'm not sure why that would be, but it reaches just fine to where we park, and to the garage. In the pictures I marked the device locations and they are all along outer walls of the house. It is a manufactured home so the walls likely have less interference than a regular house.Now Netflix loads the browsing menu, where before you had to sit and wait for it to load the thumbnail of each show/movie, or sometimes it would just give up and show a bunch of grey rectangles instead of the pictures.
The google mesh doesn’t work This product simply doesn’t work. Bottom line faulty frustrating sequence of events over the past several weeks. Ordered a brand new one and it’s worse than the original.
Kids hate it, you now have the key for their gateway to the Internet!! I have not experienced WiFi down for a long time! I used to have a Linksys Cisco wifi router and often have to reboot it to restore Internet. I even bought a timer to reboot it once a week. Plus this is great for parent, you can schedule all your kids wifi devices with limited time of accessing the Internet such as youtube, online gaming and browsing etc. My daughter hated it, but she was out of control with her Internet hours. This is very difficult to be hacked by kids anymore like the apps you installed on their devices.
Simple, fast, and it just plain works. So if you are some what technical savvy and just want your internet to work and for it to maintain its speed in all areas of your home then this is for you. Just download the google Wifi app first before you do anything else and follow the directions and your set up in minutes. I have had basic routers to high end gaming routers and this is the only one I have yet to have to reset or unplug. Always get above my speed that I pay for in the whole house and outside. Just buy it...you’ll love it. And what’s better than having one less thing to worry about. And just in case something goes wrong you get free phone support from google. What???? Amazing!
It's simple and it just plain works I couldn't be more impressed with this product. A router has always seemed to be a device that, once you get it set up, you walk away slowly so as not to disturb it. This thing was so absurdly simple to set up, I have no fear of it. And the signal quality is a vast improvement over my old Cissco router. This thing rocks!
Five Stars Fast working and very responsive !
Five Stars Works great for a two story home, great, full speed wifi everywhere in the house.
One Star Very bad. Does not provide coverages
Five Stars i love google wifi
b'Five Stars ??'
Five Stars Works great, fast WiFi and easy set up. Just buy it.
They work throughout my entire property. Best wifi I've ever had. Replaced a Blackhawk router with these. Before, the wifi in my detached garage was sketchy at best. You know, constantly going in and out. Not anymore. No problems at all. Wifi connects quickly and stays connected. Small, cool looking little "pods".My garage sits about 30' from my house. Mt base is on the opposite end of the house from the garage. Total distance is probably about 90'. These work perfectly and set up was super easy.
Easy to setup and aesthetically pleasing Easy to setup and aesthetically pleasing. Covers a modest two-floor home very well. Also includes its own internet speed testing tools in the app. I do wish the app was able to group one connected device to more than one managed group.
Five Stars They work great!
Five Stars Absolutely the easiest setup in the world.
Very easy setup, taking only 20 minutes to set up ... Very easy setup, taking only 20 minutes to set up entire system. Vastly improved my home wi-fi signal stength. Great value.
not good reception zones and finally found the "Grail I have fought the router/modem battle for years. Weak spots, not good reception zones and finally found the "Grail." This is me smiling. Easy to set up, easy to use, good controls set up on my phone, just great coverage for the whole house and everything in it and my sitting areas front and back that need wi-fi. As much as I hate to say it, well done Google. Now, are you listening to me even if I have disconnected the data feedback part? Come on, tell me, don't be another Facebook.
Smart Im no techie, but I understand how over complicated Wi-Fi can be. This mesh system is made for the everyman. Simple, reliable and smart. Highly recommended.
Best WiFi Network Easy to install, great performance. Have tried lots of different routers/extenders/power line adapters. All had issues. The Google WiFi Mesh Network has been rock solid since I installed it a few months ago. Wish I had bought it sooner; you will too.
Excellent product and great support Best wifi available. Blankets the whole home.
One Star really cumbersome
Two Stars Is okay
Has worked perfectly for over a year in large home! We’ve had this for over a year and not a single dropped signal or problem! We have a 3400 Sq ft house and had previously used range extenders but had all sorts of problems. Over the past year, we have had strong Wi-Fi connectivity in every corner of the house and literally never had to touch the Google system once. Highly recommend!
This was so easy to setup This was so easy to setup. I have a 3400 sq feet 2 story home. 1gig internet. Used to have a single Asus nighthawk router. Thought about buying the new Nighthawk extender. But ended up going for the Google WiFi. The speed tests have been very very excellent. So easy to setup port forwarding and static IP all from the mobile app. Would highly recommend.
Five Stars The best upgrade i did for my home Wi-Fi, now I'm getting full speed & better signal.
Five Stars Awesome product very happy with it.
rock solid and reliable, expandable any time Finally a high quality WiFi system that is reliable, super simple to set up and covers the entire house or even larger areas. Setup couldn't be any simpler. WiFi signal and quality is so much better than any single router. The app that comes with it, is straight forward t use and shows you stats of your system, connected devices, what speed everyone is using and so on. We had WiFi issues with various routers and this system finally works for the entire house. It also good to know that you can add more spots any time to expand or if you are moving into a larger home.
Better than any other home wireless I have used Do you want good wireless that you don't want to think about? Chuck your regular router and replace it with these. I've set up my parents and my house with these and they have been faultless. Coverage is now excellent, performance is better than ever, and the app is great. Before going to these I had a series of D-Link and Netgear devices that were at best okay. I also compared it against the Orbi. Once I tried the Google Wifi, the Orbi went straight back to the store. The Orbi felt like a regular router with an app grafted on. The Google Wifi feels like a complete designed system. The only thing better is a full Ubiquiti setup or some other enterprise hardware, and nobody has time for that with their home wireless.
Not great if you have tons of steel and brick in your home. I purchased this WiFi system for a home in the Caribbean. We use brick and a lot of steel in our homes. When I setup the 1st unit it worked well, coverage for the entire upstairs. When I tried to setup the 2nd point that is when all hell broke loose. It would not work even though the secondary point was less than 30 ft away from the primary point. I tried numerous positions. Finally I had to "trick" it. I setup the secondary point in a position where it could physically see the primary one (4 feet away), then I moved it to another part of the house where there was an Ethernet data point setup and plugged it in there. Now I have full WiFi coverage in the house.Pros:- The mesh network (when it is setup) is nice. No need to jump on different WiFi network using a range extender- It is actually pretty fast- The ability to setup a Guest network and parental controls- The app provides useful info like speed testsCons:- The mesh network only pairs when the units can see each other (like mere feet away) unless you have data points setup in your home.Summary:- Great if you have a small-medium home and it doesn't have tons of steel in it- Great if you have data points already setup in your home- Not great if your home is medium-large and has no data points. Will have to buy a lot of units.
Switched from ASUS to Google WiFi and never looked back, difference is like Day and Night. Love It. Google WiFi Rocks. I am extremely impressed with those 3 little devices. Our home is around 2500 sf with additional 1500 sf in front and about 3500 in the back. We have a lot of devices connecting to our WiFi network, usually at any given time there are 30 + devices but number can go up to 50 sometimes. I went through few Asus routers in the past Asus RT-N66U with Asus RP-N53 later replaced by RP-AC56 and then Asus RT-AC3200, they got the job done most of the time, but things sometimes would not work had to implement automating Reboots occurring once a week just to keep things working, I spent countless hours troubleshooting our WiFi, changing settings etc. and each new software update was either a blessing or a curse making things better or worse. Finally after reading countless reviews for Google WiFi I decided it was time to make the switch and OMG, I can't believe how great things are working now. WiFi is always working, every devices is connected without any issues/problems. Most annoying thing with ASUS was that I had 3 different WiFi networks all using same credentials yet they never worked correctly, some devices would not switch properly others would just refused to jump from one to another etc. On top of it all I work from home and my work laptop is almost always on VPN, which would not work properly with ASUS, I could either be on LAN or WiFi but never both when connected to VPN, now I am on both and everything is working as it should. If any of this sounds familiar don't hesitate and switch to Google WiFi.
Good Performance, Frustrating Setup We just installed a set of 3 Google Wifi access points in our apartment. Our previous router had a difficult time blanketing our living space with a good signal. However, the setup and installation process was frustrating -- although now the mesh network is working well. For the record I served as a one-man IT department for a small nonprofit for a short time, so I have some experience with networking hardware and mesh systems.IN BRIEF+ devices are attractive and work well (once set up)+ the Google Wifi app does facilitate certain tasks+ it was relatively simple to add another user as a network manager+ wireless speeds are better and more consistent than with our old router+ any of the access points can be used to connect a wired device via a LAN port+ you can still use a networking switch downstream from access points+ guest Wifi setup is straightforward- you need to have a Gmail account to set up and manage your network- setup can be difficult if you wish to use any of the advanced options (see below)- you can't force a firmware update to the access points, which might be necessary for advanced networking options (IP address, DHCP, DNS, etc.)- app error messages are not verbose or helpful, and troubleshooting options are limited- each access point only has one LAN port (also no USB connectivity, which admittedly is rare)- only manageable via an app (and a device that can run it)- still lacks some advanced customization options, though future updates might address thisIN DETAILBecause a couple devices on our home LAN have static IP addresses (including an Amahi home server), I wanted to minimize frustrations by simply changing the default IP address of the Google Wifi LAN (192.168.86.xx) to my previous setup (192.168.10.xx). The app gave me the option to do this (once I was through the initial access point setup -- I wish it were baked into the auto configuration, as it would simply things), but the changes I tried to make in-app wouldn't stick. The app claimed the changes could not be saved ("Oops something happened. We can't save the changes right now"). Some advanced setup fields, like the DHCP address pool, couldn't be edited at all. After doing a little reading online I determined that my Wifi devices shipped with an older firmware -- one that didn't yet support this advanced functionality (which apparently began with v. 9901.53.2). The app even told me that the device software was out of date; however, it gave me no option to force the firmware to update. So I was at a loss. I read that forcing the device to reboot via the app might help push the update, so I tried that and left it alone for about 20 minutes, after which point it actually updated and I was able to make the DHCP changes in the advanced settings panel. But letting you update the firmware yourself and notifying you when the device was updating itself (and power-cycling) would be helpful features.So that was one frustration. We experienced a number of other small hiccups. I used my iPhone 7 (iOS 11.3.1) to set up the network, but once we established the mesh wireless network with the same SSID/password of my previous (now uninstalled) network, my phone wouldn't join it, even though my wife's joined it instantaneously. In fact her phone immediately received an option from the network to share the password with my device (an interesting feature), which seemed pointless because our devices were using the same (i.e. the previous) network credentials. Eventually I forced my phone to forget the network and rejoined it fresh, but it still wouldn't authorize. In the end it took 15 minutes to authorize after I rebooted my phone, but then it was fine. So if this happens to you, try giving it time.Additionally, when we first attempted to add the second access point in an adjacent room, the app failed and told me that the point was too far away. So I moved it adjacent to the main point and still received the same error. I then restarted the iOS application and tried it one more time and finally the access point was added successfully. (I then moved it back into the adjacent room without any issue.) The third point (2 rooms away from the second one) gave us fewer problems.We're enjoying the mesh network now that it's up and running, but I still have reservations about such a streamlined setup. If anything goes off the rails, you don't have many options within the app to troubleshoot anything. The best you can do is reboot, cross your fingers, and try again.
Two Stars Product arrives without invoice. I need the invoice because I'll take it to Brazil on Thursday, 05/17.
Five Stars Have had great luck with this.
So far so good. Will follow up after a few weeks So far so good. Will follow up after a few weeks. Our 2500 square foot two story home now, FINALLY, has strong fast internet in all rooms- ity moves all 100 gigabits without a struggle. Set-up went smoothly on the phone app. P.S.Don't forget to protect your privacy from Google's snooping by opting out of all sharing.
Fast and cheap. Good value. Works great! No setup problems.
Five Stars Bought this as an upgrade to my router and extender. No issues yet
The thing that really makes this system great is the phone app I purchased a three pack initially, then added a single unit to bolster coverage to our garage. The thing that really makes this system great is the phone app. It guides you through setup nicely (DO follow the advice of others and setup the satellites close to the main unit initially, THEN figure out their final location).The phone app lets you test the signal strength at each unit individually. It also gives you lots of fun information about your network, whether you're home on the network or not. You can test your internet speed, see the satellite units(which you can label Kitchen, Master Bedroom, etc.) and test their connection strength. You can also pull up all the connected devices and even see which satellite they're connected to. So I can see who's at home based on whether or not their phone is connected and even know which part of the house they're in. I know, kind of stalkerish, but also useful and fun!Though the fun stuff is easily accessible, one doesn't have to have any network knowledge otherwise: Google wifi automatically optimizes the connections and bands for you. Super easy. After messing around in the past trying to get good coverage in our house using a router, extended wireless access points, etc., it's nice to have a solution that works so effortlessly.
Doesn't reach gigabit speed with wifi As described. Doesn't actually reach gigabit speed over wifi but I suppose that's expected (?)
Fast Internet is so good darn fast now!! We pay for 400 and can exceed with these.
Dead simple, super fast, fun to use Super easy to setup, just plug the first one into the modem/ISP router, plug in the power, and let the app do the rest. Adding the additional points is even easier, just plug in the power cable and click add on the app. These cover our whole home, 1 upstairs and 1 downstairs. It also covers another building located about 30 yards from the house with a third one located there. The network speed is excellent. The app let's you see every device connected to the network and how much data they are using. You can designate which devices are for the kids and it applies some level of content filtering, although it's still important to monitor them. You can also instantly pause the network or set a schedule for the kid's/family devices. Setting up a guest network is also super easy and you can share the network name and password with your friends right from the app. It's surprisingly fun to setup and use.
Works perfect. Love this product, not had one problem in the year that I have had it.
Easy Very easy to setup. My whole house now has great coverage as well as outside up to 30-60 feet.
Best for large house We have a four-story house and use all levels - renting rooms in our basement to students. After upgrading to faster wifi our old booster no longer worked and our students were without internet. This has been the perfect solution! We used if for several weeks now, and wifi is available all throughout the house, at very fast speeds. Setup was quick and easy, and so far we have had no issues at all.
Easy to setup and great coverage throughout my entire house Easy to setup and great coverage throughout my entire house, from the basement to the second floor and even out on the deck.
Five Stars Great product.
Easy to set up with clear improvement in internet speed Easy to set up with clear improvement in internet speed. Unfortunately NOT COMPATIBLE with SkyBell video doorbell/camera. Too bad but had to return it.
Five Stars house is covered and the outside
but the ability to schedule on and off times is great. Love the app Not as much bandwidth as my old router, but the ability to schedule on and off times is great.Love the app!
This is the wifi system you have been looking for I have been looking for a solution to get the full value of my internet speed throughout my house. A friend had the same problem and he told me how he fixed it with Google Wifi. I ditched my old router for this system and it is the real deal. My whole house is now covered at fast speeds. You can also plug directly into one of the access points if you have a computer nearby to get even faster speeds. Set up was very easy with the phone App which I did quickly. It took me longer to unpack it then to set it up. Very impressive, I couldn't be happier.
Awesome for big houses We just moved into a big house (4000+ sq ft) and I was so happy to find these. So far they have been excellent. Internet has been fast all throughout the house, and we have a lot of devices connecting through the day. Definitely recommend!
Extremely easy to set up Wish I could give these 5 stars, but I find that I have to reset these on a weekly and sometimes daily basis. Not sure why they need so frequent resets. I just unplug and plug back in and that takes care of the problems, including devices not connecting and internet sluggishness. Extremely easy to set up.
the best wifi ever 1. super easy setup2. lightening fast speed3. wide coverage areaperiod
Google Wifi system (set of 3) - Router.. Wonderful product for a small to large size houses. Functions exactly as advertised. Boosts wi-fi signal throughout the house for better reception/connectivity.
Five Stars Took like 15 minutes to setup and is working great.. Amazon fast shipping.
They need to fix the problems with AT&T WiFi Calling I have 6 access points and the wifi is great, hand off as I walk around works every time. I have one problem, I use AT&T and the Wifi Calling is terrible, actually unusable and very disappointing, It is apparently a known issue (see Google Product Forums) and I would switch to another mesh option, but I am stuck with this investment. I have had to buy a ATT Microcell, as the cell service at my house is so poor.
Five Stars Super product, very well finished , easy to use and set up, great performance.
This is it So after many years of messing around with different router extenders and high priced modem routers I realized it was all for naught. I’m not the most tech savvy person but when I am consistently called by my better half to reset the internet multiple times a night I had it.... Now please realize that the ability to reset my modem and routers and extenders allowed me a certain status in my home as the fixit guy, I was reluctant to change. However, all things have their time. My time was finally infringed upon one to many times, in spite of my tech aptitude of unplugging and pushing buttons. I finally caved and bought this system. I’m not a tech savant so for those hoping for a great tech review; forget it. Just know this works and I can drink my beer and enjoy my news in peace and I don’t know why I waited so long. This is the best thing ever!!!! I’m just not sure what I should do next to avoid the inevitable next thing I’ll be asked to do. I do still have swamp coolers in my home in west Texas, will try my best to fight off the eventual changeover to refrigerated air one day I guess...
Very easy to set up the network. These provide excellent coverage in my house which has very solid walls. I have eliminated dead spots and have a good signal in my garden. Set up was easier than my old access point.
speed so so, tech support less so. Purchased 3 unit system to replace apple's latest airport extreme base station which after 2 years was making loud fan noise with solid amber light (completing startup sequence) rather than normal solid green. First off the single unit google had 10-15% lower download speeds than the apple unit in most rooms. I tested all the rooms in our 2k square foot house using iphone speedtest app. The room with the lowest signal with apple's unit was zero, not measureable, with google's.Next I tried mesh setup with iphone but it didn't work probably because I don't have cellular download, nota bene.I called the google helpline and well, the tech guy was not very helpful. He would tell me to do something on the iphone and then was puzzled/annoyed if the screen showed something he didn't expect. In the end I gave up on him and sent all 3 back. In contrast, imo apple's tech support is well trained and professional. your mileage may well differ if you have cellular download for your smart phone.
Very easy to setup and use. I would highly recommend this to anyone that wants an easy mesh wireless setup. First off, the shipping on this was super fast! I received it next day. Very happy on that part.The setup of this router was super easy. I am in IT, but the setup instructions and how easy it was to follow along was great. You don't need to be in IT to figure this one out.Once I setup the first point, adding the additional points was even easier. Again, the app on the phone made setup be a flawless experience.First speed test= 268Mbps down ... I was happy with that.Lastly, now that I have this setup, the application on the phone allows me to monitor the network, as well as enable or disable features very quickly.I would highly recommend this to anyone. Very simple to setup and use. A great interface for controls. A+ IMHO.
Google WiFi Mesh..What a Great Product! What a fantastic product. We had been having wireless problems in our house. Long hallway could not get good wireless signal to living room. With the Google WiFi Mesh all problems have been solved. Wireless, Ethernet, Modem, etc are all much better. Really sold on this product!
It could not work any better, it is very fast Purchased, and set up was very simple, I placed one unit in the basement, 1 on main floor, last in upstairs bedroom. It could not work any better, it is very fast, very appealing to look at, and seems to, simply, do a much better than any router that I have ever purchased or used. It really costs no more than standard wifi, but works better!
Excellent Excellent
have about 50% speed loss from the main node to ... have about 50% speed loss from the main node to the others even though the app says the mess signal is strong.
Worked great. Worked great.
Perfect! Way better and easier than extenders Just set this up, and it was the easiest thing ever. One connection point in the guest house? Perfect! Way better and easier than extenders.
Mostly good So far I'm having good success with these Google Wifi mesh routers. I like the range they have, and of course you can always add more to increase your range if necessary. I love being able to check on the network and change settings/password from remotely.I wish there were a little bit more customization possible, such as setting speed limits on certain devices (or on all devices) or setting a data limit per device. Right now you can "pause" a device cutting its internet off, or you can prioritize a device that needs the best internet.The google Wifi also manages all DHCP ip reservations. It would be nice if I could have a router before the Google system, handling all the DHCP since other routers allow much better customization, and then just let the Google routers do the mesh network. But that's not possible.Great that any Google hub can be plugged into ethernet, which means it will get its internet from ethernet instead of wirelessly from another hub, in the case your rooms are already wired for ethernet. Keep in mind, the ethernet has to originate from the primary hub, it can't come from a different network.
Worth the money in our opinion. We ought these in preparation for cutting the TV cable. And Wow! The difference in coverage and speed from our old router and range extender is amazing! We thought we had internet issues previously and we’re getting a annoyed with xfinity, but now our speed has multiplied by 10! Our WiFi printer is working too - something we were convinced was malfunctioning.I had an issue with one of the “pucks” but the technical support guy was really good. So far, worth every penny.I also like that you can see anc control all devices connected, and also create guest accounts .... AND control the kids’ internet availability!!!
Great Performance and Easy Setup I bought the set of three and the performance is outstanding. Whereas streaming was hit and miss before, that s no longer the case. Took less than an hour to set up.
Needs more security features Best mesh network I've seen coverage and speed wise, could use a few more features, i.e. security alerts when unknown device connects, built in virus scan/security etc...
Great Wi-Fi system from Google Absolutely terrific! Great system providing AC1200 speeds and extremely easy to setup!
Sleek Router Love this router. It blends perfectly with our other electronics (xbox, echo, etc). I love that it is slender, but still packs all the best features of the beefier, more expensive, routers.
Simple to set up using the app. Took less ... Simple to set up using the app. Took less than 15min total. Finally upgraded my WiFi and taking advantage of the 100mps being offered by spectrum.
wont regret! love it! My house covers about 2000 sft over two floors. I have struggled for years to get good wifi coverage. I've got by, by using a second more powerful router/access point and mains power line adaptors for TV and my outside office. The Google wifi installation has revolutionized this.I bought a double pack and a single pack. Installation was astonishingly easy. Basically, the instructions read: 1. Plug it in 2. Scan the QR code. That really is all you have to do. There is an app which helps you position the Points for best Mesh coverage.To my amazement, just one Point provided coverage across the whole house. However, one point on its own is not a Mesh network and there were some corners with one bar of signal strength so I installed the second Google Point. This has provided full signal strength everywhere including bedrooms, garage, outside office and even the garden. I've also connected the TV, Apple TV, PC and printer into the wireless mesh network, chucking out all the PowerPoint connectors, cables and wifi booster. In order to make for a nice clean look with the google wifi, I order the Basstop Wall Mount Bracket Holder also.I agonized over whether to install or return the third Google Point. It really wasn't required but, just for the fun of it, I installed it in a bedroom anyway. I've been running this network for about two months. My fiber-to-cab speed at every point in the house is now only limited by my provider’s connection.I could not ask for more, I can't believe how I struggled my whole life without it...
and recommend this product as much as possible to family and ... This replaced the wifi functionality of (3) devices: Apple Time Machine, Apple Aiport Extreme, and Apple Airport Express; and all with only 2 Google Wifi routers! I am pleasantly impressed, and recommend this product as much as possible to family and friends!
Increased wifi speeds dramatically. Received these yesterday, but the setup wasn't as easy or flawless as I had hoped. It took several hours to get the internet working on the main router, and another hour or so to get the router to connect to the satellites. I tried giving the network the same name and password as my old one, but that didn't work since I had a couple of Airport Expresses still claiming that name. Eventually I was able to get get everything working, reset the Airport Expresses to join new network, and had to sign in Alexa, Harmony Hub and wifi power strip to the new network and everything is working flawlessly. I have 100 megabit internet service, but was only getting speeds of about 13 Mbps in rooms adjacent to the previous Airport router. Now with the mesh wifi, I'm getting speeds of 85+ Mbps in every corner of my apartment.
Love it. Replaced my TP link AC 1900 that ... Love it. Replaced my TP link AC 1900 that i bought in January.. Wow! easy set up . 25 to 50% increase in speed. Small and attractive not like my old router
The google system didn’t come close to working at optimal speeds. This has to be one of the worst products Google has released. I am beyond disappointed.I have a 1 gbps Internet connection. I purchased Google’s mesh system just because I like google and the features advertised with the system. My current router worked well and I live in a small, 1500 sq foot house and decided to get the Google system to try it out.I setup the system and conduct a Speedtest and get 60 mbps. I think that there must be some mistake. I go over the whole process again, but I get the same results. I troubleshoot the issue and run a diagnostic through Google’s app, but according to the App... everything is “Great”. At this point, I start to think something has to be wrong with the modem and I plug in a ethernet cable to test the speed direct from the modem and I get 970 mbps. Now I know 100% there is an issue with Google’s system.Now, my last option is to call Google’s customer support. I call them and I do the usual troubleshooting steps you would expect, all of which I already did on my own. When we get to the point that the only conclusion is that the Google system is faulty, the Google tech support starts to make me do things like move the WiFi points closer together or make sure there was a clear line of sight. I live in a 1500 square foot home and this is a mesh system that is supposed to cover 3 times that! Just using one WiFi point should have been adequate. After we ruled out that it wasn’t the proximity of the points, the tech started to say it could be the environment. Then I plugged in the router provided by my service provider and immediately was getting above 800 mbps. Apparently, only the google WiFi system had issues with the environment.I figured I had a rare defective system. After reading some blogs and forums, now I realize this is not a rare occurrence. Many people have this same issue and Google apparently has trained their technicians to blame it on anything except their product. I love google products... this was a very disappointing experience.Please, don’t waste your time or money on this product.
Five Stars Easy to set up and works perfectly with great reach
Plugged a switch into the office one to hardwire my PC and PlayStation and works great. Over wireless using mesh my download is about I own 2. Have 1 where the internet comes in and a second in my office. Plugged a switch into the office one to hardwire my PC and PlayStation and works great. Over wireless using mesh my download is about 300Mbs
Wifi calling with AT&T device does not work Doesn't support wifi calling for more than one device if you are an AT&T customer. Google has known about the issue since launch but never fixed and don't seem to care. If you rely on wifi calling do not but this system.
Easy setup Easiest router ever to configure. Might be a little pricey compared to other routers, but if you are a newbie, or just need something simple that works, go with this. I also setup a 3 mesh system for another person, and it’s just as easy. However if you are a geek that likes having all the options on a router, then this is not it.
AMAZING! Very user friendly! It was a breeze to set up. Our whole entire house (2,200 square feet, three stories) has fast internet. Having one network that we can seamlessly transfer to which ever router is closest. The app is super useful and easy to use as well. Best router we have ever had!
My friend highly recommended the google wifi system and said it was great I had an asus wireless router with a netgear range extender and it worked just ok. My friend highly recommended the google wifi system and said it was great. I installed it 2 days ago and it was super easy and the app on the phone is super easy to use and to control the wifi system. It is awesome, I have never had a wifi system that was so easy to install and manage.Well worth the price and highly recommend. Also the internet is much faster now with the google wifi than what I had before..Great product
Love google WiFi. This has been the best purchase ever. It improved our WiFi ten fold. We have a 3009 sq ft home and always had trouble with connectivity. Now with three googles it works upstairs and down with no multiple WiFi points. Only one. Works great. Especially with tv WiFi downstairs.
But the settings in the app aren't as customizable and clear as I'd hoped to see from a company like Google. It works. But the settings in the app aren't as customizable and clear as I'd hoped to see from a company like Google.
Google Wifi - a great solution for wifi. Since being in our house, we have struggled having consistent wifi coverage in the outer rooms and connecting devices with inferior wifi radios (DIRECTV). Google Fiber recently made it to our neighborhood and at the box, I can routinely get upwards of 500Mgbs. The Google Fiber Network Box is ok - but certainly will not cover a decent-sized house. The essential debate came down to wireless mesh, a single ultra-wifi router, or using access points / extenders. I've tried the access point route and not had tremendous luck.I chose the Google Wifi because it seemed very easy to setup and use based on reviews on Amazon and YouTube. I have never owned Google branded anything, but I expected a high quality product.The Google units are fairly stylish, but more importantly very easy to setup using the Google Wifi App. The App will assist you (sort of) in placing them throughout your house to gain even wifi coverage and the units have pretty powerful radios. The App itself has some cool features - you can see all your connected devices, you can see what wifi unit they are attached to, and the download rate at each unit.Overall speeds degrade the further you are from the base unit, but without having actual wired networking options, there's no way around that. But I was able to stream netflix in on multiple devices throughout my house with no issues using Google Wifi. I have full wifi coverage throughout.
The product has been faultless. Super product. Easy to install. I have a 100 mbps connection in my home office and was only getting 20 mbps in the den. My den isn’t far but there are walls between router and den. After installing this I now get the full 100 mbps throughput my house. Third week and not a single dropped connection. The product has been faultless.
Five Stars so easy to setup, and the app is awesome!
Five Stars I LOVE IT they are the best!!!!
Five Stars Very simple to set up and the units have solved the connection weak spots in my home.
Five Stars Amazing product. Great performance, simple set up, excellent mgt tools
Easy install, great product Really helps all around our house, including in our finished lower level.
Five Stars A great investment.
Google is great, Delivery service failed! Excellent Google mesh product boosts router speeds incredibly. Easy to set up and install.ONLY problem was with DELIVERY service. Left box with $400 of electronic goods OUTSIDE my fenced entry. 3 Feet below a sign that requests deliveries made to front door! Box was at far side of gate out of view from house, but in CLEAR view of anyone driving by on the street. With all the delivery thefts on the news, this was ridiculous. And I was inside the gate gardening most of the afternoon and did not see or hear anyone on the other side of the gate. One minute of opening the gate would have been more than sufficient to ensure that I received my order!!
No way to select 2.4 or 5ghz Removing options for power users is the worst thing a company could do.There is no way to select 2.4ghz or 5ghz, that selection is made by google "smart" algorithm (hint: is not smart at all), so things like streaming are not possible with this, so basically worthless.I want to disable the useless 2.4ghz band and is not possible. Stay away if you are a power user, it looks like the new philosophy of Google is treating the user like a dumb person. Like apple
These are great! Super easy to set up and wow....a great wifi signal! I tested before setting these up and had a so-so wifi signal in our 2 story house. After these were setup my wifi signal was at least 4 times what it was before. Pretty much set it up and forget it!
These are great for strong wi-fi signals throughout the house These are great for strong wi-fi signals throughout the house. A caution is they are limited in what they can do. You can't set up an FTP site for instance. I had a top of the line Asus router and with it, whatever I wanted to do was in a menu somewhere. With google.....it is basically, simple, plug and play.
Five Stars Easiest install of any network device, ever. Works seamlessly.
Good Love it for the ease of installation and set up. The product was also delivered swiftly and in good condition.
Good System But One Major Issue Purchased based on recommendation from a friend of mine. Setup was pretty easy overall. Speeds were much better than my providers router and the range was very good. The interface took a bit getting used to at first but worked well. The one major reason I returned it is because I rely on ATT WIFI at my location and this unit has major issues with not always connecting properly to allow ATT WIFI to work.
Amazingly easy to setup Amazingly easy to setup. I finally have coverage in my entire home; Uverse box wasnt cutting it at all and streaming was always buffering even with brand new router and gigabit speeds, popped these in and zero problems all day. Also love the simple family controls for the kids.
Very easy setup, cost effective, good visuals via the app. Extremely easy to set up and use. As with most great technology, you forgot it is there after a while. It just works very well.
A great addition. Works great with the Google modem.
These access points work awesome. Easy to set up and when you need ... These access points work awesome. Easy to set up and when you need help Google has a help desk that is the best helpdesk I've ever contacted - nice, patient and very helpful.
Five Stars Easy to set up and works well. Solved our connectivity problems in our house.
Four Stars Working great.
When you need a "Net", get Googled This system works GREAT for houses that have multiple levels or are thick walled/floored. We have a 4-level home and this system covers our whole house - even the rooftop patio! Would highly recommend!
Great WiFi Great WiFi, easy to setup and far-reaching in signal strength
Phenomenal! Full WiFi coverage in my (smallish) house with just the 1-Pack. So this replaced a 10 year old Apple router and has brought my home into the modern age. The range on this thing is phenomenal to what I used to have. I just have the one on my middle floor and covers my entire 3-floor townhouse in full, glorious WiFi. I can stream HD video to Apple TVs (4th-gen, non-4k) with no problem. The ability to check my home's internet speed came in very handy when I needed to troubleshoot the Internet with Comcast remotely -- also the ability to see all devices connected to the router AND be able to pause the kids' wifi is super great.My only teeny hangup is that there is only the one ethernet port -- other WiFi routers have multiple ports for multiple devices so you'll need to get something like a TP-Link 5 Port switch to connected more wired devices. But the tradeoff is that you get a very compact device with this, which I love - and space is a precious commodity in my home so having something compact like this is perfect. Highly recommend.
Not what I was expecting This is NOT an extender as you would think. Only get this is your cable modem is in the middle of your house, not on one side like mine is. I went back to using two routers setup as an extender and works much better.
Fantastic coverage throughout house and very large yard Easiest setup imaginable. Fantastic coverage throughout house and very large yard. Absolutely no dead spots or drop zones. Finally!
Five Stars Customer service is wonderful. Up and running within 1/2 hr.
Just the router. Modem not included This is just the router not the modem. Why in the 21st century do we even make separate routers and modems? I thought I would buy this to replace my whole box but this is basically just an add on
Awesome router Super easy to set up but takes a long time for the app to configure things ( about 3 hours in my case). The signal is excellent and somehow improved the download speed. Solved some of the interference issues with my nest devices which is great. I hope the price will go down in the future so I can replace a couple of other routers with this
I have a really big house - these saved us ... I have a really big house - these saved us to be able to get wifi connection through out!! life saver!
Five Stars Look them, they have made a difference in watching TV and working on wireless internet.
Five Stars This mesh system rocks!!!
Jeepers I recently bought a Linksys Ac2200 that pumped out roughly 70mb of wifi and 180mb with Ethernet. It also didn't provide coverage to the basement or upper floors. I replaced that with a night hawk that shot out 135mb with Wi-Fi and 210 with Ethernet. The night hawk did provide wifi to the upper floors but still struggled with the concrete enclosed basement.The google wifi consistently hurls 200mb+ wifi speeds and 280mb+ with Ethernet. The range is everywhere thanks to the three small routers that automatically juggle you to provide the best connection.The routers don't really have any changeable settings. If you like to customize your router then this probably won't be your cup of tea. This is a simple plug and play without having to worry.
Awesome wifi system! Huge speed and coverage increases! Super easy to set up and improved both the speed and coverage of my home wireless dramatically!
Does not prevent connection from being halted by Google Photos I had a TP-Link router, and was having trouble with uploads - the auto backup of Google Photos was consuming all the bandwidth and even the downloads were being halted while the data was being sent (when reached the provider upload limit of 2 Mbps, the download speed goes to zero, while the provider limit is 15 Mbps).Instead of configuring the TP-Link and limit the upload rate per device, I opted to buy Google WiFi, because most reviews says it has several advantages comparing to the "commodity" routers.Of course I thought the Google router could balance the bandwidth among the devices, not permitting one single device to crash the connection of all others.But it wasn't the case. When an Android smartphone, or an Ipad, is heavily uploading (mainly Google Photos autobackup and YouTube), the download rate freezes for all devices, and Google WiFi can do nothing about this. I switched my cable internet provider router to bridge mode, but it didn't work. Could try giving priority to all other devices, but it's an odd and time consuming solution...Pros:- easy setup (however with no advanced user mode)- strong signalCons:- it's not able to balance the bandwidth among devices- settings section is very poor - you can't set up download or upload limit per device, as several cheaper routers permit- sometimes you can't connect to WiFi when Internet connection is offline- provides some network usage stats (real time, 1d, 7d, 30d, 60d), but nothing can be configuredBeside some issues with Google Photos App (you can't set the upload limit speed; you can't choose the backup hours), I'm not satisfied with Google Wifi system because it doesn't solve the issues I had with the older router.
I mention the details in the review because I noticed most other reviews don't provide good before and after stats My ISP is AT&T with fiber at the street, plan of up to 100mbps. The hardwire speed would be on averaging around 75-85 mbps. Wifi speed throughout the house was around 15-19 mbps. I have a 2 story 3200 sq ft home. The AT&T router is upstairs. I installed the Google Wifi mesh system and now my Wifi speeds throughout the house are on average around 45-50 mbps. That's a HUGE increase in Wifi speed. I mention the details in the review because I noticed most other reviews don't provide good before and after stats. I'm extremely pleased with the results I'm seeing. The setup was extremely easy and in case you are wondering, I did NOT have to turn off the Wifi on my AT&T router. I just plugged in and now I have a new Wifi access point while keeping my old one which still works and will primarily drive my smart devices, which don't require too much bandwidth to begin with.
Great Router! I should have purchased this a while ago. Range is not the best, but it covers a 1700 sq ft house just fine. This sits on one end of the house and my PC is on the other end. Very easy setup via the phone app.
... in my home and my WiFi has always been crappy. Hooked up google WiFi and now I have ... I have hooked up 4 different WiFi routers in my home and my WiFi has always been crappy. Hooked up google WiFi and now I have great WiFi through my home and it even reaches outside great. Would definitely recommend to everyone.
Its just not there yet I am an absolute Google fan boy and I am so, so disappointed with this product. It is easy to setup but overall it just doesn't perform as it should. I am a big gamer and can't stand to have huge lag spikes. Every 5-6 minutes I would get a minute long lag spike where my long would jump up to 1000. I tried wiring the devices, I tried setting my laptop as a priority, I used my own Ethernet cables and nothing worked. I think this product will be great in a few years but for now it is not quite developed yet. I wanted this to work so badly with my new gig internet but it overall it was super disappointing.
Get it, you won’t be disappointed. Awesome router with cool app. Easy to setup and works great. Handles speed and channel selection amazing. Great buy
Five Stars Works well
Love it, but give us home! I love this thing, although I wish I could reboot it or enable the guest network with my Google Home speaker. Not a big deal though, it looks lovely in my home, and provides lightning fast internet to everything in the apartment. I remember when nothing could beat a wire, but the AC1200 on this thing gives me at LEAST 100% of my 100mbps connection over wifi. Was only getting 20mbps down on my phone with my last router, went up to 115-120mps after swapping to this. Pings are at 15ms.
Not Really a Mesh Network Big note, this is not a mesh network. The units have to get signal from the primary connected unit. You will get error messages saying move this connection point closer to the primary connected unit. Hugely problematic if the point is to spread a connection.The rest of the interface and functionality is nice and a great step up from wifi routers of yesteryear. But selling it as a mesh network when it isn't is shady.
b'5/5 \xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f Love it !! For the first time after 3 other \xe2\x80\x9cgood\xe2\x80\x9d routers over the past 6 years our entire house is fully covered. No dead zones !! Incredible!It\xe2\x80\x99s was so easy to set up Parental controls ! 5/5 stars \xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f'
Five Stars The price is inexpensive, very reasonable. it's well worth it.
Worked as advertised and easy to set-up Worked as advertised and easy to set-up. I had owned AirPort Extreme, which cut-off signals quite a bit. For a two-story home with a lot of internet use a product like this is a must.
Five Stars Easy to install, Great coverage and Fast. Definitely a must have!
Beats my old Airport Extreme Silly I had an Airport Extreme for many years that I was afraid to say goodbye to. But it just wasn't cutting it anymore in my new 2-story house and externally-located devices (Like Ring). But these little units have blown me away. Incredibly strong signals and reliable (and easy). If you have two levels you will want at least 2 of these. Even if you have a small (~2000 sq ft) house. 1 star deduction because apparently these are a *little* quirky with iOS sometimes. On very rare occasion my phone will think I don't have internet when everything else (Non-iOS) in the house does. These also do not support VLAN tagging (Take note CenturyLink Gigabit customers). Hopefully these quirks and features can be remedied in a future software update.
Great replacement for WiFi extenders. Easy to set up with seamless connection while moving around my home. I would suggest 1 for every 500 sf unless you are just in big open spaces.
Rock solid after DNS update Had a problem with these having to be reset at least once a day. Called tech support and adjusted the DNS settings. Rock solid ever since. Blazing fast and utterly transparent handoff from room to room. Very easy to set up. Extremely happy with the purchase.
the schedule functionality is great! I love the flexibility of this Setup is a breeze. Customer support is phenomenal. Tricky part is understanding how to setup. 1) make sure primary point is directly connected to modem. 2) if you need to redo the network and keep the same name - remove all old versions from the app. Coverage is stellar. Mesh handoff seamless. They blend right in. PLUS if you have kids, the schedule functionality is great! I love the flexibility of this. I will be getting one more for the basement in the near future.
Super easy to set up and it’s really easy to ... Super easy to set up and it’s really easy to fine tune the mesh. Bravo. I am dumping my Apple airports.
Easy setup and programming Easy to set up (took a few reboots). Easy to program. Easy to change. So far (been using it a few weeks) no issues to report and it is giving strong signals throughout!
Was slower on my older smart tv than my current 2011 router. My netgear wndr4000 was faster than this, at least on my older equipment, so I returned this.
Fixed our wifi issues for good! Our comcast tech suggested this to replace our repeater that we have in the house that talks to our hardlined router in our detached back office. It has fixed our constant connection drops and failures and works perfectly without having to add another hardline in the house!
Excellent Turning my home wifi network into a mesh network to achieve wider range/coverage couldn't have been easier. I have added two of these wifi points to my network which is Google OnHub router-based. Congrats to Google for making setup and configuration literally automatic. Highly recommended.
so slow it is useless, reinstalled my old Does not work properly in South Africa with mweb fibre, so slow it is useless, reinstalled my old rooter
Worth every penny for reliable awesome wifi! Worth every penny... Inexpensive routers are fine for most people and in most situations, but we had a weak signal in certain areas and disconnects, and in 4 months - zero issues.
Worst router ever Worst router ever, I am giving the 3 start just because its google, its has a nice design and the app is really cool and intuitive. But It lacks on performance really bad, it has connectivity issues, and never ever was able to supply not even 50% of ISP real speed. Bad product google.
Mesh wifi system works great to eliminate dead spot Mesh wifi system works great to eliminate dead spot. Easy to setup. No regret in geting the google wifi to improve my wifi coverage at home.
Super easy to install and nicely designed. Super easy to install. I set-up three pods. I was up and running in minutes. The app works well and offers lots of settings to control the internet access for children.
and this mesh system provides excellent coverage to my entire house and front and back ... I wish i could give it 10 stars!! My house is 3500 sq feet, and this mesh system provides excellent coverage to my entire house and front and back yards.
Five Stars Very very fast and full control from mobile.
Great product! The Google Mesh is easy to setup Great product! The Google Mesh is easy to setup, use and control, and ultimately easily provides the Wifi coverage needed in our home. Before we made the switch we battled drop coverage, slow speeds, and diminished range. All this has been fixed by setting up the Mesh. Worth every penny.
A life saver for those with many devices!!!! My network is much better with the Google WiFi. No more dead zones!!!! The speed is amazing from Spectrum. I have a lot of devices connected and they all run smoothly. No buffering at all. This is a must!!!!
Five Stars Works like a charm, large hair salon, multi room - perfect
Two Stars Item is defective
Not compatible with Comcast ISP/OOMA VOIP This system has an issue with Comcast ISP and OOMA VOIP which should have been listed in the Google product description or on all the boards I checked prior to purchasing. After spending much time with all three vendors, I am infomred today by Google about this "known" issue. I will do my best to return the product and go back to using Netgear.
easy set up a great product extended my WiFi range. easy set up a great product.
Five Stars good
Five Stars Worked great!
Google made xfinity not suck anymore! To begin, I have xfinity internet. So basically I had the potential to have a quality internet/WiFi connection. Google filled the gap to make xfinity not completely suck. I was on my last nerve before Google came into my home. Setup gave me a few issues, but customer service was great. My whole house, and then some, has great internet speed and connection.
WI-FI in every area of our home Worked great, now have awesome Wi-Fi in every area of our house
AMAZING Amazing is the word - this little thing amazes me.The app is so awesome, my internet was down and the app notified me while I was at the office that my home internet was down, surely helped me plan my work better and follow up with ISP in advance.
Love it! This is a great product and well worth the price.I have now owned this, and Netgear's "Orbi". The Google WiFi system is hands down better.It is very easy to set up and manage (via there app). I also love that you can run an ethernet cord to boost the signal.
Five Stars It works great, much faster than the wireless router provided by spectrum.
This systems works great & was so easy to set up We have struggled with wifi with a long ranch style house with plaster walls. No more... This systems works great & was so easy to set up. Very happy!
Five Stars vary happy...product as described ...fast delivery A+
Five Stars Great Wifi system. Complete home coverage with no dead spots.
Easy setup, good range. Finally, I don't lose my signal when I move around the house! I put one in the front of the basement, one in the middle of the first floor, and one in the back upstairs. They were quick and easy to setup and the Mount Genies I bought hold them in a small neat space without loose cords.
Great product, very easy to install and configure Great product, very easy to install and configure, great speeds, and features. Great investment. I have zero dead spots.
Happy husband, happy me Husband loves them. What is there that I can say. Happy husband, happy me.
Five Stars Works great. No complaints
More than I expected Perfect! and I bought a 4 router to cover the whole brick house and is works beautifully. I bought some bases that I hanged on the walls and is great
Setup is easy for the Non-tech person. Easy to setup and has been the perfect solution for our multi level home. No more complaining about Wifi speeds and access. (3 laptops, Amazon Echo, Amazon Dot, Amazon TV Fire Stick, Amazon TV Fire, PS4, 3 IPhones)
Great coverage so far! So far, it's great. My house is only 1700 square feet, single storey, but I have over 50 devices on the network, 10 of which are cameras (a hobby, not paranoia) and we also want enough bandwidth to a detached garage on the other side of the patio to watch 1080p security cameras with sound. I had an Archer router and two extenders, which worked fine in the house, but wifi in the garage was poor, and extenders are a different network, which made sharing a printer with my husband's Man Cave a pain. I set up one GW point high on the wall perpendicular to and closest to the garage, another in the living room, and the third in the hallway outside the Man Cave, effectively bypassing the furnace room and washer/dryer wiring that had always made that room wifi-unfriendly. Everything works very well indoors, and the garage is good so far; we'll wait and see for that because it's really a lot to ask of wifi. If the garage signal still isn't strong enough, I'll get another GW point and hardwire it. GW is quite expensive, sure, but not having to switch connections to get the best reception, depending upon whether I'm inside, in the garage, or somewhere in the yard makes me happy. Setup was very simple, and had I just used DHCP for everything, I'd have had it all sorted in an hour, but the cameras and my ZoneMinder server need static IPs, and I have a bunch of TCP and RTSP ports that have to be forwarded, so it's taken a lot longer. Speed is excellent, and while I do not particularly like our ISP, our connection is pretty fast and stable, so I don't anticipate problems. I *really* wish GW had a web interface, though, because it's a pain to type with one finger on a phone or tablet when I could be touch-typing with both hands on a keyboard.
Perfect solution for a large house where one router dosent ... Perfect solution for a large house where one router dosent reach everything. I have a 2600 square ft house and it reaches out into my yardHighly recommend
10x My Wifi Speed Raised the wifi speed in my apartment from 16 Mbps to 160 Mbps. I was legitimately shocked but it's consistent and it reaches the furthest corner of the apartment which the old router did not. I'm a huge fan!
Just Connect & Google Wifi Takes Care of the Rest - Magnificient Speed. Set up is a breeze and Google Wifi takes care of the rest, 2 different points communicate with each other at tremendous speed & I use it to transfer my Data from the Bedroom to the NAS in the living room - both connected to different points. 2 shortfalls - there is no option to block Unnamed Devices / Intruders & the Password for Accessing Wifi & Settings is the same wish they were different.
Great wifi booster These are fantastic. Really helped boost the google fiber wifi in our old home's plaster walls.
and not true "mesh" like my EERO system I find these are barely line of sight, and not true "mesh" like my EERO system, which almost hunts "all" areas of your home.
Very Good Its Fantastic but in concrete walls wireless mesh works poorly but with Ethernet works like a champ.you can use Ethernet lan port on google wifi to connect non- WiFi devices.for strange reason directly configuring pppoe in google WiFi makes the wan throughput very slow 2-5 mbbs on 100 mbbs internet.but using a cheap netgear router for pppoe and to Google makes it to full 100 mbbs on wifi.
Buyers be warned I bought this at the advent of the release of the product when all the reviews were raving about Google WiFi. Sadly, after months of real world application and use, I have to warn people from buying into the hype. Its now notoriously known for not being able to maintain fast WiFi connections. I've got gigabit internet service going to my house, and although I don't expect WiFi to realistically hit gigabit speeds, I do at least expect around 600-700Mbps. Unfortunately, Google WiFi only delivers about 3% of what my internet speed is capable of. Consistently, my average transfer speed through WiFi is around 30 - 45Mbps. This is unacceptable. I've gone through troubleshooting numerous times with Google's support to no avail. Once in a while, it will hit the proper speeds, by proper I mean anything above 100Mbps, but that lasts only a few minutes. I am absolutely disappointed in this product. Buyers be warned.
This system did not work better than my current router - which is a Netgear ... This system did not work better than my current router - which is a Netgear R7000. Maybe it's my home layout. Anyway, I had to return it, no good for me.
Five Stars So far so good! GREAT coverage!!
So easy to set up So easy to set up. With 3 locations, it covers my 3000 square foot house with a great signal and speed. Love it.
Great product Great product
Awesome product. Big bandwidth Awesome product . Big bandwidth.Great user interface, slick looking . People don’t even realize it’s a Wifi router . Really good coverage when you have 3 of them . I have a 3000 sqft house and these babies got it covered from top down . No more spotty signal in my house . Highly recommended.
Do Not buy it. Had two different IT people ... Do Not buy it. Had two different IT people and Charter come to my house and all three said my wireless problems were caused by Google Wifi system. Once we replaced it with a different Router, Wireless internet has been fast and reliable.
Five Stars So far so good. Full coverage in my house. Fast speeds. My cable guy was jealous.
Awesome system. My old router was going haywire Awesome system. My old router was going haywire, so I thought I'd jump on the mesh bandwagon. Should have done it sooner.One of my favorite features is the ability to run ethernet from the 2nd and 3rd units directly to your computer, xbox, fire tx, etc... to make it a wired connection.Easy to set up, and the app has a lot of useful tools to help you know what is going on w/ your network.
These Become Paperweights when there is no Internet Access So good. Great power, easy-ish to set up. Would recommend.One issue of note - I am a tech by trade and when crap hits the fan (or when the internet goes out) I want to be able to see how the network is going, what’s going on with my router.These won’t let you do that. If you lose power, there is literally NO way to look at these things. Any offline use of a LAN should be my God-given right - but oh well. Just hope that the internet doesn’t go out.
Probably the best new device purchased for my home Probably the best new device purchased for my home. Eliminated dead spots for wifi in the house. More control over who's given access. Easy installation and first rate technical support from Google. Buy it!!
Amazing coverage I live in an apartment complex and we have had issues with Wifi coverage no matter what router we have tried. The walls have sound deadening material and so it just destroys Wifi. I got the 3 pack with for a normal place would be overkill but for us is perfect. No dead spots and the farthest access point is only about 10 percent slower then the one hard lined to the modem. Hands down the best wifi solution on the market.
Sweet Setup Purchased this to use with Google Onhub for complete mesh coverage. Works like a dream.
good speed, good stats in the app, no iOS app for my country. Max speed 50 Mb per second (500 Mbps), between MacBook pro downloading Video files from Windows PC connected via wires to network switch. So far this is the highest speed I ever seen in wireless network.I like the fact that it auto updates, and receives security patches automatically.I like that I can see how much any device on networks consumes, in real time, over a period of time.I like that I can test internet throughput via mobile app.I like that I can control it from anywhere.I like how it looks and that I can dim the white light on this device.I'm using it more that 3 months already and I want to say that now I have less wifi related issues.Bought it for home, and after a month bought it for office.I don't like that I need Android phone to control it, there is no iOS app for Kyrgyzstan. This product is not supported in some countries but it works if you manage to install Android/iOS app. It doesn't work without iOS/Android app, you need the app to use it. Make sure you can download google wifi app before buying it, if you are not from US.I give it 5 stars even I can't install iOS app in my country, cause the product is good and I had no issues with it. Installation is supper easy, and you can set it up via your phone only.
Google should really include the instructions online for this product ... Google should really include the instructions online for this product; so that people don't purchase it and immediately have to return it
Five Stars excellent product and very easy to set up
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G I absolutely love the Google WiFi system!I needed to solve a problem where my WiFi router located in the basement wasn’t t giving me strong enough signal throughout the house (1st floor, 2nd floor, and attic), specially if I had the basement door closed.I did some research, and ended up with the Google WiFi system and couldn’t be happier.Extremely easy, pain free, setup through the app that you can download on your phone. The setup took only a few minutes. Signal strength throughout the house is amazing, and the mesh network (you always get connected to the closets unit) works like a charm!You also have a lot of control through the app, reminds me of a Cisco Meraki unit. You can do anything like speed test, parental control on devices, look at all the stats for every device connected, bounce the units...they also look pretty sleek, and since they are white they are easy to hide if you want to. Each unit is a bit bigger than “Alexa” - my echo dot, and they all give you a physical Cat6 connection if needed.
The setup for these were extremely easy. I disabled the WiFi on my Fios router The setup for these were extremely easy. I disabled the WiFi on my Fios router, plugged in the initial unit, configured it through an app, then started adding the remaining devices. I was literally up and running from my previous network to my new network in roughly 1 hour, which included setup of a guest network and reconnecting about a dozen devices using WiFi throughout my home. My home is 6100 sq feet and I have 3, with a perfect signal in all areas. Speed is fantastic and nest cams that previously had lag, do not anymore. Outstanding product.
Great for strong wireless all over the house. Our provider's router wasn't reaching our whole house, so I bought these Google Pods. They were easy to set up and the signal is strong all over the house. The app that controls them is very helpful. You can restrict content and pause service to individual devices. You can group devices into categories and set rules for them (like kids devices and household devices). It also tells you how much data each device uses. I definitely reccommend them.
Much better than my old Netgear - saw a YouTube video ... Much better than my old Netgear - saw a YouTube video of how tests showed max data speed ... mine was the same. I always thought my provider wasn’t giving me 100% but after this I went from getting about 60% to just over 100%.
so I am satisfied. It was extremely easy to set up I bought one of these because my Apple Airport was not providing a reliable connection anymore, and the tech for my cable company came out and basically told me that Cox internet doesn't work well with Apple routers anymore. So I bought a Google wifi router and I am getting extremely fast speeds with no drop outs anymore. I pay for 150mb with Cox and Google wifi is delivering over 180mb over wifi, so I am satisfied. It was extremely easy to set up, the app is basic and easy and I was up and running in like 5 minutes.
My ISP isn't the greatest and only allows for a certain number of connections This has been a headache relief in my house! My ISP isn't the greatest and only allows for a certain number of connections. I added this google wifi system and it's like I have a whole new service! I linked everything to these instead of my ISP and it's so stinking fast!! I seriously can't say enough good things about this system. It was super easy for me to install myself and I haven't had any issues with it since I bought it a few months ago.
I recommend I bought this to expand my WiFi points. So far it’s very reliable and I get great speeds.
Five Stars Excellent value and product.
Five Stars Absolutely Brilliant, Have 4units in an Office 30 to 70 connected devices
Four Stars Work as expected.
Super easy setup and great coverage for the entire house Super easy setup and great coverage for the entire house. Great to be able to have the kid's wifi shutoff at a specific time and still keep the adult devices online.
Thought I needed 3. Only needed one. That's ... Thought I needed 3. Only needed one. That's how powerful this little puck is. I wish I went with Google WiFi sooner. All my connectivity, range and speed issues are gone. Replaced a basic TP Link router.
Why did I wait so long to take the plunge? Like many others that have commented on this item, I have tried numerous extenders in an effort to expand and increase the wifi coverage in my home. I never have had much luck with any of them and was somewhat hesitant to make such a pricey purchase for this system. I bit the bullet after reading through numerous reviews both here and on other online sites. I cannot even express how happy I am that I made this purchase. It seems like a steep price, but it worth every penny. I have probably spent this much on all the other worthless extenders I've tried over the years. I do work in the IT industry, but it is not necessary when it comes to the simple setup Google has for this system. It literally took me 10 minutes from start to finish...I did it on my lunch break. I literally took the first Google access point out of the box and plugged it into the modem and power source and poof it connected to the app without any issues at all. Then the other two access points were easy...the app walks you through the setup and in a matter of minutes you have a mesh network setup and ready to go. The best part of all is to see the network speeds you get after setting up this system. I even get over 100 mbps in my backyard now! I don't regret this purchase and I bet you won't either. Take it from someone who debated the purchase as well...you won't forgive yourself if you don't go for it!
Clean installation Works great, drywall anchors could have been a bit better!
Great whole-house coverage and easy management using the app. Great whole-house coverage and easy management using the app. My only complaint is I've tried using hard-wired Gigabit Ethernet for the back-haul instead of WiFi and so far I've only gotten worse speeds even though the same jack and cable to my laptop gives MUCH higher speeds, so I know it's not a wiring issue.
Nice Idea, Not Ready In full disclosure, I'm not particularly tech savvy like many who've reviewed this. I understand the concept, I followed the directions. During the 2 weeks I had the system, it was pretty terrible. I have gigabit internet, but I had slow speeds on all devices.Additionally, the nodes would not mesh with each other. The best arrangement I could achieve was the primary point in our basement, the second point about 15 feet away in the same room (line of sight), and the third point on the other side of the wall (~12 inches). I spent hours on the phone with both Google Fiber (my ISP) and Google WiFi support, performed an ungodly number of tests, only to realize nothing would resolve this. I had a total of 5 nodes in the house at one point, thinking that may resolve it. All it did was make it worse.I like the concept, but I don't think this is where it needs to be quite yet.
Five Stars that is the most strong wifi I has to use, walls,doors,windows,etc nothing can block my wifi signal.
Four Stars So far so good. Improved ability to receive signals in areas that were spotty in past.
Just buy it. This thing works even better than I expected. Setup was simple. I have been using one for controlling the audio console live at church, and we have not had a single issue. The fact that these can be connected into a scalable system it great.
Two Stars Excellent concept, poor execution. It doesn’t work well with Apple products. They keep disconnecting our devices. Sooo close though
Solid devices so far with great range and speed The firmware update to allow me to change my internal LAN network came a bit late. Be cautious that you will have issues if not sizing correctly. I actually took one of the satellites out as there was too much interference causing availability issues. Solid devices so far with great range and speed.
BEST BUY EVER BEST BUY EVER, have 3 teenage girls. Use to complain about speed and connection NOT ANYMORE.In the corner furthest away from one of the routers (Apple) i use to get 15Mbit NOW 120MbitIf you have problems like me, BUY BUY BUY
Really does the job and does it nice.... I bought this to fix WiFi holes in my house and It does just that. I have a 2 story 2200sqft house and I have the main one down stairs and the extra up stairs wired. I did purchase the 3 pack and currently not using the 3rd one but was a better deal buying the 3 pack verse 2 singles. I do have Comcast modem and it is in bridge mode but have to reboot it to recognize the Google WiFi. Speedtest are what I expected and once I wired the second one upstairs it was better there also. I’m not a fan of the same SSID for 2.4 and the 5 however I’m really not running a crazy complex home setup even though I’m a Network Admin. I’m using all main core devices hardware (Xbox, NAS, and other GWF) on the wired with a gig switch and phones, iPads, laptops, and Firestick on wireless. I also have a Wyze Cam on the wireless and that works great too. I had a Linksys WiFi router before that I had to reboot and sometimes mess up on its own to get it to work and was sick of the rebooting so I thought I’d look into this. So far happy I did. A IT coworker told me about this and after reading some reviews I said to myself what the heck... Some time people have buyers remorse and I did at first but I had no issue yet. The app is VERY easy to use and gives a couple of things to test. Other then the same SSID and the non Web GUI interface it’s not a bad product... So far a happy user...
Fixed My Homes WiFi Problems When I purchased these I hated how much these cost, but it was well worth it. My home is L Shaped and I moved my router to my office so I could plug in my computers hard-line, but everyone in the house had issues connecting to the internet on the other side of the house, they had issues before because my modem/router was terrible was broadcasting WiFi. After I got these it solved all my problems, anywhere in my home I am getting about 100mbs down, no one has issues staying on the internet, and no second SSID all one SSID which is wonderful especially after dealing with a WiFi extender. I would recommend this to others and I have recommended this to my friends, family, and coworkers.
Five Stars good!
Great product! would buy again. They have worked great
Best wifi ever! Works great!!!
Five Stars best wifi router fast and easy to set up
Five Stars These have really helped us speed up our Wi-Fi!
WOW factor! Incredibly fast & EZ setup. Very fast connection. Fast & EZ.
Easy to set up and I am getting 100mps down ... These are a must if you have google fiber or any gigabit internet. My only complaint is these are not included with these services.Easy to set up and I am getting 100mps down and 60 up on wifi now with no deadspots.
Fantastic Product works as advertised! Man, this was a great investment with all the dead spots for Wi-Fi in my home. Now I can get coverage in any room in home as well as perimeter of home exterior. EZ set up and great instructions! Go Google!
Five Stars works great
Great WiFi solution Setup was simple and I don’t have a single dead WiFi spot on my property anymore. Highly recommended.
Five Stars Great product and great transaction
Scetchy parental controls. Worked well at giving us a better signal and running multiple devices at the same time. Do not like the limited parental controls. Can only block adult websites not images. Porn images can be seen by just googling porn and clicking images. Netgear did a much better job with parental controls giving various levels of blocking including social websites and porn images. Unfortunately the netgear router did not support the load of devices we had. I expected google to have more complete parental controls. I hope this will be improved in the future.
Very easy to install Very easy to install and get the system up and running with existing router. Excellent coverage across the home.I have a fiber to home so I was able to eliminate the existing router (which was giving me lot of problems) using PPPoE.This took a few days to figure out.
Junk - If you want to pull down about 20% ... Junk - If you want to pull down about 10 to 15% of the bandwidth you are paying for this is your product.
Five Stars Perfect product! Love it!
Unstable, no ability to between 5/2 gz, and ... Unstable, no ability to between 5/2 gz, and it considers 70mb “lightening fast” which is laughable when you’re paying for (and getting close to with other routers) 300 mb.
Easy to set up Easy to set up and powerful signal
Great WiFI mesh network Great WiFI mesh network. Pretty easy to set up and it covered my entire -two-level-home which my previous 250$ Netgear AC could not accomplished.. Signal strength on the far corner of my house is very strong. It take a bit of time to get used to the apps on your phone. Easiest way is to watch you tube videos.. Happy WiFi-ing :-)
Five Stars :)
Worth it Expensive, but in my crowded wifi environment these things just win. If you look at the spectrum, google kicks everyone else's tail on channel selection and Xmit power. It was worth it in the end.
Five Stars good product with strong signal and great costumer support
Its only useful for large homes The performance is not at par with the price. Its only useful for large homes; which can be overcome by using range extenders.
The app itself makes owning your network easy. If you have kids I own 2 of these routers, utilizing the mesh capability. So far they deliver speeds as fast as my data package allows, never falling below 115 mbps. You will need a smartphone or tablet to set-up and control them through the accompanying app.The app itself makes owning your network easy. If you have kids, you can put them into Family tags, allowing schedules which can be automatic or manually paused on a device-by-device level, or as a group. My kids try to be sneaky and stream after bedtime, but it simply requires one tap and their plans are thwarted. You also have the option of network-wide adult content filtering.Maybe you just want to see every device on your network in real time? You can do that too, even if you're not at home.My recommendation to anyone is to dump your ISP-provided modem/router combo (bleh) and buy your own standalone modem and then 1-3 of these routers which can be placed around your home.
Five Stars Excellent system.eady fast setup.love it.
This set is very pricy. It is also complete ... This set is very pricy. It is also complete overkill for my house (about 1600 sq ft).That being said, our Wifi signal has never been stronger. Further, our download speeds have increased from an average of 13 mbps to consistently 65-70 mbps.
Highly recommended! Fixed all our wifi problems. Super simple and easy to use.
consistent and strong So pleased with this purchase. I live in a prewar apt building that had lousy wi-fi, despite the latest/greatest router and modem. This mesh system is consistent and strong.
Amazing performance. Perfect out of the box experience Simple setup. Amazing performance. Perfect out of the box experience. This product embodies first-class performance and deployment.
Needs 2.4GHz and 5GHz separation My biggest gripe with this is that it won’t allow 2.5 and 5Ghz separation. This can seriously bog down your Wifi if you have something like a Sonos system throughout your house. Other than that it’s fine, but very limited.
Awesome Solution for Thick Walls Our home is a remodel originally built in the 1850s and the walls are so thick that every router we tried had very little range - now we get amazing speed in every room. I can not recommend enough!
Simplifying It's good, makes your wifi simple to use and with excellent range.
Unstable wifi connection I have been working with Google support for a couple months because they are dropping my wifi connection regularly, and they can’t fix it so they are going back. Even tried with replacement hardware and still a problem. Going to give Eero a try.
Horrible speed, unreliable connection, poor range I didn't think things could get worse from the days of using the extremely cheap router I replaced with these but I was certainly wrong. I live in a 3 story townhouse and tried putting one of these on each floor directly above the other so about 8 feet apart but even that close the point on the top level has extremely weak signal. I consistently get 10-20% packet loss on my network since switching and horrendously inconsistent speeds. I have 150 Mb/s internet but even hardwired into the primary router I get an average of 10-20 Mb/s. It will occasionally peak to the 150 level for a few brief moments before crashing back to the abysmal speeds. It also regularly drops connection all together. I've reset my modem, the routers, and everything connected to them multiple times. I've contacted my ISP to see if there's any issues on their end and everything comes back to these routers being the issue. Save yourself a couple hundred dollars and get the cheapest router you can and you'd be better off than using these.
Five Stars Easy setup, has been online for a month without having to reboot, speed is amazing
Five Stars In my experience, up to 15 devices simutaneously work in best shape. Moreover , one SSID among mesh makes the best roaming experience in a house.
Great wireless system I was very skeptical of the mesh systems especially since in the past I’ve had tried range extenders to no avail. This system however works flawlessly and I regret not buying this before I bought I a netgear nighthawk x4s. I have no negative things to say about this system if you are thinking of buying you should.Picture included is the farthest area from the main router in my house .
Was the simplest network set up I have ever done ... Was the simplest network set up I have ever done. I now have full ISP speed in all rooms and at all cornors of my property.
... 3-pack from a local big box store with an easy 90 day return policy I purchased a Google Wifi 3-pack from a local big box store with an easy 90 day return policy. Very pleased with how easy and quickly this system was to install. Works like a charm with high throughput throughout our home. It replaced a single router that had become flaky and had only modest throughput in our family room.
Five Stars Finally, WiFi through out the house! Not going over on our phone data any longer
Working great I bought these from a local store to replace a different brand that would stay connected. The setup was very easy and painless. I placed one in the living room. What I've noticed is that our doorbell camera doesn't disconnect from the network. The delay time in the live video feed has been reduced from a 5 sec delay to a 2 second delay or less. Also, when streaming a video, there's very little buffering, in most cases it's almost non-existent. Considering the speed from my ISP provided to my area is limited.
Really like the google management app too Works perfectly. Really like the google management app too. Very good coverage in the house now (~400sq.m).
Hopefully the product will be in working condition because the ... Hopefully the product will be in working condition because the delivery guy though the box from half way of my garden to my front door and he just run back to his car ... another couple of seconds on his time it won be much different... I will test it and if doesn’t work I have to return it
I absolutely love it. Very simple set up This has really extended my wifi, I absolutely love it. Very simple set up. Wireless has never been better.
I love this. It is fun I love this. It is fun, easy to set up and the app is great. It provides much better wifi coverage than my previous router plus booster and it does not need to be reset constantly as my other set up did. It does not actually improve your wifi speed though. It is not a booster, it just improves range.
No hassle WiFi No hassle WiFi. Bought a one pack to add to my TP-Link/ Google On Hub router. Up and running in "no time" - seamless integration with On Hub and existing network. Very pleased. Highly recommended!
Incredible Extremely easy to setup. Created an amazing strong Wi-Fi network in a very large home with solid concrete walls. This product performed to the manufacturer expectations.
remember google internet is coming it will be called google net all google products that works just works and success after success my life is wrapped around google i use android which is google using google maps google assist making life easy we are wating for Good net so bad who needs an internet today i see my self on youtube looking for advise or watching a video android phone is my alarm too chromebooks have merged with android now you have full google market place i believe when you are determented n work so hard then you get a company like gooole love you google you are blessing to mankind
I know nothing about computers or WiFi, etc. ... I know nothing about computers or WiFi, etc. What I do know is that there was a “dead spot” in my house. It just so happened that it was where my PS4 is hooked up. I bitcthe bullet and ordered this. It solved my issue instantly. The hook up was simple. If you have a big house (mine is 2,900 sq ft) and are experiencing WiFi dead spots, get this.
Four Stars Make internet better but it has to be very close to the main one.. Not good for big spaces.
Perfect Life changer.. thumbs up
Loving it so far... Loving it so far... Only complaint is - I wish I could have the ability to have more control on the network
SUPER EASY SET UP! AND GREAT COVERAGE! I bought this system based on the reviews from others here on Amazon. I will say that everyone was spot on with the ridiculously EASY setup of this router system! What a blessing it was to set up. SO EASY! Literally plug and play! Download the app and it leads you through the entire setup!I now have WHOLE HOUSE COVERAGE with 3 routers strategically placed on all 3 levels of the house. I have 16-20 devices that connect to it and have had ZERO problems/issues!Thank you GOOGLE for this super easy setup of a router! All I can say is that you have made things super easy!
AWESOME!!! We were getting kicked off multiple times a day. Our cable company had no resolution BIG SURPRISE!!!We haven’t had a single issue since we hooked up Google WIFI. It’s even helped my sons PlayStation 4 which is in the basement, which PlayStation themselves couldn’t fix!!!
best wifi very good WIFI device maybe one of the besteasy to use and to install
and both were online and running happily. The Google WIFI rated the signal as great ... It took all of about 10 minutes to have all three pucks up and running, using my iPhone X. My home has 2100 square feet of space. My woodworking shop is located 130 feet from the home. I used two pucks in the home, at each end, and the third is located in the wood shop. The first time I started the shop unit, it reported the wifi was rated weak. A water-cooled PC managed to logon but the dual core PC couldn't get on my network. Went back the next day, and both were online and running happily. The Google WIFI rated the signal as great in the shop. Guess the system self-arranged some housekeeping overnight. I highly recommend this system !
Very easy set up This has really boosted my wifi speed. It still have drops in speed occasionally but that is because of my carrier. Even though my condo is small my wifi speeds were so slow before this handy little router! Very easy set up! I would highly recommend!
Easy to use Fast setup. Easy to use. Never drops the signal. Covers the whole apartment. Seems like a great product to me.
Five Stars The best that there is. GOOGLE support excellent - Should have this for a router
Five Stars Received earlier than expected. This has solved our internet connectivity problems.
Woryh every penny Amazing now I can use WiFi as a tool to get my kids to do chores... homework ect. I put each kids device on pause until they do what they need to and wow they hustle to it
... to take forever) I was done in 5 min super easy with the app it’s a no brainer Just got around to installing this system (dreading it was going to take forever) I was done in 5 min super easy with the app it’s a no brainer. Two story 5 bedroom floor and 3 was more than perfect to have great connection all around. Can’t complain
Worth the extra $$ I’ve had a lot of wireless setups and routers over the year, and this one is the simplest one I’ve dealt with. There’s actually too much coverage in my place now. The speeds off the remote points are slower than I’d like, but much faster and reliable than previous range extenders I’ve tried. The smart phone app is way better and more convenient than the typical 192.168.0.* gateways.I do recommend getting one of the cord organizer/mounts because when a pod had 3 wires attached, it’s a clumsy design.
Was not compatible with my local internet provider. Was ... Was not compatible with my local internet provider. Was unable to make it work. Ended up giving it to a friend in another city where it would be compatible with her internet provider. Please check with your internet provider before purchasing.
Five Stars Loved it
Five Stars Helped with dead spots in the house, and I had it setup in minutes.
Super simple set-up and now I have 100 Mbit Wi-Fi ... Totally worth the money. Super simple set-up and now I have 100 Mbit Wi-Fi everywhere in my two-story 1600 sq ft home.I also connected my old PC that has an old and slow Wi-Fi to one of these units via Ethernet and now I have a fast and reliable connection.
Finally got perfect signal WiFi anywhere in the house Finally got perfect signal WiFi anywhere in the house. I have 2 story w/basement home around 1400sqft on 4000sqft lot. This is more than enough to give me perfect signal in and outside my home (built in the 30's, so probably a bit of lead in the walls)
... purchasing this product and the Google Wifi system received great reviews. My husband was able to install them ... I did a lot of research prior to purchasing this product and the Google Wifi system received great reviews. My husband was able to install them without any problems and we couldn't be happier.
Five Stars Best!!!!
Your home network is only as strong as your router. I highly recommend Google WiFi for anyone who is tired wifi headaches I simply love the Google Wifi!I'm a long time Android user and have managed various routers over the years everything from Linksys to Belkin to Acer units. The one thing they all had in common was the one thing all routers have had in common up until now - problems.My latest router (Linksys WRT1900AC) was actually a solid performing unit - but like so many others... required periodic troubleshooting and a reboot at least once every few weeks. The worst offense however was that my Google Pixel phone would hang at times, so much so that I began skipping even turning on my phone's Wifi at home due to the inconvenience.That became a problem even more so when leveraging things like video chat, WiFi Calling and the uploading photos / videos to social media. Finally I reached a point a few weeks ago that I just couldn't ignore it anymore.The Google WiFi is everything I didn't know I needed. It looks better than most things sitting on my computer desk (and in my home really), and the WiFi signal even without external antennas goes farther than my previous Linksys router ever did in my three story house.After a quick setup via mobile app, I was off and running and have been for a few weeks now with ZERO issues on the Google WiFi. It is so refreshing knowing that all my devices work flawlessly on the network and I'm noticing other benefits like my IP camera having more consistent functionality and better image quality.I really am so pleased with this router. Well worth the $100 I paid for a single puck.
Easy to work with So far this is the cats meow.... The setup was a snap... I have the 3 puck system, it cover the 4000 SF house and with a little movement around it also covers my 2 acre lot... Easy to work with!!!!!!!!
Definitely recommend This is a great mesh system. Super easy to install and use. It’s not bulky or unattractive so it can sit on a table or you can buy the holders for the outlet. Smartest purchase I’ve made recently. I would definitely recommend this product
I am very pleased with this I average 110Mps all over my 2000square foot house. I am very pleased with this product
Recommended to me by my son and I'm glad I ... Recommended to me by my son and I'm glad I went for it. Covers the whole house without any drop-out. And it was so simple to set up. I would recommend this product wholeheartedly.
Five Stars Seems pretty good.
Must have WiFi system! Great Wifi system! Super easy to setup and have 0 dead spots in the house. Much faster than my old more expensive router.
Five Stars Best router you can buy.
This is the best router I have ever owned, and I highly recommend you get a set. I've had this set of mesh routers for about a month now, and I have had zero issues with it. Setup is done all in the app downloaded onto a smartphone or tablet, making it one of the easier setups. If your looking for true plug and play this is the router for you. I went from a Linksys ea6900 router and it is a remarkable improvement in stability. With my old router I was having to reboot it at least once a week to reconnect everything to the internet. With the google routers I haven't had to do that a single time yet. So stability is a definite improvement. You can monitor your network with the app on your smartphone or tablet as an added bonus. You can restart the network, dim the lights on the routers, even setup port forwarding and static IPs should you feel the need.The coverage are for three routers is about right. I have around 2100 sq feet split between upstairs and downstairs, and positioned the routers around the house. On one side of the house I put the main router right against the wall on the far side of the house due to where the internet enters my home. The second one is in a bedroom about 65 feet away through one wall, and the last is downstairs right below the main router. I have seen a substantial improvement in not only WIFI coverage, but speed as well. I pay for 100MBs and was only getting around half that in the first bedroom, and spotty coverage at best in the far end of the house. downstairs in the basement was spotty at best, and it was right below the main router I had before. Now, I have tested the internet speed throughout my home and have seen we consistently get our full download speed within about 10MBs.Parental controls are included in the settings of the app as well. All you need to do is setup each device, and give it a name like kids or whatever. From that point on you can set a schedule to turn off the internet during set times. You can also pause the internet whenever needed from the app for homework time or whatever you need it for(punishment). I would most certainly recommend this mesh router for anyone needing the coverage, even as just a single router.
I had an ASUS dual band wireless router with two ... I had an ASUS dual band wireless router with two repeaters and was getting 50 to 70 mbps around the house. Installed Google WiFi with 2 units and now get above 115 mbps everywhere in the house (2 story townhouse with 2300 sf). The app on my phone quickly shows me what is online and what their performance is ( mbps, priority, etc.). I may have some issues with Google in general but this is a winner.
Very Happy I was skeptical on this approach for a home wifi as we've had challenges in our house, even with extenders. So far so good. I was amazing how easy it was to set these up. The entire process took me max 30 min. It also has some very nice features and I love being able to monitor down to the device level on our network and even boost a device over others .....like mine over my kids playing Fortnite. The mesh seems to work well, I have not had any problems with hand-offs between access points, coverage in my house, multiple streams at once, etc. Very impressed.
Five Stars Works well in my house. I have no problem with having coverage throughout my house.
Best routers I've ever used So incredible it's hard to know where to start. The installation was fantastic -- just plug one or more of the units in, and download the free app to configure and control them. Even when I only had the first 1 plugged in, I had better coverage than any other router I've used (e.g., Linksys, Motorola, Netgear, etc.) And with the app, I can even control them when I'm away from the house. Simple to use, and I've now got top speed throughout a two-storey house.
Read this If you have trouble connection your Alexa to Google WiFi! This is a great product, and immediately increased the wifi speed all over the house and rid of all the dead zones... BUT!!All four of my Amazon Echos stopped being able to connect to the wifi. After hours and hours of troubleshooting with both Amazon and Google, we determined that the issue was that an apostrophe in my Google WiFi network name was confusing all my Alexas!Once the apostrophe was removed from the network name (super easy to do with the Google WiFi app -- we went from Brett's Network to Bretts Network), everything was great.So, if you have trouble getting your Alexa or other smart home devices connected (my Bose sound touch speaker had similar issues) just make your network name something simple with no special characters like apostrophes or asterisks or whatever.WHEW.
Sleek design So far so good. It’s not bad only downside it’s only two ports for EthernetBut sleek design and coolest WiFi around
Five Stars Super easy to setup
Works Great Work at least as good as advertised. WiFi coverage is Great. Extra features are usable and function as advertised. Highly recommend.
Not all that .., Basic failure on Googles part. Did not connect as advertised. True disappointment.
Strong Signal With Mesh Network Used this to extend my Onhub and now have no signal issues in the house. Google's software is so easy to use. It reminds me of my old Apple router, but better. We simultaneously stream 4k content, HD content, music, and game with no connection issues. I'm sure one of these would be perfect for an apartment or condo, but I would recommend two for a multi story house.
The easiest set-up for a wireless network.Signal strength is through the roof!! This was the easiest wireless network setup ever!! It took me longer to tear down the old network. Ten minutes and I was back up and running. The signal strength couldn't be better full bars every where.
Not ready yet I don't think this is ready. It's slower than a regular router. Also the amount of outlets per unit (two per piece) is not enough if you have a home office or a desktop PC.The app doesn't have enough options. For example, you can't temporarily cancel the 5Ghz band to troubleshoot devices that only work with 2.4Ghz.
EASY SETUP I setup many various mesh systems and by far I like this one the best. I love the clean look of it, google app is fantastic (I only used Android version if it), the system just works. I setup one of these and additional 2 google WiFi points. I expected much more labor / figuring out / possibly calling customer service (as I needed to in the past with other systems). Performance is incredible, speed is the same everywhere, not just at the source. Absolutely love it and recommend it. With this said, I only had to cover fully and reliable about 2,500 SF. I have not tried this system in a large home with multiple floors, but I have a feeling it'll work as advertised by Google.
Fast setup, performs great. Setup was quick and easy. The Google app was very helpful in walking through the setup. I replaced an Airport and Airport express that were not getting the job done in one end of my house. Now WiFi is 80Mb throughly my house and garage. Hooray!
Our Old Router Works Better After reading the reviews, I had high hopes for this router, but was disappointed.We were looking for better Wifi coverage throughout our house, but our old Cisco router outperformed the Google Wifi system.Also, we have 1 Ring and 3 Blink security cameras, and of the 4 cameras I could get only one Blink camera to sync with this device even though our old router synced all of them easily.The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of one is because it was very easy to setup basic wifi. I have no explanation why it would not sync some of our cameras, but found it very frustrating trying to make it work.Therefore, we are returning it.
Best thing I ever did for my network sting signal ... Best thing I ever did for my network sting signal from the basement to the second floor and out by the pool or in the garage
just works, speed is fast, worth the money, wifi is as better as wired connections I love my google wifi :)I have 4 points in my house. I love following things:1. Speed is very fast2. You can see all connected devices and their IPs from your phone3. The reception throughout the house is excellent4. WIFI speed is as comparable to the wired connectionsI would recommend this to a friend
simply the best router system I've ever used Wow. This is hands down, simply the best router system I've ever used. Ever. I was switching from Asus RT-AC3200 that I've been using for a little over a year, because I've had issues with legacy 2.4 GHz devices connecting to the Asus while using Smart Connect. I was quite fed up with it that I was willing to look outside the typical router brands, (i.e. D-Link, Cisco-Linksys, TP-Link, etc.) and try the Google Mesh after recommendations from my friends. I was blown away by how simple the setup process is. Say goodbye to web interface and hello to App integration. It was simple, straight forward, and flexible that not do I have whole house coverage now, all my devices actually do work now! The only flaw with this system is that it doesn't offer USB connection for network storage or print server support. Otherwise, it really is the best router I have ever used. Highly recommended!
Five Stars Went from 9M download speed to 90M download speed in our playroom. Incredible.
Take control of your home wi-fi Wi-fi signal carries all around the house without having to put in passwords for different AP. I love the Family Wi-Fi feature, I can limit the children's internet use whenever needed.
AWESOME!!! AWESOME!!!
Easy setup and zero maintenance Easy setup and zero maintenance. The range of each node is nearly double of my previous wifi base station. The phone app for controlling the wifi is easy to use and looks nice. Great product!
KNOWN Cell Phone Conectivity Issues. After having purchased these to extend cell phone service in my house, I find Googl has issues with the consistecy of cell phone connection. Now I find that I have gone beyond my return period by 2 weeks and I have three white hockey pucks.
Great coverage throughout my house. Love this product. Highly recommend if you have xfinity cable. Set to bridge mode and all is good.
Works great. Not cheap I love it. I came from a TP link AC router that I had to reboot about once a week for one reason or another. Ive been doing IT for a long time so I figured it would be easy to setup, but it literally took about 5 minutes. The coverage is great and I'm only using 2 of them in a 1700 square foot house. I have only had to reboot them once in the 6 months or so since I got it. I really like the app. It's easy and intuitive to do simple stuff, you can easily look at realtime individual device bandwidth utilization, QOS devices, disable internet to specific devices, moat of the more advanced features you'd expect are there (DNS server, setting static IPs, Nat, upnp, port forwarding) and you can manage the network remotely with the app. It's pretty darn cool. I was talking to a co-worker, who uses a paid VPN, about it and he had me check if there's a proxy config to point it at the VPN. I don't think this is possible. I wish there was a web interface. If you hit the IP of any of the access points it just tells you to go download the app on your phone.
Five Stars Amazing product and gets better over time (it adjusts to your need)
Five Stars Extremely simple to set up and the throughput is excellent. Great coverage, also. I would buy them again.
BEWARE check with your ISP before ordering My ISP, Comcast is currently blocking the use to this device. Performance went from 150-170 mbps to 55 mbps
Fast, easy to use router Super fast and very easy to set up. Range is decent and adding more routers to extend the range is supposedly easy, though I haven't attempted that yet.
VERY easy to setup and works wonderfully. VERY easy to setup and works wonderfully. I probably didn't even need the third one but better to have for future upgrades than not. My large 3 story house is completely covered now.
Five Stars Awesome system. So much control. Kids hate it lol.
just ok, not very well just ok, not very well
Five Stars works great, easy to install...
Five Stars Easy
I wiuld not buy this again. Im not sure how much good this does. My Sin told me that I shoul get this, as u an having trouble getting wifi in the whole house. It still does not work all the time. Its like olayibg rushen roulette.
Just Awesome I just replaced my Airport Extreme with this system and it was a really smooth and easy setup. I really love the amount of control and statistics I have right on my phone, and the fact that I can now control my home network remotely from anywhere. Also, the guest network controls are great, I've missed not having that! The speed tests are great, I'm streaming 4k no problem (my ISP bandwith is apparently pretty speedy). Highly recommend this set, I've got great coverage around the entire house.
Two Stars It has consistently dropped connections and requires a reboot of all 3 nodes to work again.
Has helped extend the WiFi signal for our cell phones ... Has helped extend the WiFi signal for our cell phones to our patio which is furthest from the modem
Best my internet and wifi have ever worked Absolutely phenomenal product. Getting 110% of purchased bandwidth, complete coverage throughout house and seamless transition from wifi point throughout home. Only limitation now are the wifi receivers on the various equipment in the house not supporting the full bandwidth, but that is a limitation of older equipment. Best my internet and wifi have ever worked!!!
amazing good Speed, secure, amazing good produkt
Google Gives Great WiFi Google got it right. Fantastic product. Easy to set up. Simple to manage. For the first time ever, I have WiFi coverage that WORKS throughout my entire house!
The best Mesh WiFi out there! Goodbye single-access point routers! I am a ITS Help Desk Manager and avid Smart Home enthusiast. I used to run very powerful, top-of-the-line Netgear Routers because my home is wrapped in steel siding. This was always a problem with WiFi in my home - especially getting any useful signal out in the yard.Enter Google WiFi. I bought my first 3-pack of pucks; placing one in the basement where the Google Fiber Router was, one nearly above it on the ground floor, and then another about 25 feet away in the kitchen on the ground floor. Coverage went up dramatically.These are super simple install and some other reviews here go into great detail on installation so I won't continue to echo them. Get the app on your phone, plug in your first one to your router and power, scan the puck, and you're off to a great start.My first experience with the original 3-puck set was very pleasing. However, my kitchen puck sometimes would report only "OK" signal instead of "Great" all the time. I also have a need to connect a couple devices on the other side of the basement, and to top off my wish list: stream any content deep in my back yard.Enter the second 3-puck pack!Here I will answer some of the lesser-known experiences and the off-the-beaten-path questions and give you my take on expanding Google WiFi as well as expanding into some areas that most folks may not.I did my homework in finding out how many pucks you can add to your Google WiFi mesh and found a few people reporting problems once they hit about 8. I've not come across any real answers why this happens, but it's out there. So adding another 3-pack went smoothly, and I now have another on the ground floor in the living room, another in the basement, which in turn allowed me to make the jump out to the shed in the back yard.As of this writing, there is no official technical specifications for operating temperatures, but I did find an answer online that the Google WiFi shares much of the same technology as the OnHub, so operational temperatures should be similar: 0-40 degrees C (32-104 F) and 0-90% humidity.So obviously, these are NOT waterproof, and prefer some sort of sheltered/protected environment. Simply putting one in an open shed would NOT protect it from high humidity, nor freezing temps and sweltering heat. I put mine in a sealed electrical enclosure large enough to protect the puck and its cord/plug. I mounted the enclosure on the outside of my shed. While freezing temps are not necessarily as bad as say 110 degree heat, I still power off my outdoor puck when it drops below 30F (leaving it off till temps rise above 40F to prevent condensation from forming from warming up the electronics while frozen) and also if it gets above 105, I power off the outdoor puck if not being used.Here is my experience with my now 6-puck setup:Overall, the app reports all pucks always maxing out on the mesh test (the test that lets you know how well connected each puck is to another), even the outdoor puck and basement pucks. Every device connected to the WiFi mesh indoors (and there are 35+ as of this writing) reports full bars no matter where I am in the house. When outside (remember the steel siding?), I get full bars within 30 feet of the house, then drops to no less than half bars all the way to the street and even across the street into my neighbors yards. The exception is the backyard where the puck on the shed sends half bars some 120+ ft away. My phone will connect to my Google WiFi point from around the corner when I am driving home. That's nearly 350 feet away!The outdoor puck is proving itself extremely useful in I can now use my Smart Home products securely on my own network as I make the last corner driving up to my house - think unlocking the back door, etc. - as well as being able to use the newest WiFi security cameras on virtually any point of my property where I can put an electrical outlet. (I have an extensive set of Arlo Cameras for many spots outside, but they have to be relatively close to the house because they connect to their own proprietary WiFi and are not able to connect to any other WiFi - read the Arlo reviews on this) Plus the thought of now having a Google Mini and an Echo Dot in the back yard makes me happy.I may try to add a 7th puck sometime in the future if I find I really need it and will update this review if/when that happens. For now, I am more than overjoyed with the coverage.Other useful features that I love:Being able to remotely and securely administrate my network including "pausing" individual devices connected to the network.Being able to remotely see if my network at home is up and who is using how much bandwidth in real time.Setting up an IFTTT (yes it does IFTTT!) to tell me when my girlfriend gets home when her smartphone connects to my network. (Can be also used to automate some other things too!)I love now having two ethernet ports on each puck that allows me to hardwire devices if I want or have to (handy for those Smart TVs that get stubborn with keeping a WiFi connection).It updates itself automatically so it's always up to date for security patches, performance, etc.
I'm a reasonably tech savvy character who's always enjoyed tweaking WiFi router settings/channels etc to try to tweak ... Unbelievably effective for the money. I'm a reasonably tech savvy character who's always enjoyed tweaking WiFi router settings/channels etc to try to tweak a bit more throughput out of whatever I've owned at the time but we moved into a considerably larger house with a little beach out back that's about 100ft from the porch. No matter how I oriented my previously fantastic router I couldn't sort satisfactory coverage inside and outside at the same time (no surpise, it's a lot of space to cover). This WiFi solution squared us away and I haven't missed all the little tweaking I used to do (it isn't necessary anymore).
These things work great and are super easy to configure I've bought a lot of routers in my time, and I decided to experiment with the mesh network. These things work great and are super easy to configure. The easiest router I've ever configured. I never have any network outage problems or anything that requires me to maintain it.
Privacy concerns - an access point shouldn't need to be logged into my Google account to work I was deciding between different mesh wifi options. Google wifi is indeed the cheapest, but there's a reason for that- they aren't trying to make money on this, they really just want to collect data about what you're doing on the internet. Your Wifi system must be continuously logged into your Google account--that is a big red flag for me. They have a privacy policy lists what kinds of data they do and do not collect, but they also reserve the right to change their privacy policy at any time (which tech companies like to do). And these companies have been caught red-handed violating their own terms enough time that I wouldn't trust them. I ultimately decided to go with the more expensive Orbi system due to privacy concerns, and also because they have more than one wired port on each base. The Orbi also gets better results in several independent reviews I read.
Fantastic wifi extended How easy was this to set up? The easy-to-follow instructions were amazing. And I can now get wifi all over our 2-story 3,500 sq ft house.
Best router system This is the best router system I have ever used. Enthusiastists will want to look at what it offers but most people this will be an excellent solution.
I really liked the easy set up from my iPhone I bought the 3 pack of Google WiFi routers to replace an old Cisco router I had set up on one corner of the house. The reason I chose the Google WiFi is for the whole house coverage. I really liked the easy set up from my iPhone. I on.y had to wire the first one in, the other two were just plugged into power only. I now have 59 - 60 MB downloads from every corner of the house, it works great! I purchased wall mounts for them so all are on the walls overhead. I also designated my grandkids to the Kids connection and have set up the Google Safe Search list for them. I like being able to do all the controls from my phone as well as the great speed throughout the house and yard.
easy-peasy fast internet amazingly fast, easy to set up, easy to troubleshoot. Works well with mac computers.
... get wifi in the garage and the thing is amazing the garage has concrete walls and roof and i ... Never could get wifi in the garage and the thing is amazing the garage has concrete walls and roof and i have full bars
Works great with Sonos! I was hestitant to get mesh wireless because Sonos speakers can be finicky with wireless. I also have an old house with lathe and plaster walls so WiFi signal diminishes quickly. Happy to report that I have had no Sonos issues and the coverage is great. I had one hiccup at setup where it couldn’t configure the first AP but I reset the AP to factory default and it was smooth sailing from there.
Five Stars So easy to set up. Makes the signal even all over my office!
Was a breeze to set up. The only negative ... Was a breeze to set up. The only negative was having to connect your Google account (or create one) to set the network set up. Floored by the difference in speeds I'm getting now. Previously had two Airport Extremes networked in a two story house. A month ago I was getting 10mbps downloads with the Airports. Today I'm getting 120mbps to well over 200mbps, depending what what and how many devices are using the network. Pull the trigger and U-P-G-R-A-Y-E-D-D. :)
Piece of cake to install - but changing my Sonos CONNECT:AMPs was a royal pain I had your typical home network setup: AT&T supplied modem/router combo and ‘up to’ 45mbs internet service. The wireless router was 2.4ghz only and covered all 3 levels (~1,500 sq ft per level) with a decent enough signal. Having an open stairwell near the router helped. The speed on all of my simple devices was fine. By simple I mean thermostats, garage door opener, Echos, Sonos, smart lights and irrigation system. Performance to computing devices absolutely sucked (MacBooks, iPhones, AppleTV or iPads). So, i dragged out an old dual band router, cascaded it to the pathetic AT&T combo and started receiving 45mbs performance on all of my computing devices. However the 5ghz signal left 2 or 3 dead-spots in the far corners of my 3 story townhome.I decided to get the Google WiFi 3-pack and place one on each floor. Set up was absolutely easy. Within 15 minutes I had all 3 WiFi points installed and serving 45mbs+ to any device connected to the new network and no dead-spots. My only problem was connecting my 3 Sonos CONNECT:AMPs to Google WiFi. I don’t know whether to blame Google or Sonos, but it was a 3 hour exercise to get them to work. You see, Sonos doesn’t adapt easily to a new wireless network and only uses the 2.4ghz channel. I had to connect the Sonos gear to Google WiFi because they (Sonos) requires that the controlling devices (iPads, iPhones, etc.) be on the same network as the Sonos gear.The only reason this isn’t a 5 Star review is that the Google WiFi devices are larger than I like and have to be in an open area to form a solid mesh. If I were handy enough, I would mount them on the ceiling of 2 of the 3 floors. But running power to each location is slightly above my skill set.
If anything it made it worse somehow. Very confusing to guest when they came ... I bought this to help me solve my WiFi issues in my house. I tried using repeaters. They did not solve my problem. If anything it made it worse somehow. Very confusing to guest when they came over. "Which WiFi is yours?" God how I hated that question. When I saw that the Google WiFi was on sale I jumped on it. BEST DECISION EVER!!! I have had this for a about a year now and I love it! Highly recommend.
Router *will not* support 2.4 GHz only products (like most WiFi cameras). This product will not work with 2.4 GHz only devices. I have several types of WiFi cameras that work with every other WiFi router I have owed but will not work with Google Wifi. The reason is google Wi-Fi only creates a single SSID for *both* the 2.4 GHz and 5GHz channels - it does not distinguish between the two. Your 2.4 GHz device will latch onto the 2.4/5GHz SSID and the router will be talking 5 GHz and your device will be talking 2.4GHz and you will not be able to communicate with your device again until it is either hard reset or hard connected via Ethernet. I thought the proposed solution given to tech support to pass onto me was a joke. Either physically take your device outside the 5 GHz range but still inside the 2.4GHz range (you have to figure out where this is) and try to hook it up that way, or fake (reconfigure) your current router into looking like the Google Wi-Fi router, link your device to the bastardized old router at 2.4GHz and hope the google router can be swapped in and will remain on the 2.4 GHz channel. Unbelievable kludge for such a respected technology company. There are still many 2.4GHz-only devices being sold that will not work with this router - buyer beware.
HUGE upgrade We have an 1800 sq ft house and my home office is in the front part of the house and the router is in the back. Our old router was constantly going down, leaving me without wi-fi for at least 5 minutes every hour. We got the 1-pack Google Mesh router and I haven't had an any downtime in 3 days. We had 12 devices connected with 8 people staying in our house the day we got it, and still no problems. We thought our issue might have been the cable, but now it's clear it was 100% our old router. We love this router, and all of the cool tools in the app. Now to start turning off my kiddo's wi-fi at certain times...
Fast, reliable large coverage. Covers my entire house and backyard with fast reliable WiFi! Very easy to set up. Doesn’t bog down even with multiple connections. Currently I have two tv’s two iPads, three computers, two apple tv’s, four cell phones, five sonos speakers, a printer all connected with the furthest device a 1/2 acre away from the main unit. My set up has four mesh units and I think that may be overkill, probably get the job done with two.
Works OK, but I need another one to extend ... Works OK, but I need another one to extend the coverage in my small house. I thought one wifi point was enough, but I was wrong.
Easy installation and great coverage Super easy to install. The 3-node mesh system delivers excellent wifi access throughout my house. Cannot say enough about the easy installation.
Slow Performance Setup was very easy and it did provide reliable wifi. However, the performance is terrible relative to the wifi generated by the router directly. I have 1GB service and connecting to the ATT router 5G network gets 100-250MB from various places in the house. With the mesh set up it was only getting ~100 MB each way on a consistent basis. Tried a couple of tweaks but not interested in spending a bunch of time troubleshooting.
Before purchasing this set of 3 I tried a number ... Before purchasing this set of 3 I tried a number of high end gaming routers and would frequently get kicked off the network. Plug the 1st one into your internet router and the other two will mesh with it with out having to plug in the Ethernet. As each of them have two connections, the two that arn't plugged into the network can act as bridges, just plug in a Ethernet cable and a PC that doesn't have wireless is now on the same segment as the rest of your wireless devices. These things just work. Only thing I wish Google would do is give you an advanced config screen as they are a bit of a "black box"
Will solve your crappy wi-fi issues! WOW!!!!!! I am so totally impressed with these. Our house is about 4200 sf and one story so it's long and we had horrible wi-fi signal in several areas of the house, especially our Nest Cams and our Haiku fan and of course just streaming movies etc were SOOOO SLOW or buffering all the time or dropping connections.We hooked this up and over WI-FI we were getting about 20mbps when our internet speed is 300mbps + NOW we are getting 302 mbps over WI-FI!!!! It's freaking amazing!! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!! HIGHLY recommend these and totally easy to set up and use and couldn't be happier!!
Works Great, Easy Setup Once You Download The App When I opened the box, there were three nice looking routers. And, no instructions, no quick start manual. An error?On the bottom of the units, there is a website. If you go there, it will have you download an app. The app steps you through everything that needs to be done. It was really quite painless once I realized this. It would have been nice to have a bit of paper instructions which lead me down this path.Once done, the units work beautifully. Before these, we had frequent loss of internet (5-20 times a day). Since then, we've had none. I'm really happy with this purchase.
No more dead zones Works great, no more dead zones in the house. Even pushes plenty of speed to the finished basement to stream Netflix through a playstation. Simple to set up and the family controls are a great option and easy to set up the devices and accounts.
great tech support if anyone has any question or concerns looked at a lot of mesh Wi-Fi reviews, it always came back to the Google Wi-Fi, , great tech support if anyone has any question or concerns. My house is a ranch style, L shape, 2200 square feet upstairs, 1700 square feet down stairs, my coverage upstairs and downstairs is excellent.
Good for replacing small routers This is a good Wifi router. Easy way to configure it. If you have a good router in your home, maybe this product could be not exceeding the cover range in an expressive way, on the other hand, if you have a small router, this product is a good option. Also, consider that this device doesn't have USB port or additional ethernet ports if you are thinking to replace your current router.
Recommend We just purchased this so I can’t speak to the quality in the long run. That being said we love it for our newborn. The different settings for noise are terrific. Love that it’s a natural sound. Newborns are used to hearing a type of white noise in the womb so I consider this a must for new babies sleep.
Don't hesitate! After suffering through the failures of my Netgear router, I bit the bullet and paid for this system. Wow. Super easy to install and set up. Just follow the instructions in the app. Performance? My 2600 sq ft single level house has no dead spots. Fast WiFi everywhere. Even in the hot tub out back. Could not be happier.
From dinosaur land to ... I don't know about other routers out there, but man these are so good. My previous airport express was providing 0.25Mbps at the farthest place, now with these, its 50 Mbps at that spot and much higher else where. Super happy!!!
Awesome product would highly recommended Awesome product would highly recommended
It’s crazy much it’s sped up my down speeds. ... It’s crazy much it’s sped up my down speeds. I have Comcast for my area and with my old router, I was getting about 30mbps down when I’m near the router. With the google WiFi set up throughout my house, I get a maximum of 100mbps from anywhere in the house.
Easy install for the technically challenged The set up is easy-once you figure out how they work together. My house is shaped where any wifi setup is a challenge. This one does fine!
Covers the whole house and then some. Easy set up. If replacing an older system use the same name.
No more lag or buffering! We did a lot of research before buying a wifi system. This is perfect for our three level home and works great. Now we can all be on devices and not have to move around the house to find a good wifi signal, the whole house has great signal.
Easy. Quick. Worth the money. I LOVE IT. It took all of 5-7 minutes to set up. You have to have Bluetooth turned on on your phone for the initial setup - you scan in the code on the back of the device, it does something with magic and unicorns and whatever else and then it's DONE. The 2 extenders that I bought were just as easy. Maybe 2 minutes per to set up.I wish I had done this years ago. I hated the router I had, and the extenders barely got a weak signal down to the ground floor of the house. And God forbid the power went out or something got unplugged. I would struggle literally all weekend trying to get everything back online and working together. Now we have an incredible signal on all three levels. I can prioritize devices, delete access - maybe these are things that are in all mesh systems and I just didn't know it, but they're awesome.It's SO EASY and works SO WELL.
Can do with more useful features in the app Would love to see more features in the app like "Guest Self Sign-up".
Without doubt THE best Wi-Fi system! I have had difficulty getting a signal all over the house with almost all routers. The last one I tried was the Nighthawk which was supposed to be one of the top. It did not perform either. It’s as if my house sucks the signal right out of the router and absorbs it so it’s not transmitted. This is the only system I am totally satisfied with. It works plain and simple. And the amount of control that you have over your network is phenomenal!
Google failed me this time Prior to this mesh network I ran two net gears liked together and that worked, but I decided to try Google as I use the search engine all the time. That was a hug mistake as I've had nothing but problems. When contacting their help, they tell me the devices are too far apart and that a week signal to one unit is what is causing the whole thing to restart every hour. Yet their app shows signal strength good and max. I suggest going with a company that is more adept with mesh networks.
Simple set-up & lightning fast Set-up was so simple, even grandma could do it! I love the look of these orbs compared to other brands. They're very affordable (compared to other brands), modern and sleek. The mesh network is seemless, and now I can walk throughout my home with no disruption to my very fast Internet service. I have a 3K sq ft home with 2 floors, full attic and basement.
It. Just. Works. Over the years, I've used several different routers for home wifi, and most recently a rented modem/router gateway system from our service provider. Once I determined enough was enough with the monthly rental fee, it was time to determine if I wanted a combo unit or to go back to a separate modem and router. Ultimately, the separate devices won out, given that I could replace or upgrade one or the other over time as needed.I almost went back to a traditional router, but was intrigued by the mesh network idea, something that wasn't mainstream the last time I made a purchasing decision. The overwhelmingly positive reviews--here and elsewhere--of the Google system made me willing to take a risk, and I'm glad I did.Thus far, the network has performed flawlessly--notwithstanding hiccups with my provider in provisioning the modem. (So it goes.) All of the comments about easy setup from the app are spot on. It was intuitive and simple to set up my primary unit, and the app guided me through connecting the next two. Performing a network test was as easy as clicking on the screen to verify my placements worked.I spread the units out two rooms apart across one floor, whereas with my previous setup, the gateway was more or less where my "main" Google unit was, with a range extended where the furthest Google pod sits. The range extender setup was tolerable, but did not deliver great speeds, whereas with Google Wifi, I'm getting fantastic speeds, at the top of my service tier, consistently throughout the house.My setup was complete in under 30 minutes, and part of that time was considering which outlets I wanted to use, not actually setting up the devices.I do like being able to easily label devices, and the parental control/safe search feature for kids' devices (and the ability to pause, though I haven't tried that yet) from the app are welcome features. I also am appreciative that you can have more than one manager on the family account.Further, the ability to set a priority device is a nice touch. I used that while streaming a show on an Amazon Fire TV device, to ensure minimal buffering (and it worked, so far as I can surmise).Yes, the cost is higher than a traditional router, even a higher-end router. But not needing to switch manually between the two 2.4 and 5 gig networks is already a plus in my book, and the simplicity and quality are hard to argue with. I don't recall any modem or router ever being this easy to set up.A big thanks to Google for making home Wifi as simple as it should be,
Five Stars Love them. They have improved my reception 100 %. Great product.
Five Stars Very good product I recommend it to each and every one
Works as advertised. Works great! I needed some help from Rick at Google customer service. He was patient and understood exactly how to assist me. Once installed I was able to connect my devices without difficulty. My WiFi speed takes full advantage of the Comcast bandwidth and I have full coverage over our 3300 sq ft house and most of our 1 acre lot.
Great system! This is by far the best product experience I have ever had with a tech gadget. It worked straight out of the box, and was the easiest and fastest install I have ever done. The system almost installed itself! All I had to do was connect the first one, and it found the other two and added them to the system automatically. Highly recommend this to anyone. Entire 3200 sq ft house full covered with great WiFi.
Easy installation. No more manual handoffs from router to ... Doubled the WiFi speed in my house from my clunky net gear extenders. Easy installation. No more manual handoffs from router to extenders. All seamless. Great!!!
Five Stars This router changed my internet wi-fi experience drastically... it just works and does the job.
Five Stars Perfect! Easy to installSolve muito wireless problems
Five Stars Finally can cover my whole house and love the app.
I could not be happier with this router I could not be happier with this router. Super user friendly. The app is so easy to use with awesome features. My house is 1500 square feet (give or take). I have my router set up in the center of the house and have zero issues with bad signals. Highly recommend. We are “cable cutters” and stream Tv and movies now. I also enjoy online gaming. I’ve had nothing but a great experience from this router so far.
Three wireless devices link to form seamless home WiFi coverage Nicely packaged, easy to set up with a phone app, and the three devices use beam-forming to connect and provides seamless 802.11a/b/g/n/ac gigabit coverage for my house. For a router, attractive round white unobtrusive sitting on a desk. Cable management is simple. They automatically update the software. Firewall is easy to configure to open ports, enough for my home server hosting websites and some other basic network services.
Five Stars Great router best in the market, expandable units for the whole house.
Five Stars Easy set up works great...
Wish I would have bought this sooner Really happy with this. I wish I would have purchased it sooner. No more Wifi dead spots in my house
Doubled our speed So far, so good. It pretty much doubled our wifi speed throughout our house.
Easy Setup and Great Wifi Coverage in a Difficult House to Cover Setup was easy and the mesh network solved the problem of getting a signal through the house. Foil backed insulation in the floors and heavy plaster walls in this older house made it impossible to get wifi through the house with a conventional router. Ethernet over powerline units were only partially successful. This set of three pucks covers the whole house with wifi signal. It's pricy for what it is, but it solved a decade old problem.
Incredible for streaming video! Great system for house especially if your place is over 4000 ft.². The WiFi has never worked so good, from regular Internet surfing on one of the computers to just streaming video like Netflix or Hulu on the televisions, it’s a great asset to any house!
Very disappointed with performance After nearly 2 hours with Google Tech Support the unit did not expand my WiFi network. Very disappointed with performance!
It is a seamless great product that anyone can use to easily install and ... It's unfair of me to give only 4 stars for this. It is a seamless great product that anyone can use to easily install and vastly improve their wireless home coverage. This has done an incredible job improving our in home wireless coverage. It easily supports our 30+ wireless devices.My only issue is the lack of control and redundancy. It creates it's own dhcp server and integrates to my custom firewall through only one ethernet port. Two of the pods connect back through the third pod that uses ethernet.
Helpful for extending Wi-Fi coverage, no drop-off and speed detectable! I have to say that I do get better wi-fi coverage throughout my house. They seem to maintain very high speed even on the devices that are serving as repeater. I can't tell the difference in speed from the main device and the repeater devices. Overall I've enjoyed having these and would highly recommend them if you want to increase the Wi-Fi coverage in your house.
I like the app, but some devices are really flaky The functionality in the Google Wi-Fi app is great, and makes a wireless network really easy to set up and easy to diagnose. On the other hand the Wi-Fi network is incompatible with some devices, including the Moto x4 sold by project Fi. It’s possible to get things working by connecting the device to the guest network. This has been a known bug for months, and that makes me wonder if this device is going to be supported in the long run.
Impressive We bought a 3400 square foot, three story home and wanted to be sure wifi could service the entire house. The cable guy suggested Google WiFi and I’m glad I listened. Easy set up and blazing speeds with one on each floor. Highly recommended.
Five Stars Perfect, just expensive.
The Google Wifi system was extremely easy to install The Google Wifi system was extremely easy to install. It has also cleared up all of the dead spots in my house with excellent speed at all locations.
Awesome. I live in a 925 sqft townhouse with ... Awesome. I live in a 925 sqft townhouse with living area on first floor and bedrooms on the second floor. I placed google Wifi system in our living area and WiFi signal strength through out my house including bedrooms on second floor is excellent. Google WiFi app is amazing too. Quiet user friendly.
Problem solved this wifi system killed it at first 12 hours it was good speed around 50 mbps but it did reach All ... Well I have tried a lot of wifi boosters routers and they would NOT reach my man cave or far family room in my house. Problem solved this wifi system killed it at first 12 hours it was good speed around 50 mbps but it did reach All rooms . The first 6 hours it read ok signal but after about 12 it was all in the great range. I had read that it takes a day to mesh all together and it did now all rooms are in the 110 mbps and no more lagging on Netflix or on xbox live what a difference this wifi makes. The set up is painless plug in turn on and download the app that's it took about 15 mins with all the updates. The system looks great light glows showing you your service or signal I definitely am happy that I bought this and I'm sorry that I spent a lot of wasted money on other Wi-Fi extenders the penis is a new system I Give It 2 Thumbs Up
Five Stars Super easy setup. Great coverage and speeds.
Five Stars Best product ever
Mesh network is the future and these perform very well ... Mesh network is the future and these perform very well. We have 14 devices in our house across 3 levels and there are no more disconnections.
b"Great system! Got my Google WIFI system cranked up today. Man I'm so loving it. Easy peasy set up. Matter of minutes. Got full ,four bars, in the house and the shop now. Prior to this I had one to none in my shop. ??"
Cement Wall Fix The set works amazing together. We couldn’t get signal through our cement wall(or even upstairs) and needed a fix. Now everything is running smoothly- 3 phones, 3 laptops and a PlayStation that is also our cable (PlayStation Vue).
Great improvement in wifi signal I have xfinity router and modem subscribed to 350 Mbps and would hardly get 50 Mbps on wifi. Adding google wifi tremendously improved the download speed to 170 Mbps and upload to 21 Mpbs. I live in a 3600 ft home so bought set of 3 to cover the living space and outside areas.
Beautiful Experience and Performance Wow! I have struggled with various WiFi routers and extenders for years. Setup was always very manual and time consuming and the results were 60% coverage at best. It took me all of about 30 minutes to setup all three access points and the coverage and performance is phenomenal. Will wholeheartedly recommend Google Wifi to all of my friends and family!
Google WiFi: Go for it. From set-up to sign-on, this mesh system is simply incredible. It took me all of maybe 20 minutes total to set it up and have it operational. I purchased a three-unit system for WiFi in a modest sized 3 bedroom home that includes an in-law apartment over the garage. I set the master unit in the center of the house, and put one unit in the in-law apartment and one unit on the other side of the house. There's not a single spot in the house where we can't pick up WiFi, including the basement, the garage, driveway, and back patio.I've seen reviews where people complain that you have to have internet service before you can set up the product. Truthfully, I'm not sure why that is a complaint...seems that the reason to purchase this product is to set up WiFi access to your internet service. I purchased the Google system to replace an outdated WiFi router already in the house. After reading a lot of reviews on different units, I decided to go the extra dollars for the mesh system. Although I like the technical back-end setting up a router, I chose the simpler Google system set-up over that because I'm the only geek in the house anyway. What most people really want in a wireless set-up is to be able to sign on and just use their device with a strong, reliable signal.Setup involves connecting one unit to your ISP modem (ethernet cable provided) and opening the phone app, which will seek the unit using bluetooth. Once the unit is located and acquired, the app prompts you to install the next unit if you are installing more than one. Continue this way until all units are installed and acquired. That's it. Nothing more to it.Google WiFi mesh totally rocks it for signal strength and what so far has proven to be rock-solid reliability. Simple set up, simple sign-on, simple use of a phone app to manage the system (which, by the way, I can access even if my ISP drops out). The app allows set-up of a guest network as well (which is nice for visitors who need internet access occasionally, but that you don't necessarily want having access to your home network).At last count, mine is a household with 17 devices, between smart TVs, smart phones, PCs and Macs, wireless printers, and other electronic devices. There's plenty of signal strength for all of it.
Don't buy with concrete home - and that's not in their documentation. They tell you after the fact. Good - but beware if you have a concrete house. It works, but I have two hubs about 8 feet apart, but through a concrete floor and had to connect #2 (upstairs) and #3 (downstairs) with a CAT5 cable to get decent quality and even then it isn't full speed and no-one can properly explain why when they are cable connected. So for a 2000 sq foot house, that Google claims you only need 2 units, I will end up having to buy a fourth unit - or just return everything to Amazon. Still have two weeks to decide. Good way to sell more hubs Google :( Actually really nasty way to sell more hubs. Egregious.Customer support is mixed. Get through right away. First tech a week ago promised me a call back within 48 hours and never heard back. Last night I got excellent service already with multiple follow-ups but no solution yet.
Unreliable. I don’t understand all the great reviews for this system. I’ve had nothing but problems with it for over a week now. When it all works, it’s great. It seems as though connection stability is lacking, not matter how it is set up. IP cameras suffer the most from this.
Four Stars great, works well
Five Stars Solved our WiFi signal reception at home!!
I'm completely happy with system I had some real problems installing it. I technical support and connected to someone right away. The tech support person patiently walked me through the whole installation and stayed on the line until we could verify that the system was working properly. The system provides seamless WiFi throughout the house, something that has been a challenge for years and has defied every solution I tried. I'm completely happy with system. It works perfectly.
Three Stars The signal coverage is not as strong as his specification.
Easy setup - No dead zones. Easy setup. Whole house WiFi ... nice app ... clean appearance... no more WiFi dead zones.
Nearly Instant WiFi Deployment For Your House These are now widely dispersed across This Old House with great performance -- two at different ends of the house on the second floor and one in the attic, which covers the attic office and the master bedroom, which is the room under the hub. Setup is via a Google app that you download from the App Store, but you only get the link for the app after you buy the system. Each hub is controlled via a Bluetooth Link, which adds a physical layer of security if you're worried about a Russian hacker reprogramming your hub via the Internet. Bluetooth itself is a short-range standard, with a range of only about 36 ft (12m) or so, which means you have to be in or near the premises in order to access the hubs to reprogram them.One hub does need to plug into your cable modem in order to connect with the outside world. The other two can be placed anywhere you want as long as you have AC mains available. They're small and light and can be placed almost anywhere. I have two on bookcases and one discretely placed on a window sill. I recommend reading the instructions a couple of times before setup to avoid any difficulties.
Grade A: Easy to Set Up, Monitor and it WORKS! Grade A: Easy to Set Up, Monitor and it WORKS! Have a three story townhome, so having this three (3) set system is perfect. I set up one unit on each floor (the main unit on the middle floor) and then one unit on the other two. Have not had a problem since with internet spottiness (with one router only on main floor, internet used to cut in and out on the top and bottom floors). Would highly recommend for people who have multiple floors.
Two Stars It is useless when bridge mode is enabled, all of the valuable features will be disabled accordingly
No more dead zones, no more resets These just work. Expensive but totally worth it. You can even block wifi access to kids devices during certain hours!
Works great, Quick set up, but expensive I chose a cheaper mesh network against my brother's recommendation of going with Google Wifi like him... BIG MISTAKE (the one I previously purchased was not user friendly and didn't work at all)! So I ended up buying Google Wifi with my prime account and it arrived here next day--set up was only 15 minutes, and the app is required but made it super easy. All the units set up and updated themselves really quickly and I'm now getting internet about 20-30% faster upstairs and consistently in places that were sporadically before, and getting internet where there wasn't even signal. Great device, but rather expensive, so you'll need to decide if it's worth it, but after upgrading routers every other year and adding repeaters before, this setup is a lot cheaper and hopefully it'll last a few years with no maintenance.
Apple time capsule router is better than Google WiFi I'm coming from Apple time machine router family. Really wanted to ditch Apple but I'm going to stick with them for a while. I would like to share my experience with Google WiFi.Pros: very easy to installSlickSpace saverCons: speed is half with 1 wallYou might need 5 router for 8000 sq feet propertyIt runs with 5 GHz . If you have robot vacuum forget this wifi sorry Google it does not work.
Superb Range & Bandwidth We got this router because the previous one didn’t reach the entire apartment and it’s throughput was not great.This tripled our bandwidth throughput and easily reaches all corners, nooks and crannies of the apartment. Also super easy to set up.Very pleased!
Love the options Works great, love all the options.
The easiest setup imaginable Setting up the Google Wi-Fi was extremely easy. No glitches. The Wi-Fi signal is extremely good, much much better than the signal from my Spectrum router. I wanted this wi-fi point to improve the signal to my TV which is in the opposite end of the house from my Spectrum router but I really get good signal throughout the house with the Google Wi-Fi even though it is at one end of the house.
Five Stars Really great coverage across the house and also great tools to manage devices and guest access. Highly recommend.
Five Stars Love it!
Five Stars Thanks it helps my Wi-Fi a lot better
Amazing! Love it Amazing! Love it!We have had sections of the house where internet just would not reach and the signals were poor..This Google Wifi system fixed all the issues we were having. Amazingly sleek design and very efficient!We've gone through three different wifi boosters before we just decided to spend the extra bux to get the most recommended by our tech friends which was the GOOGLE WIFI SYSTEM. And my goodness we absolutely LOVE IT.
Great for managing family devices. So far so good. I'm loving the family control feature, as well as being able to manage the network via a phone app. The lack a WPS feature meant I still needed a secondary 802.11b AP for my older WiFi printer, but I know that going in.
Not strong at all!!! Did not have any power to reach my entire home. Unplugged it and put it right back in box.
This works great and tons faster than the cable modem’s WiFi Solved may problems with WiFi. Cable modem’s WiFi ways always failing. This works great and tons faster than the cable modem’s WiFi.
Five Stars Excellent and strong coverage throughout the entire house and outside. Easy to set up.
Don’t buy if you use WiFi calling I like the google Wifi interface and the ease of setup. But I have had a horrible experience with using WiFi calling on my cell phone. This appears to be a known issue with Google WiFi. I can’t recommend this product until this issue is fixed
Easy set up and works as expected Easy set up and works as expected. Great coverage and ease use. I especially like the option of the ethernet ports.
Naaa.. wish I'd sent it back. Naaa..wish I'd sent it back.
Amazing device, I went from getting 50 megabytes to ... Amazing device, I went from getting 50 megabytes to over 200 for my Wifi everywhere in my house. My plan is spectrum internet 200 megabytes.
Five Stars This is an amazing system. Totally improved our WiFi. So easy to set up as well
Couldn't be happier with this purchase Absolutely flawless setup... Couldn't be happier with this purchase. Way better choice for my wired back-haul solution.WAY better than the Orbi.. The only drawback is if you need more than 2 LAN ports at one of your access points you'll have to pair it with a cheap switch... This product was completely setup in 15 min and its blindingly fast especially if you have Ethernet ran throughout your home... Perfect Perfect Perfect!!
Not Full House Coverage Mesh system is not stable, and I'd highly recommend not purchasing item. I purchased back in September and have contacted Google support numurious times to address "weak" signal issues affecting overall Wifi performance. After hours speaking to Google support. moving devices so close to each other it makes it almost farcical to call it a house wide mesh system. I asked Google to replace units, no luck! I have reset system at least 30 times and rebuilt only to find a few weeks later it's constrained again and can't support basic web browsing, let alone streaming from Netflix. Do your research and look at alternatives.
Customer service at Amazon and Google are not helpful at all. I am having a lot of issues with this product. The device disconnect randomly from my modem. I have been working with Google customer assistance for about 1 month and the issue has not been fixed. Amazon as the middle seller should be involve in product that cost $300 or more.Customer service at Amazon and Google are not helpful at all.
THIS is the premiere solution to dead wireless spots in your home! I hate writing reviews... BUT I just got this thing the other day. Unfortunately, I did not order it from Amazon but I got it directly from the Google Store (had $100 store credit). All I can say is that I don't know why I waited so long to make this change. The Google Wifi system works flawlessly! If you have dead zones around your home, THIS is your solution. You will NOT be disappointed. Only thing that I would change, is that for bigger homes Google should consider offering a 4 pack as well. Once you get this you'll never look back.
So easy to set up and expand These work so well, had tried everything to eliminate deadspots in my house and no luck. This was the answer and now I'm enjoying internet the way it should be. So happy!
Heavens gift to technology! Let me start by saying, I FINALLY bought the Goggle Wifi after months of my husbands constant nagging nagging about how Internet sucks and the ominous glares that can end all glares. We had the DLink Sys for 9 years and our own modem. Just last year, it started acting weird and crazy. Our internet connection becoming slow with plenty of interruptions, causing us to reboot the modem and router several times a day. Add to that, movie streaming became a nightmare. I called the internet provider twice, told us everything is working fine. They checked the line, the post, the works. The problem persisted so I called the router company for a firmware upgrade which ended up useless too. After much needled research, I came upon this product and gave it a GO. And let me tell you, it is AMAZING! It takes only 5-10 minutes to set up. If you have an existing Goggle account, much better. Customizable settings, right at your fingertips. I have a 100mbps speed. Before I set up the Goggle wifi, I was running at 42 download and 11 upload. Ridiculous right? Now that the device is set up, I'm running at more than 100mbps. Continuous movie streaming has never felt so satisfying! I have a 1500 sq ft house so 1 device is enough. Super fast speed, sleek and modern design and most of all, you can add access points anytime you want. I am truly impressed! Thank God for this...now I can rest from all the nagging and glares...
Five Stars Fast shipping and safely arrived.
... devices and allowed me to manage the wireless devices better than before The WiFi device has increased the connection speed of my wireless devices and allowed me to manage the wireless devices better than before.
Five Stars Loving the signal strength and option to connect with Ethernet cable. Solved my coverage issues.
As easy as advertised Works like a champ. Easy setup.
These are great! I can now work on my back porch ... These are great! I can now work on my back porch with no issues! Love these, does what it says!
Best WiFi for Streaming TV and using internet. The Google WiFi mesh is very easy to set up and works great . I cut the cable and now I’m streaming tv without any issues. I purchased three of the and connected all three in 30 minutes.
Perfect solution for my 120' long ranch style house After trying every option we could find for spreading a strong wifi signal throughout my very long ranch style house, I ran across the Google Wifi system and thought what can it hurt to try one more thing. I set it up in under 5 minutes and I now have a full strength signal in my entire house, game room and now on my Smart TV. Best $258 I've ever spent and I haven't had to reboot anything even one time! So glad I found this system and would recommend it to anyone with a wifi signal problem. A+ product!!!
I think this is a waste of money I think this is a waste of money. It doesn't even change anything in the next room let alone through out the house.
Five Stars Name your network something cool cause your neighbor six houses down will see it.
Three Stars Started disconnecting me from my wifi connection
Really simple and good. No connectivity issues with my D-Link IP Cameras Really simple and good. No connectivity issues with my D-Link IP Cameras, Sonos, etc.Just needed two nodes to cover about 2600 sqft in my house.
Five Stars Quite reliable soho mesh network device with reasonable price
Everything working great, 6 months in Yes, yes, yes! Everything working great, 6 months in, no problems whatsoever.
Best routwr network ever Didn't buy it on Amazon but I had this since November and its an absolute god send! Best routwr network ever! Never lose connection and there is no dead spots!!! My room always was the odd one out of the house. I live in a multilevel home and everywhere had very limited to no connection once I got this system never had a problem!
Home WiFi Revolution Revolution in terms of home Wi-Fi internet! Simple to install and manage via app. Internet speed is now consistent all over the place, not only the signal. Finally a great solution is available! It definitely pays off, everyone should have one of these and stop suffering with wifi issues.
Fast, Convenient Works great in our 2.5 story home.Key pluses:+ easy setup with google wifi app+ small footprint with clean cable+ performance has been good I easily got full 250+ mbps throughout home+ works fine with mu lutron caseta bridgeDownside:- only 1 ethernet port
Superb mesh routers Google nails it with this system. Easy to install as mesh, automatically converts to wired routers. Integrated seamlessly with an eight-port switch. Signals are strong and beam-forming seems to work well.Was not excited to see administration was via an app, but it works very well, and tells me all kinds of things I didn't know I wanted to know. Caused myself a bit of confusion when I used my personal Android phone to log into a business account to set this network up, keep getting erroneous status reports until I got the phone logged back into my account and logged into the new wifi network. Guest network was easy to set up and flexible.Looks very good setting out on a counter/table, even better mounted to a wall with accessory mounting brackets and a bit of cable duct.Had 33 connected devices this morning and no problem sending a Facebook Live stream out.
Not compatible with VPN networks I liked the fact that you can control the parental settings from an app on my phone but noticed the range didn’t seem to be very effective. My router and modem is in my daughters room and in order for the Wi-Fi to work I had to keep her bedroom door open and I only have a 1300 square-foot home I also connect to a VPN for work and the Google Wi-Fi router was not compatible and I lost connection multiple times so I had to return this product
Game changer!!!!! I have many internet capable devices in my house, 4 Fire TV's, a Nvidia Shield, tablets, cell phones, Kindles, wifi speakers, etc. Although my former setup with a router and an access point did the job okay, there were times when certain things would struggle to load based on proximity or another unknown reason.I purchased this to replace my old system and have been blown away by how effective it is! I have one unit as my main router, one unit wired in my basement, and one on wifi upstairs and it has eliminated any issues I would experience. The only downside is that you will need a network switch if you are used to having many of your devices hardwired, but I picked up 2 gigabit switches for less than $50.I am extremely pleased with this setup and have recommended it to everyone!
Outstanding value, easy to set up, you're going to love it Super easy to set up and fantastic speeds
Easy setup. Blazing fast wi-fi. Excellent and easy setup for a router. It it has blazing fast wi-fi. You can't go wrong with it.
Works better than I thought I read reviews and watched videos of this and it got amazing reviews. It was very easy to setup using my iPhone. It works flawlessly. It’s by far the best WiFi on the market. I love that I can schedule the WiFi to shut off for my kids devices at night.
Works out of the box, easy setup, excellent throughput. Retired network support person here. I thought I wanted something I could enjoy configuring with pages of detailed settings, then it dawned on me, I just want something that works , and that I can easily manage my Gigabit Fiber Internet connection with.Our home has 3 wifi points, and I am getting close to 600Mbps at all 3, on wifi, and one wired connection at my main point is running at 965Mbps.I'll take that any day. Easy to set up? Ridiculously easy, even my dad could it, if he knew how to use a smart phone. Price not bad considering.
It's fantastic It's plug and play and it fully delivered what it promised.
Google Wifi - It just works. It just works. Set up 3, one for each level of the house. Saw consistent wifi performance with speed that far exceeded my expectations. I can't recommend this enough.
easy to use, awesome These are awesome. Having had many routers over the years, these are the easiest to use I've ever purchased. they just work. especially love the family functions, can press a button and cut off the kids' wifi.
Five Stars Easy to setup. Delivers as promised. Clean design. The cool light it emits is a bonus too.
Easy set up. Functions as expected. Very easy to set up. I ordered this because my old router would not turn back on after a power outage. I wanted to order a smart thermostat but I was concerned about network reliability. This works great and I like that I can access it from my smart phone.
Simply The Best From the moment the three pack arrived at my doorsteps until back online was less than 20 minutes. Our whole home is now flawlessly connected to the internet, and finally, at speeds that we have been paying for for years.Download the app before setup. It’s super simple. I highly recommend it.
Five Stars Love love love this system! Works flawlessly!
Great for larger spaces Works great in a large house! I could never get a signal in my office above my garage, this product fixed that.
My Wi-Fi SUCKED!! My Wi-Fi SUCKED!!!! For several years *not mentioning the amount of time since I never did much figure it out* I am not an IT person and I did purchase a Motorolla Panoramic Modem/Router that did "0" for an undisclosed amount.. Bumped up service with ISP to NO avail.... I have a 2k sq ft home with CAT 6 running everywhere for cameras, 2 story, etc. etc. I have had horrible Wi-Fi forever.. Spouse and I had countless arguments over reasoning so I did it! I decided to try it. (What's another $300, right?) BAM! Not only can I reduce the speed buy my Amazon TV doesn't buffer any more at a high download speed... WOW I cannot say enough of how great it feels to be "Right" when I argued this purchase and now I can watch whatever I want on my Amazon. I have cancelled my Cable TV and run antenna with Amazon and Netflix and I have not looked back since!!!! Now, although I bought the 3 pack, I gave the last one to my parents.. They are thrilled too.. Great Decision and so Happy I made this purchase. The set up was so easy, someone like myself installed it in less than 20 minutes.. I absolutely would recommend this to anyone having issues!!
Great in our cement bunker of a building We were having Wifi problems in our apartment due to thick cement walls. 4 of these have done the trick to keep us connected (especially on our tv in the back room away from the WiFi source when we wanted to watch Netflix, etc)
As advertised Simple setup, intuitive interface, and fast. 3 for 3. Took literally 15 minutes to set up end to end with primary access point and two mesh points. Used open port on FiOS provided modem/router (kept default wireless NW since I read in forums that Sonos has some issues with the Google config). Still exploring the app with additional features.
Setup and Forget It Very easy to set up. Takes 10-15 minutes to set up. You just have to remember one network name and password for the wifi. Your wifi device automatically connects to the nearest router. I like the simplicity of the setup menu. It's a seamless experience compare to a traditional router and extender setup. Although it's only 1200AC, my internet speed stays on average 100-120 Mbps of my 150 Mbps internet plan at the furthest corner of my house.
Well Worth the Cost to Get Consistently Dependable Lightning Speed Wi-Fi What a wonderful improvement. Google Wi-Fi Mesh System is easy to set up and great to use. Had been using signal "extender" before. Frequently had to reset, unreliable, slow. Spent three hundred dollars on Google Mesh direct from Google and the improvement was unbeleivable! I then purchase one more unit from Amazon on sale to improve the signal even more in a distan room of our home and that was well worth it too! All computers, smartphones, tablets etc work great at all times whereas previously I had to remind family members to disconnect from WiFi or I could not get my work done on home WiFi as it could not handle more that a handful of connected electronics. Now we sometimes have ten or more going simultaneously with nor problems and rocket like speeds of transmission!
Five Stars Stronger signal throughout the house! Eliminated all of the dead areas in my 3600 sqft home
Easy Set Up, Good Performance We are using 80 mb Xfinity internet accessed through a Motorola modem. The access point is at the front of the house on the second floor. The house is big and old -- lath and plaster throughout. Our previous setup was two Apple Express modems, a base unit at the access point and an extender downstairs. Our smart TV is downstairs at the back of the house, about 25 feet from the extender modem. We have always had problems with the Apples. The link was fast and reliable in the same room as the base unit but slow (12 mb or less) and unreliable in other rooms. Performance downstairs was always not good, but over a few weeks would degrade until unusable. I would restart the network and limp along until the next reset. We lived with this until we cut the cord and went to internet TV. At best, the TV signal would buffer every 10 minutes or so and at worst it was unwatchable until I reset the network. So. Google looked the most straightforward of the mesh networks. Installation consisted of downloading the app and following very simple step by step instructions. I did encounter one hiccup. The first of the three lines of written instructions says to install the base modem, download the app and go from there. I decided to use my network attached tablet, to keep my phone free if I had to call support, so I downloaded the app to my tablet and then took down the old network and plugged in the base unit. No joy. I had to use my phone for the setup, which was completely painless, so I didn't need to call for help. I placed one router in the back of the house on the second floor -- that bedroom had never had good service -- and the third by the TV on the first floor. Everything linked up and worked. However, the Google app didn't like the first floor connection -- said it was 'weak' and suggested I move that router closer to the base unit. I did that -- moved it about 20 feet closer and Google pronounced it good. We get consistent 30 - 35 mb download speeds everywhere in the house. One caveat -- I have not tried any advanced management features, whatever those may be. But just left to itself, the network has been up for about one week and the TV signal hasn't buffered once, so we are very happy.
Best wifi system ever !!! Full House! exceed my expectation, better than any other routers used.
Totally Painless Install, Great Mobile App The router performs well, but most impressive was the ease of installation. Download the mobile app for it (I got the iOS version), click a few buttons, and it’ll walk you through the installation of each node. The app itself, which has excellent graphics and animation, is helpful even after it is installed, as you can test network bandwidth and even see how specific devices currently hooked to the router are performing. Definitely a positive experience.
Solved my Wifi problems Awesome product - easy setup with a phone app took less than 30 minutes. My upstairs computer download speed went from 3 Mbps with the cable company router to 43 Mbps. Downstairs went from around 15 to 90 Mbps.
I love it! Everything I needed in a “router” and more!! I love it!!! Highly recommend!
Best purchase in a long time. Blown away at how easy set up was and how significant the improvement. Well done Google.
Five Stars Product was as expected.
WiFi magic! I installed this for my vet non-tech savvy parents, and it is working like magic! They’re getting 5,000 ft2 of coverage with no issues. The best thing is that I can troubleshoot via the app. I even turned down the indicator light on a device in a bedroom remotely. Since I installed it, they have had no downtime on a rural internet connection. The coverage is more than impressive. I wish Google would integrate Google Assistant in every device, only because they love their Google Home and want to utilize the commands everywhere. Setup was beyond easy; all you have to do is snap a picture of the QR code on the bottom of the first device. It’s such an easy process, you wonder what you’re missing. This is a genius device! I set up 3 of them in less than 10 minutes. I’m converting!
What a Router should be It does EVERYTHING it promises to do. This has brought connectivity to the expanse of my entire house and outside yard. Love it!
Great for a few, but not an entire household. Product was great when only a few people were logged onto it, but wasn’t capable of supporting the whole household.
Easy setup Super easy setup. No dead zones, no drop outs, no slow downs. Connects directly to the router via LAN cable; wireless does the rest. Couldn't be more impressed.
Initially loved this as it was easily supporting 250 mbps download ... Bought this product after reading multiple reviews on the internet. Initially loved this as it was easily supporting 250 mbps download speeds. As I upgraded my internet speed to 1GB, this started to cap at 450 MBPS max. I contacted Google Wifi and they did everything to see if the speeds go up. The speeds with a Cat 5 ethernet cable are close to 980MBPS so it's not a internet service provider issue. Friends suggested Orbi so planning to get that instead. Disappointed to say the least and Google claims they can support 1gb.Fresh update: Sold this and bought a Netgear Orbi AC3000. True to it's cost- it's a beast. Incredible speeds upto 1gb wireless. Loving it!
Five Stars Quick easy install for a technologically challenged person such as me.
even a knucklehead like me installed these even a knucklehead like me installed these! i have fios wifi, was only getting 10 megs even though paying for 150 megs, after installing system, i am getting 145megs throughout the house!!
This product works better than expected I have tried multiple things to extend the wifi signal in my house with very little result. This product works better than expected. I can also set limits and securities for my children who use the Wifi. Definitely worth the money
Best mesh system! Best mesh system! I have been using a Netgear extender for a number of years and it has been a headache. So I decided to go with Google WiFi. My signal is great throughout my house. The setup was easy and it has a lot of features.
Google made a big mistake and didn't fully test Every other day it goes offline! When I call Google Tech Support for the fifth time in a week all they do is put you on hold while they are searching their data base for their fix.TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!!
Five Stars Works great all over the yard and house
These took my home wifi to another level. I ... These took my home wifi to another level. I have a 1600 sq. ft. house and I'm using two pods and that's plenty. One would have been enough but the furthest room needed a boost in signal so I used a second one. Sold the third so it ended up being cheaper that buying two single units separately.
Awesome!! One word. Awesome!!!
Highly impressed... very easy to setup and maintain This is the router and system that I've been hoping to see come out for many years. Not only is the hardware well designed; the amazing part is the software overall and ease of setup. I was up in running in no time and the Google Wifi app steps you through each step. The app is also amazing, I was able to easily group my childs devices together and set a time when they can't connect to the internet. Last night was the first night using this feature and it worked perfectly. I'm highly impressed...
Easy to set up Well designed and actually pleasing to look at - a big step up over the typical router.Easy to set up, especially if you have an iphone.Good performance - both in bandwidth & in coverage area. Using only one of the three routers in the set easily covers my entire living space & then some (appx 1000 sq feet).
I’m sure it works just fine as long as the app is available I couldn’t try it because the app you need for it to work is not available un South America (Ecuador). We were not advised we needed an app before purchasing the item. I’m sure it works just fine as long as the app is available.
Five Stars Tried, orbi, netgear extenders and this one made a whole lot difference. Tech support team very helpful.
Don't wait any longer! Set up took only a few minutes and we now have great wifi reception around our 2-story home with no dead spots! We have Frontier Fios, so I connected one unit directly to our Fios router and situated the other two units around our home. Then I used the wifi name and the same password as our Fios router so I did not have to reset any devices to link to the Google wifi system. Next I just had everyone turn their device wifi off and on then select the same network as they usually do. That in itself saved so much time as we easily have 20 devices. Would definitely buy this again - it could not have been simpler.
Worth every penny. Google Wifi does a fantastic job of covering my house. So easy to set up and flawless performance. I recommend them to anyone who asks.
FINALLY! I’ve been fighting with various repeaters and wiring ... FINALLY! I’ve been fighting with various repeaters and wiring and blah blah blah for almost 2 years. I finally have functional internet in the guest house. You can even do some gaming with a couple of friends over the WiFi. I could barely get a signal for Netflix before! Sooo excited! I am connected to the outside world again!!
These wifi extenders work excellent better than the xfinity modem that apparently does or ... These wifi extenders work excellent better than the xfinity modem that apparently does or its supposed do the same thing, I am able to get wifi in areas that I would have never been able to get wifi on. There is a small issues, when in my backyard and I closed my sliding glass doors I seem to lose signal.
Works great in my house! I purchased two of these and they are working great! I had tried a D-Link range extender which did not work for my house. And I was tired of my computer not being able to find the printer on a random basis. Or Roku not being able to connect. I have not had any Wifi problems since getting the Google Wifi system.
Five Stars Easy to install. Good coverage
Five Stars Very cool system, extremely user friendly and simple to set up and configure
It works wonderfully. Using one of them as a wifi point ... It works wonderfully. Using one of them as a wifi point out in the garage. We've finally got wifi out there.
Exceeds expectations Although a little overkill, I installed the 3-pack in my 1,300 sq ft house and have maximum performance everywhere. Setup was easy and the performance is consistent throughout the home in places my old Linksys couldn’t reach.
Three Stars Not what I required...
Saves a lot of cursing at your network. Looks cool. A must-have. I have Xfinity internet and have been wrestling with it since we built our house. I would say over half the time, we ended up turning off the wifi on our phones in order to do anything (easier to do over 4G). We couldn't stream anything in our living room (over the TV or the Blu-Ray). Our router placement had to stay where it was due to - well - life. I had been researching mesh networks, but decided to get a cheaper range extender first. I threw that away after a week. After arguing with Comcast for the third time, I finally just bought this system when it went on sale.I'm really mad I didn't buy it earlier. I was stunned at the ease of set up, and somehow even more stunned at its effectiveness. Today was the first time I could sit in my dining room and use wifi. And not just use it - but my phone felt like it was brand new because it was functioning so quickly.The app is really nice to use - makes all the features that Xfinity advertises much more accessible. Xfinity says you can pause the internet, but it takes like five minutes to get there. Google - it's there within seconds. Much better access to individual devices as well. Additionally, the ability to prioritize devices is key when you have people working from home and need reliable network access.And - a small but notable thing - they look really cool. I do not mind them sitting out in my house. It fits right in among my living room Sonos set up while also fitting in with my master bedroom décor.
Google WiFi 3-pack I really like this Mesh solution. I've had any number of different networking solutions in my home, and so far this is the only one to give me comprehensive coverage. Plus, it is easy as pie to set up. No complaints at all!!!
Super easy system to setup Super easy system to setup. I use it to connect my "Ring" and "Nest" systems and to ensure I have internet throughout the home.
Requires iOS or Android. Can't setup using browser! Can't set up this router using a PC. WTF???Would not have purchased had I known earlier. This needs to be clarified during purchase.
Recommend Without Hesitation 22 year IT guy that has had more routers and setups than I can count over the years. These perform extremely well. Did 3 nodes in a 2300 sq-ft single-story sprawled out house with a lot of rooms & interior walls (6 bedroom, 3 bath, in laws suite, kitchen, dining room, family room, living room). One is in the basement roughly centrally located, the other two are on the ground floor at opposite ends of the house. 5 bar strength everywhere, on all devices, in all rooms, at all times, without fail. Can stream 4k and HD without issue on a 4k smart TV, a 1080p smart TV, 4 Chromecasts, 1 Chromecast ultra, an Amazon Fire box, and an Amazon Fire stick spread throughout other older 1080p TVs spread around the house and garage.Also, extremely easy to set up and use with the Android app, including a guest network, passwords, speed tests, prioritizing devices, seeing everything connected, checking the status of all the nodes, turning the light up/down/off, etc.Have recommended to three different critical/discerning co-workers, all three have reported similar success.
Strong Signal Everywhere! Do yourself a favor and buy this set! No blind spots anywhere, big house and strong signal everywhere, even by the pool!
Horrible coverage Wanted to like this. Bought on the strength of the positive reviews. Wi-Fi coverage was horrible, only worked in the room I set it up in. Bedrooms on the same floor had no coverage, thought I was missing something in the setup, got on phone with tech support, setup was correct, sending unit back.
Best product in its class I’m a network engineer by trade. I was curious about this product so I installed it for my parents. And to be fair I have installed other home mesh systems orbi and others. This system is the best! no contest. Great coverage per access point, wireless or wired back haul channels. Fully featured for port forwarding and firewalls Fully configured on the app.
Incredible performance! I have a 2000sqft house with concrete interior walls. Wi-Fi nightmare to say the least. My internet is 200mbps but I was only able to get 26 mbps in the living room, even with a range extender. So I decided to give the Google Wi-Fi a shot. First of all, I was able to install all 3 points in less than 15 mins. Install is so simple, anyone can do it.Now I'm getting 130mbps in the living room and every other room in the house as well. I highly recommend Google Wi-Fi!! It has solved my Wi-Fi issues. Buy it, you won't regret it!
Will give you better WiFi!! Hand down one of the best purchase I have made!!! You actually get better WiFi signal than what you pay for!!!
Firmware kills WiFi download speeds These things worked amazing when first got them.Sometime in November Google installed new firmware that reduced the download speeds to between 50-70Mbps regardless of what speed you get from your ISP.This is happening in many countries around the world, yet Google will take no responsibility for it and 4 months later they still won't say anything.Check out the Google WiFi forums for more info.
Better solution for wifi Finally a simple wifi solution with an easy interface to manage it. Way better than traditional routers, WAY BETTER!
Great product Simple to set up, works great. Full Wifi coverage in my house
Strong and reliable signal...very satisfied! Extremely easy setup with the mobile app and Wifi signal is very strong throughout our entire 2000 sq. ft home (went with the 3 pack). If you’re looking for a reliable, strong signal this is for you. Doesn’t have all the bells and whistles as a gaming router, but I don’t need any of that. Still can do family monitoring, guest WiFi, port forwarding, DHCP reservations, UNnP and standard/bridge. We recently cut the cable and upgraded our internet so I needed strong WiFi and this delivered. Couldn’t be happier!
I like these overall but be aware if you have cameras ... I like these overall but be aware if you have cameras or other items that are 2.4g they more than likely will not work. A big disappointment in this regard. Support does not offer a work around for this either???
Five Stars ease of seeing up was amazing. Nice job Google!
User friendly The Google Wifi app is the best app I have ever used for setting up Wi-Fi.
Local Network Speed and Internet Speed throughout the house I am really happy with the product. Since month I try to have quick internet everywhere in my house, and, even more important I tried to find a solution to use my Plex Server in a way that I can look the movies which I have on my hardisks in Blu- Ray - Quality. I tried a lot. With d-Link Powerline 1000 Mbits devices, for example. But it just did not work.I always had to reduce the quality to a much lower level to play the movies. And I was mad of the lags I always had.This morning I received the Google Wifi system. I installed it, and I am blown away. First of all, I have now everywhere in my house 100 Mbit download speed, really everywhere. In the basement, in the bedroom and of course in the living room. But even more important. I can watch now via my Apple TV or my Samsung SmartTV over Wifi the movies in original quality. Without lags. Fantastic. And what is also just great. At each of the small and pretty units you can plug in two devices which do not have Wifi. (Except the one unit which is connected to the Cable Box. There, only one plug is free for a device.
Not only does Google's WiFi system solve all those problems but it really puts me in command of my network like never before I have 7 kids and everyone has WiFi devices: tablets, phones, tv's, and laptops. My house also has 3 floors and connectivity has always been a problem. Not only does Google's WiFi system solve all those problems but it really puts me in command of my network like never before. I can see who's online, name each device, set access schedules, give my device top priority, and see how much bandwidth every user is pulling down. And I can do everything remotely from my smart phone. I love it. And I never have to restart it.
Best Investment This works well. I have a 3300 sq ft building and it is two stories. This is great because the set up was pretty simple and there is an app to check on the system. You can reset and change things, so easy to use. Recommended this for my FIL because he was having strength issues at his home and office. Works great.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT The firewall blocks ALL VOIP actions. Your conversations on SKYPE or any other VOIP devices is going to be choppy. Google has implemented a harsh firewall that makes this product impossible to use. I have been on the phone and email with Google for over a month and the problem has yet to be resolved. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT.
Great system Love this system. The app allows you to see if anything is off or if one unit isn’t working.
Best mesh wifi system I have used yet Best mesh wifi system I have used yet. Was using a Samsung mesh system, and it was terrible. Would recommend this system to anyone looking for good wifi though out their house. Seamless handoffs between hubs.
Now getting 120 mbs and up everywhere! I have a 2500 square foot single-level house, plus 2 car garage, L-shaped, with a brick exterior, and a large brick wall in the middle that encloses two fireplaces (wifi doesn't like brick). The download speed from my ISP is 150, and it comes in at one corner of the house. I wanted to get wifi coverage to the far end of the house, and to an RV at the far end of the house where overflow family/friends often stay (wifi also doesn't like metal). There are about 20 wifi devices in my home. I had a netgear nighthawk router and extender that provided good coverage to half of the house, and poor coverage to the rest (slow speed, connection often dropped), and you can't daisy-chain the extenders. The google wifi solved the problem, and for a much more reasonable price than other router systems. I now get a download speed of 120 and up everywhere on the property, including in the RV. The best feature is that you add one unit to the modem, then you can add as many as you need in any configuration you need to get the coverage and speed you want (you don't have to do a "satellite" configuration like the Netgear Orbi, which wouldn't have worked for my home, and costs twice as much). Three units covered my home. Each unit has two Ethernet ports, and the one next to the modem is taken up by the modem. That only left one port for the equipment in my office that I wanted to connect with a wired connection, but an Ethernet switch solved that issue. It was quick and easy to set up, and I got a quick response from the chat feature on the app for the one question that I had. I also like that the units are small and unobtrusive. Each unit has a light that tells you that it is working, but there is an option to turn the light off. The directions say to place the units no more than 30 feet apart, but mine are about 50 feet apart and working great (they might recommend closer, because how far apart they can go depends on how much interference there is between the units). I often shop from Amazon, but this item I purchased at BestBuy because their sales staff was so informative when I was trying to figure out what to do solve the wifi coverage problem. I didn't have any problem connecting devices to the network, but I don't have any ios (apple) devices.
Fast and easy! Excellent so far. The hardest part about setting this system up was getting the wraps off the power cords! 150 Mbps throughput which exceeds the speed of the cable modem!No more buffering!!!
the iOS app doesn't let you modify groups and we couldn't configure all 3 devices Our home internet has a Comcast modem/router (with WiFi) in the center of the house. Next to the modem/router we have a 16 port Netgear switch as we have devices in the house that need to be hard-wired to the network. These devices included a desktop computer, a network printer, a Philips Hue base, Samsung SmartThings hub and a Western Digital MyCloud. The Apple TVs, Amazon Echo and Dots, the Nest Protect (2) and Nest Thermostat and some WiFi power outlets are configured to use the Comcast WiFi and may get moved to the Mesh when/if it starts working and then only if there is a real need to get it off the Comcast WiFi. The Comcast router is setup to give out 10.0.0.x IP numbers and some devices (such as the printer and the WD MyCloud) have static IP numbers assigned to them so they can always be found.Reading up on the Google Mesh and TP-Link Deco before buying seems to indicate that the best results come from using Ethernet cable to connect all three units. This allows "backhaul" of data between the Mesh units. From a network administration background, this makes sense. So I planned to run network cables from the North and South end of the house to the center where the Comcast internet connection is currently located.We bought the Google Mesh 3-pack from Amazon. Setting up the first access point was simple and easy after downloading the app to my iPhone, It even lets me use my existing Google account to logon to the app. We plugged the Mesh point into the Netgear switch. I connected my iPhone to it and things looked good.We added the second Mesh point easily, it was not hard-wired to the network, it was just feeding off the WiFi from the first unit. It is at the North end of the house. We started putting more devices on the new WiFi and life was good! Devices that had poor WiFi now had good solid WiFi. We also started working on running Ethernet cable for the 2 Mesh points that were not near the incoming internet modem/router. When we hooked up the cable to the first access point in the master bedroom we couldn't see any change in the App. It didn't tell us if the Mesh point was hard wired or only using WiFi.We ran the network cable for the 3rd Mesh unit, it is going in the South end of the house. If we left the cable unplugged we could configure the device but when we plugged the cable in, the app wouldn't see it. That's when I noticed the 2nd unit had a blue light that indicated it wasn't setup. After several attempts to configure things I discovered that only one of the remote Mesh points (one being the primary point) could be configured and active at one time.The Google app also seems to suck, at least the iOS version. I could create a group and put devices in these groups. I can then prioritize or suspend a single device or a group of devices. But once I created a group and assigned devices to it, I couldn't add new devices to an existing group. There are a few devices I'd like to permanently give priority to, but priority and suspending both have automatic time limits. The app also showed that the Google Mesh was giving out IP numbers in the 192.168.x.x network range. this means anything connected to the Google Mesh can see the 10.0.0.x devices, but the 10.0.0.x devices couldn't see anything connected to the Mesh. The Mesh is working as a router, DHCP server and doing NAT and I couldn't change this in the App.We returned this and bought the TP-Link Deco system and that seems to work much better.We bought both items with my husband's email address (the same Amazon Prime account) so it looks like I didn't buy it, but we did.
Possible one of the units could have issues I had purchased a Google wifi set of 3! A month or so into the use one of the units conked off and refused to get online again. Tried everything including Google support but there seems to be some hardware issue. Now that the return window is not existent I cannot even get a replacement.
Good product but not the best one The installation process designed to be friendly to the user but the reality is a little bit differentI had some issues during installationThe management app is still missing a few features for my opinionThe user can’t control whitch network he is connecting to ( 2.4 /5)The design is great for my opinion and I put the unit in the middle of my living room with no problemThe Wifi is not the strongest one I saw maybe it’s because the unit is only 2*2 and not 4*4
Love this! Worth every penny Love this! Worth every penny. You are able to see all the devices connected to it. You can see how much data each device is using, pause the wifi so the device can't be used, and set a certain device to take priority.
It truly "just works" Works exactly as it should. Look, Google WiFi doesn't have the settings for those who like to tweak and fiddle. But, it trades that off with just working like a router should. Ours is configured as a second router in a mesh with a TPLink OnHub and the Google WiFi app set them up with no issues.The two are on opposite sides of the house and now we have fast wifi everywhere, on PC, Android, Mac, and iOS devices. They're further apart than Google recommends, but I was able to play trial-and-error moving the second unit around until it had a strong signal to the primary router.
All is working fine, no problem with wifi I had a massive problem with wifi in my house. I bought Linksys WTR3200ACM with large antennas, and it did not work. Next, I added wifi extenders - the same problem. After it, I purchased another wifi router and made a bridge both. Still had a problem with wifi strength. Finally, I bought Google Wifi and Eureka!!! All is working fine, no problem with wifi, speed, etc.
Five Stars Instantly Boosted my WiFi with an Easy Setup....
3x Faster Speeds compared to fios router This system 3x improved our wifi speed. We live in a 600sqft studio in NYC and were having a lot of interference on our verizon router causing deadzones and reduced speed even in such a small space. We "pay for" 100/100 speed but were only getting between 30 and 40 download on our version router. Now were consistently getting close to 100 in every spot in our apartment. The added features of the application are a nice plus, as well as the small unit and clean design.
I have had the mesh system running for several weeks ... I have had the mesh system running for several weeks now. A big improvement over my previous Airport Extreme with Express extender setup. I have consistent 100mb download (my provider max) all through my house and even out to a small patio about 50 ft from the house.
They work absolutely wonderful. I am 64 years old and these were a piece of cake to hook up . They work absolutely wonderful .
Once you get it setup....it works like a dream! Fantastic, I replaced two wireless routers and 3 repeaters with the 3 pack of Google Wifi and can now stream video anywhere inside and outside (didn't reach before) the house. I will say that the setup is not so clear and each time it seemed getting the new Google WiFi router added was a different process. I eventually got them all online, but I don't still don't know the steps. They could improve the documentation and app steps to make it more clear/easy.
Mega retail came through on behalf of google Product worked perfectly when it arrived but within a month, one of the pods stopped working. Troubleshooted all of the recommendations and Google agreed that one of the units was faulty and that they would ship a replacement. Replacement works with no issue thanks to mega retail store managing the return. A+ customer service. Highly recommended.
Surfing safari These have made a world of difference. I had been thinking I was going to have wire my house up with twisted pair but with three of these spread around to get wifi everywhere everyone is happy as a clam.
Five Stars It does what it do.
Five Stars Works as advertised.
Five Stars Easy setup and provides excellent coverage on all three levels of my house.
very good product, faster wifi around our house bought these to extend our wifi reception in the basement and upstairs. After putting in the basement, or wifi router is on our main floor, the internet speed increased and we were able to finally check email and the amazon firestick on the basement tv finally works because we have a signal. Increased speed upstairs as well.
Slow speeds and weak distance Normally wouldn’t write a review, but inclined to do so. This system is terribly worse than 1 Apple AirPort Extreme. With the router positioned next to my Apple TV, speed went from 260mbps to 35mbps with Google. That was the first sign of trouble. Absolutely insane how much slower this router is. Proceeded to place a second node ~20ft away and did a test; results were weak signal. I am just floored by the false advertising and poor performance of this product. A single Apple AirPort Extreme covers our 3 story place better way better than this
Easy to Set up and Great coverage I had a Google Asus OnHub with about 26 devices but I would often have my internet just stall on my phone even though the WiFi stayed connected. I purchased these 3 Google WiFi points and kept the OnHub as the primary and I had less issued but any time I was connected to the OnHub I would still have problems. I decided to remove the OnHub from the mesh and start over. Unfortunately you have to reset all the devices and set them up from scratch again. I wish there was a way to save your config to make a restore possible. I kept the WiFi SSID and password the same and I didn't have too many static IP's so it wasn't too bad to start over. Ever since I removed the OnHub my internet has been working great. My phone connects to the closest WiFi point and I have full bars all over the house. I like that you can plug 2 devices into the WiFi points that are not the primary, I have one in the living room and I was able to plug my Philips Hue and SmartThings hub into it. I haven't hardwired the mesh nodes and it is working really well so far. I use smart plugs, cameras and home automation hubs and everything is working great.
b'Five Stars Great, made all the difference in the world, recommend it.!????????????'
Easy set up It just works. Easy set up, and super fast. Great coverage too.If you have comcast / xfinity, google 'how to use google wifi with comcast router.'The articles tell you to put the comcast router in 'bridge mode,' and describes how to do that.Would be nice if google home, google wifi, and a modem were combined into one product. Simplify things...
Stop resetting your router! I purchased this product several months ago from a local store due to my router going out on me during finals week at the end of my fall term. I have had this router for 3+ months now and just this morning had to do a reboot on our internet due to my modem acting up (thank you mother nature). I can't speak highly enough about this router. Ease of installation and ability to monitor and change settings from the app on your phone is great, although logging into a router via IP address has never been a confusing process for me. We are a modern household with with two phones, computers, and tv's that do lots of streaming and have had zero issues with lag. Highly recommend!!!
Easy to set up. Very easy to set up and providing good internet speed throughout the house.
Google Mesh WiFi really works!!!! Amazing!!!! We have so many wireless devices at our home and we're having issues with devices dropping from the network. Google Mesh WiFi completely eliminated all the frustration. The system is really easy to set up
Five Stars Excellent for Barracks
Five Stars A modern router for Google/Android users. Superb.
Really love this device it work and run a lot fast ... Really love this device it work and run a lot fast than my last router and it saves a lot of space as well
these work great! I have 3 set up throughout the house ... Despite some initial issues with ISP and router, these work great! I have 3 set up throughout the house and I haven’t had any issues my Internet since I fixed the router issue in January. Highly recommend!
great router I originally bought the three pack, but because this is so small and doesn't look like a robot spider, I was able to put one in the center of the house. There's not a dead spot in the house. I get 175-250 Mbps throughout the house. The router is always up to date, it's easy to set up a guest network with shared chromecast devices so that guests can cast music or videos without downloading extra apps. It's really nice
3 hours on chat with customer service just to set ... 3 hours on chat with customer service just to set up. Forget that 10 minute set up they advertise. Does not work for multiple floors
Yes Good product from a good company Just received it. Had a few issues installing so called support which is on the phone app. Support was great. This mesh is a great idea. My wifi was constantly getting interrupted and slow. This new google system is terrific. I recommend it.
Greatest thing since sliced bread... After years of trying to get a better wifi experience at home from my xfinity wifi router and dealing with network extenders, access points, multiple wifi networks, and ongoing issues getting wireless devices all working in harmony, I finally decided to give this solution a shot. And I have to say that so far, it's been amazing. The difference in speed on both wifi and wired devices is a vast improvement over what I was getting with the xfinity router. I am getting a rather unbelievable 179 Mbps download rate over wifi now, compared to the previous rate which was generally no better than around 20 Mbps on 2.4 gHz network and around 80 on 5 gHz network. However, given that the range of the 5gHz wifi network from the xfinity device is about 15-20 feet, it's virtually useless anyway. Now, coverage throughout my house is at full strength, and one network to rule them all. Setup was very easy and trouble free as well. Absolutely worth it IMO.
Five Stars Best router I ever used
which can be annoying for some We received this as a Christmas present from my mom. It's absolutely dead-simple to set up and use. It just works. I've been using wi-fi routers and powerline adapters since 2003. While we don't have a huge house, it's a townhome, which means the HVAC snakes around all three floors--lots of potential for wifi headaches. The Google system helped to clean out a lot of home networking "debris." The only downside I can see is having to have a gmail account, which can be annoying for some. But if you have fairly straightforward networking needs, this is a winner.
Fantastic - easy setup with App( even for this old ... Fantastic - easy setup with App( even for this old geezer) and mesh covers the whole house with great speed. Highly recommend.
Awesome.. easy and fast setup Awesome.. easy and fast setup. Worked perfectly on my two-story home. Had five devices streaming at the same time with zero lag.
Excellent great Wi-Fi system! Coverage and reliability is great.
really easy to set up really easy to set up. works like a dream - the app has great functionalities and is a joy to use.
Speed and Coverage all over the dang house I think I’ve written like two reviews ever. Definitely less than five. It has to be something really, really bad or really, really good.Let me assure you, this product is really, really, REALLY good. Setup took just minutes. The app walked me right through it. No guesswork about any of it. And once setup was complete I had allllll of the speed I had been paying for all along but never getting with my router. And setting speed aside, we now have a full signal everywhere in the house.Seriously, I have become semi-obsessed with running speed checks because I am so happy with the numbers I am getting. I would go on TV and sell this product. It is awesome.So thank you for the product. It was worth every penny.
Five Stars The best. Solved my home WiFi problems.
Loved it so much Loved it so much, I bought another. Now I have full coverage throughout the house and no need to fuss with anything. Simple and effective
simple as 1-2-3 Wow! easy to install and works beautifully. cannot recommend it enough. Get this to increase speeds on your network, control user devices and add guests to your wifi as simple as 1-2-3.
Solid connection, great coverage Most stable and reliable internet and WiFi I've ever had. And I've been through a lot of routers.
Four Stars Some few times cuts off but in general excellent router
So far, so good. So far, so good. Holding off 1 star because sometimes it seems the signal weakens for no reason. I'm pretty sure it isn't in my setup but it's hard to ever be certain with wifi.The overall experience is very good.
Great product, easy to install After doing a heat-map on my wifi coverage, i have ZERO dead zones in my house now. This includes the upstairs and the basement. Great product, easy to install, and the Google web filter for my kids group devices is def a plus.
This may be the best electronic device I've ever purchased from Amazon This may be the best electronic device I've ever purchased from Amazon.com! When ordering it, I was expecting something that would take me a lot a lot of time to setup and calibrate. Then surprisingly, I only took me less than 10 minutes to get it running! 3 of them covers my 4500 sqft house very well, with 2 downstairs and 1 upstairs. I even got strong wifi connection in the yards!
Cuts bandwidth in half First, let me start off by saying this product seems solid is easy to install, management is a breeze and it spreads the wifi signal in our house better than anything we have tried. I have tried repeaters, mesh extenders and have always been disappointed in coverage.That said, it has one fatal flaw. It SIGNIFICANTLY reduces your wifi signal. I verified this with some online video reviews after I noticed the issue. Realistically, my home has about a 47 Mbs connection from the ISP. That's the download speed I get from my wifi near the old wifi router. With Google Wifi, I get 25 Mbs or about half my available bandwidth near the primary access point. Both of the secondary access points product only 10 Mbs or less than a quarter of the original speed. Positioning the access points is an important factor and the access points test themselves during setup and tell you if they need to be moved. Google wifi access points said they are in a "great" position.While these are solid devices, I want to be able to access the speed I am paying my ISP for.Update: I just bought and installed the Eero mesh devices that are very similar, but about $100 more than these Google devices. I now get the highest speed possible across my entire house. It is well worth the extra money to me.
Great mesh network Great mesh network, but not perfect. Coverage is really great as each node has pretty powerful wifi radios. However, the fact that there is not a dedicated radio for backhaul means speed will suffer unless you run a physical cable. The reliability, coverage, and ease of use sort of outweigh the technical limitations for me. I wish there was a web interface for configuration, but at least the app is reasonably well designed. All in all it's an extremely functional, attractive, and affordable alternative to overpriced mesh systems from Netgear or Linksys.
Works great and was easy to set up following step by ... Works great and was easy to set up following step by step instructions provided on the App. Did not need to call for help. From now on this is the only router I will recommend, it beats every repeater/ extenders I have had in the past.
Great product. Great product... I had to hook each extra puck up to the main before moving them throughout the house (in order for the mesh to work... it kept saying the puck was too far even if I tried in the same room) but once I figured that out they worked perfectly! Great Wifi strength through the whole house.
Easy setup. Works exactly as advertised Easy setup. Works exactly as advertised.
Four Stars helped some
best ever owned best wifi ever owned, easy to use and install, great on safe web browsing
My teenager doesn't like how easy it is to pause WiFi to specific ... My teenager doesn't like how easy it is to pause WiFi to specific devices, even remotely.It is Great!Also easy to set a device for priority. Handy when a gaggle of teenagers are all trying to stream on their phones and you want to watch Netflix.
Awesome These things are awesome. Tripled my speed from what I was getting from my ISP modem/router. I wish I would have came across these sooner. Quick and easy setup. Would recommend to anyone looking to extend router range
Works in network with old routers Good Solid router. I am using my old routers netgear and DLink as Access points and everything is working fine. The speeds are incredible. I subscribe for 150 mbps but I get 180 mbps through Comcast. Your speed also depends on you pc or mobile devices if they can support N and AC. If not it is not the routers problem.
Week signal, slow set up, and one of the three devices was defective I was thoroughly disappointed with this product:1. The set up processes was too slow. The app spent a lot of time "looking for device" and "connecting".2. One of the devices was defective and I could never connect even after calling tech support.3. The devices have to be too close to work and therefore ineffective for my house. The app read "best results when no more than two rooms between devices". During set up I found that the only other working device that I could get working had to be placed in the next room, barely 20Ft away. With that weakness in the "meshing" it basically renders the system useless as I would have to have at least 5 of them in my house to reach both ends of it.4. Needless to say it is very poor value for the money. I'm returning it for a full refund.
I like it It was easy to set up had a netgear before but signal drop it work pretty good was hesitant a bit pricy but i must say is fast......i was shock i was able to set it up pretty happy with new router calling cable company dropping the price of my internet i think with this router is going to make it work faster.
Five Stars Very easy setup, good performance and smart looking not to mention a smart value.
b'Best router ever! Excellent router! Cannot be happier! We used to have to restart our router all the time but never have to with this one. The thing is so easy to setup with iPad app. Setup quick and easy and the thing just works!Other cool thing is it is a dual band router (2.4 and 5g) but you only have one SSID to connect to. It figures out which band to use based on its own preference algorithm.If you like plug n play n forget this router is for you! Also has some cool features like pause internet connection and limit bandwidth based on device. Allot of that stuff.In any case I am super happy with my purchase! ????'
Five Stars Works well
Five Stars Nothing better, 1 covers my whole house and yards. So fast amazing features.
Five Stars These work great for me. Easy to setup.
Great Routers for two story homes Worked very well to get wifi throughout our two story house.
Five Stars Easy setup
Great for large, long homes with multi levels We had an Orbi system we bought from Best Buy that was erratic at best. I bought this system to replace the Orbi and planned to run Ethernet cable from the main router to a far away location. Good news - it wasn’t necessary as we have great wireless coverage throughout our large and multi level home. This is a great system.
Recommended. The first time I can say that I have house-wide coverage in my tri-level home. I have tried extenders, expensive routers, etc for the last 10 years and finally got a system that works consistently. Recommended.
Five Stars Fantastic Wi-Fi cover the entire house, very well made.I recommend it.
Five Stars Extremely easy to set up in no time!
Easy, powerful and connected Why did I wait so long, oh yeah, for a lower price. The mesh works great and no more complaining about getting weak internet or getting kicked off the net. Mesh rules other systems drool. Easy set up, powerful signal and it's google
Super wifi. However the set up in Thailand is ... Super wifi. However the set up in Thailand is troublesome because as of today March 18 the AppStore in Thailand does not provide the client with the requested app.
Five Stars Good range. No outages. But then I'm sure if there were outages, the NSA'd complain.
Probably won't work if you have an ATT Uverse gateway When I first set up the wifi points, the installation was relatively painless. It worked for about 12 hours with improved wifi speeds. Then, despite long sessions with technical support from both Google and ATT Uverse, we couldn't get the router/modem to even recognize the Google wifi. Searching online, I found that many ATT Uverse customers had problems (the Uverse gateway modem/router seems to be the culprit). Some who are more technically adept that I am might get it to work, but do your research..
Very Easy to Setup Absolutely Love the product. My previous router lacked the coverage needed for a 2 story home. The google WiFi provides coverage throughout the entire house eliminating dead zones.The Google WiFi was easy to setup and took no longer than 30 minutes to be up and running. I would recommend this product to other users.
Five Stars Easiest router setup ever.
Wither you're technical or nontechnical this product will work great for you. Absolutely love this product. So easy to use and the software features of the application are THE BEST. I can see who's using the bandwidth and I can pause my kids devices if they get punished. The coverage is great and the speeds are great. I think Google nailed it with this. My only complaint is that I can't set the IP addresses my network uses which bothers me but isn't that big of a deal. Guest network can be setup and you can choose devices to allow guests access to like your TV so they can stream to your chrome cast without having access to the rest of your network. Wither you're technical or nontechnical this product will work great for you.
Have Google Fiber but needed better range. Google Wifi is Fantastic Have Google Fiber but needed better range. Google Wifi is Fantastic!! Easy to set up and extends range and reliability.
Worked for a year and now it's a tragedy This is SO PAINFUL as this system worked PERFECTLY for an entire year before crapping out. I bought 3 when they first came out and Christmas 2016. 2017 was lag-free perfection and my kids were so happy to be able to game upstairs, 3 at a time, with no lag and no issues. Last year around November or so, a big update came out that changed all of that. No I can't ever get the 3 routers to connect to each other for more than 2 days. I have tried for weeks to get help from Google's highest tech help to no avail. They keep trying to blame my Surfboard modem when it is clearly their software. So after 1 year, I am shopping for another mesh system. But it will never be Google. It's such a shame because it really did work when it worked. When it didn't, it was over. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the three routers. They just can't connect to one another and stay connected.
Great product easy to setup and use. Great. Easy to setup and use. Has the functionallity I was looking for, to shut down devices on the network when kids won't listen and to also set schedules. Very similar to the Comcast router and functions. I only have one unit but have no problem supplying my entire home. 3500 sqf and 3 levels, I just put it on the first floor and have good connection and speed both upstairs and in the basement.
Five Stars great way to expand the wifi through out the house
I have a issue and tried to set up a ... I have a issue and tried to set up a time for the tech to come back as the volume will not work past a certain area and is was working when he leftPlease call to set up another time 219-669-5519
This thing is amazing. I did a lot of research on the ... This thing is amazing.I did a lot of research on the internet ,comparing the different types of mesh network and was worried that I might not get the performance of others .I have been using it one day now and it has exceeded my expectations.I live in a 3 bedroom apartment in New York and am getting my Bachelor's online.The previous setup I had used the router given to us by cable company.I was getting 80 Mbps at front of apartment and 10 at back of house where my study is located.I do proctored exams and could not get a decent speed in the room I study daily so had to move to my living room right under the router to get the best speeds.That setup meant my mom and two year old had to go for a 2 hr walk whenever I had exams because nobody can be in the room.That is so inconvenient in the winter anyhow my speeds are now 160-180 at front of house and maybe 100-120 at back of the house.It was pricey but compared to others the best value for money...such a relief to not have that additional stress when doing exam.
Absolutely the RIGHT answer for me. This system is EXACTLY what I needed. I've spent hundreds of dollars on extenders and other contraptions to try to get my signal from one floor to two others without totally rewiring the house. When I saw this, I trusted Google to deliver a meaningful alternative, and after reading reviews decided to order it. It took 15 minutes MAX to install, and now I have strong signal on all three floors of my house. I strongly recommend this!
Five Stars very easy to set up and coverage the whole apartment. better than router + ap
Don't want to run cables? No problem! After my Airport Extreme gave up the ghost, I was in need of a new wireless network. So I bit the bullet and got the 3 pack Google WiFi.There was one hiccup with setting this up: the devices wouldn't respond to the app at first. After talking to the very very helpful customer service representative (perhaps this is where the Google Wallet support staff ended up?), I learned that I probably have a returned Google WiFi set in my possession, and all I had to do was factory reset the devices.Once that was done, there were zero issues. The app works a treat, keeps tabs on everything connected to the WiFi, and makes access management a breeze. Sure, I wouldn't use it in an enterprise setting, but this Just Works way better than the old Airport ever did. I've used network extenders before, and they were a royal pain in the butt. While pricier, these will deliver WiFi to where you need it, unless your building is a Faraday cage.Well, ok, one problem did happen: I lost access to the wired local area network attached to the router, and the printer that was attached to it (the WiFi can't access other devices on the upstream router in mesh mode). That was solved by attaching an Ethernet switch to the LAN port of one of the devices.
So easy, so fast, so reliable Amazing! I have had constant issues with wifi speeds and coverage in my house. My house is 3 stories and 1800 sq ft. I decided to go with the pack of 3 even though supposedly 1 can do the job due to how tall the house is. Setup was incredibly easy, just setup the first puck with your modem and then add the other 2 as mesh pucks. That's it. Wifi immediately started working and I have had zero issues with connectivity/coverage or speeds. In fact it's faster than before, and I had a pretty decent router. The app is also really neat and makes administering the router easy. HIGHLY recommended.
Google crushed it with this! AWESOME! I had an ongoing issue. AT&T tried replacing all their equipment. I still had the issue. I finally figured out it was with having too many Google Home and Google Chromecast devices. Once I implemented the Google Wifi system, the problem went away and the wifi has never been better!
Great device Did take some extra steps to setup, but no more than a couple extra minutes. Works great carrying the same speed the modem is putting out.
AMAZING! OMG! This thing works great. The mesh network extends the wifi coverage not only in my house better but it even covers my acres yard. I only have 1200sqft house but I don't have very good cell service which really makes it so your more dependent on wifi for wifi calling. I use to walk outside of my house or towards the back of the house and lose signal with my Archer C7. Not with the Google wifi system. I got the set of 3. I am also a internet technician so I see a lot of routers and very few beat the range and reliability of googles mesh network.
Five Stars Love this thing, all the little controls in the app are cool.Just wish it had a Web UI
Probably the best device I have ever installed in my house Probably the best device I have ever installed in my house. Would recommend to anyone needed a boost for their wi-fi.
Easy to use and clean I waited a while for me to post this because I like to make sure the products will work for at least 6 months to see if it performs. Let me start by saying how easy it is to setup, Google keeps things simple and straightforward. You download the app, plug the router into the modem and power it up, connect it to the app and the app pretty much does the rest for you. The router looks clean and looks like a piece of decoration vs a typical electronic. I haven't had a single problem with my connection. My old router speed test showed 14mb/s now has at least 100mb/s thanks to the router. It can handle my girlfriend streaming Netflix in our room, all our devices and online gaming all the same time. The app is super easy to use. Overall I'm very happy with this router and have been recommending it to my family. I haven't used it as a mesh network however, maybe one day I'll revisit this post to share the experience
Good quality but with major limitation for me Nice design and will work perfectly for most people, however, this set (of 3) will not work in BRIDGE MODE... One unit can, but the 3 of them will not create a Mesh. I was hoping to upgrade my three Apple Airport Express network with these units but it was not possible in BRIDGE MODE, ended up buying three Apple Airport Extreme... Too bad, Google should allow this function or rebrand this set as Google ROUTER Wifi System.
Four Stars Everything is great except it does not allow parent to block specific web sites like snapchat or instagram.
Five Stars The setup was super simple. Range is pretty good. Worth the money spent!
Easy setup The setup process was WAY easier than I thought. Our 4 bedroom house now has the coverage we need, with all the devices.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT! Went from 40m by 10 with my isp router to 119 by 13 with these routers. Easy to set up.
Not happy of this product I returned this product. I wasn’t happy at all. I have 500 Mbps speed and I was receiving even 540Mbps but on the google home, the max I was receiving was 140Mbps only. Their dual band system is not successful idea, especially when you wants to connect to 5Mhz or 2.4Mhz you don’t have that option. My advice, is go get a good router and add some range extenders, they will work like Mesh system
Five Stars Great
The setup is a breeze and the Android app is great. My only complaint is with network reliability I'm 2 months in using Google wifi. The setup is a breeze and the Android app is great. My only complaint is with network reliability. I've had to restart separate APs on multiple occasions, restart the whole network, and even do power resets on all devices to ensure that everything is connecting correctly. It's as though the side band that maintains the "mesh" stops working right and needs a kick in the head to remind it where everything is.
If you like connection problems, get this wifi router. If you like connection problems, get this wifi router. Nothing but issues.
Fantastic router So easy to setup and use. Speeds have been flawless even with just one in a 1700 sqft single story home. Getting our full 100 mbps down in the bedroom with line of sight and 80+ On the other side of the house. I like that you can label devices and control access time and internet filtering.
BY FAR THE BEST WI-FI OPTION OUT THERE!! Absolutely LOVE this WiFi system! It is by far the best I've ever used. We installed a Ring floodlight, which is at the about 50 feet from the first router, then set one in the bedroom nearest the floodlight and one in the lower level garage. We probably did a bit of overkill using all three, but we wanted to ensure strong, consistent connectivity. It is absolutely amazing!! Best I have ever used, by far. These three units network as one, so no more searching for a WiFi repeater, no more low signals! You are able to check the status of your network on your smartphone remotely, test your speed strength, and many other options. Look no further for a WiFi solution for your home. This is the ONLY one to purchase.
Game Changer I firmly believe that mesh routers are the only way to go now, unless you live in a tiny house (then you may not need it), and Google wifi is an awesome option. I pay for 30 mbps download speed and would rarely ever (almost never) get that before with my old router (lower quality generic netgear router), and never further than one room away. I also dealt with lots of spottiness and periods of time where streaming one room away on my tv was unavailable. Now, with simply upgrading to Google wifi, I'm topping out at 70 (!) mbps speed, more than double what I'm actually paying for. And since I've got 3 routers throughout the house, there's not a dark corner in the house that I'm not getting at least 30 mbps. I'm blown away. So before Google wifi, my rare high end was 30 mbps (the actual speed I pay for); now with google wifi 60-70 is normal, 30 mbps is the absolute low end. Super easy to set up. Love having the app to control everything.Nice interface. Google hit a home run.
great product. really extends my wifi great product. really extends my wifi. it's nice that i can use an extender that seamlessly meshes with my existing wifi username and password.
Four Stars Works pretty well, though devices dont always connect to the closest one.
Love it After years of trying to solve the Wi-Fi problem presented by my courtyard house, this Google Mesh trio has solved it perfectly. I love it
Unit was used. I initially couldn't get it to connect...which is frustrating considering the whole reason I went with this unit was because of how easy it's supposed to be to setup. After calling Google, I had to reset the unit. Turns out, it was used. No where in the description did it mention I'd be buying a used or refurbished unit.
User friendly and love the parental controls. I am so happy with Google WiFi. I used to use linksys and Apple WiFi products. I frequently had to reboot both and the settings were complicated.Google WiFi is SO refreshing. I have never rebooted they system in over a year. I love the parental controls. Just so user friendly.
easy to install though there were some initial Works well, easy to install though there were some initial hiccups
Five Stars I recommend this
Simple to setup and Very Fast I watch 4K YouTube with Google Wifi. I love it!
Wow!! Wow, was getting 28 mbps download with the Xfinity Wifi router, now pushing +100 mbps with the Google meshNothing else to be said, except that it took less than 10 minutes to setupWorth every penny
like in the old days I bought an Orbi but one of the satellites didnt work and absolutely no way to get any tech support. Pitiful, like in the old days.I sent it back and did t give them a second chance.So the google pucks came in today and they set up perfectly with super simple instructions. They are probably better for me anyway as I have Ethernet all over and you can plug them into the network, actually you let the main puck become the router for the whole network, and the. All of your stuff is one network and can communicate freely; wired and WiFi.They have about the same range as the Orbi and neither is that great, I have a big yard and might get 1 or 2 more and try make it back to my barn away building. Might have to do a coax to Ethernet thing as I have coax going back there.Anyway, 2 thumbs up.
Five Stars Great product!
Easy setup and great high-speed coverage Very easy to setup. I have an Ethernet cable run from my basement router through a couple switches to my first Google Wifi Hub. From there it's straight forward easy using the iPhone app. Even with the software update it took less than 20 minutes and the coverage is incredible. No more repeaters and SSID's to cover my large 4 level split house.
Wonderful for use in My 2500 sq. ft. home I have a 2 story house and this mesh provides complete coverage throughout which is important since we stream most of our tv shows
Very easy to set up Works as advertised. Very easy to set up.
Power Cords (AC Chargers) Fail Two of the three AC chargers (power cords) have stopped working in the two months since our purchase. Google WiFi has a design flaw on their hands.
exactly what we wanted/needed. wow, excellent. works exactly as it should. we are pleased.
Does not do what it’s supposed to Installed Google Wi-fi 3 weeks ago now; it’s quite useless. Don’t get the signal extended to the other corner of my house
Someone finally got plug and play right. As the family "IT Expert" I've setup my share of networks. I decided to try out Google's plug and play mesh system and don't expect to ever go back. This was truly the easiest WiFi setup ever. Opened the box and less than ten minutes later I was up and running. Three nodes are the right number for my house, one on each floor. Full coverage with good speed. No, I don't have as much control over the router as I did with my previous routers but who cares. This is a great set it and forget it solution for all but the nerdiest of nerds.
WORTH IT! My previous setup was a Netgear C7000 router and 2 Netgear access points. In our master bedroom, I had maybe 14 megabit throughput on a 100 megabit internet connection. Streaming TV would occasionally start buffering. Moving around in the house and constantly changing access points to maintain connectivity. WELL - NO MORE. I Installed the Google Wi-Fi in about 30 minutes. Now, I must confess I did my research on putting my C7000 router into bridge mode and informing myself on issues converting my existing network over to the new network. After the installation, I ran a speed test in the master bedroom and it was 86 megabits. Did the same thing in other parts of the house, never having to change to other access points. The results were amazing. No need for me to put this in the box and return it because I'M LOVING GOOGLE WIFI
Five Stars Great!
Fast, easy setup and excellent coverage. We've got a 4300 sq ft. 2-story house. With the cable router we had spotty coverage in many areas of our house, but with this Google mesh wi-fi system we get excellent coverage, even outside on our deck. It was very easy to set up. The app walked me through it step-by-step and I was up and running in under 10 minutes. Then probably another 30 minutes to get all my devices connected to the new network (19 devices like Amazon Echos, wi-fi smart plugs, thermostat, Roku, computers, phones, tablets, etc.). I pay for 100mbit service from my cable company and the slowest I get using an iphone speed test is 80 mbits per second at the farthest point from any of the access points.
My nest camera connected to Comcast Router would go offline ... My nest camera connected to Comcast Router would go offline 5 times a day, not with Google Router!Setup is a breeze.
Easy set up ! Great coverage! Internet working much faster now! Loved the set up. I am not a computer wiz. Has two cords coming out of the back ....one plugged into a wall socket and the other into the internet modem. ( yes you need to have internet acces in your home / modem ...to plug into) .From there you just listen to Google and follow on screen directions and it’s pretty easy to set up. Not like my old router where you needed to be computer knowledgeable to set up all sorts of ip addresses and pretty much be a computer tech.Only needed one unit for my house which is under 1500 square feet, If I don’t include my basement level. Works throughout whole house. Thought my computer was slow and crawling at times because of my internet provider but it was my old router that was not doing it’s job because it was about four years old and technology has changed so much...my router was outdated and slow. Streaming movies had my T.V. screen telling me I didn’t have enough bandwidth which I didn’t know was because my router was not able to do the job.Something I didn’t know ...even if your paying for internet provider at turbo speed ...if your router is old it is not able to send that turbo speed to your devices.....because it is old.
in a 5 bedroom suburban home I can monitor all three networks easily from my phone Google wifi.I have 3 Google wifi networks in 3 locations.network #1 – 5 nodes (4 wired, 1 wireless coverage over 2 rural acres. one of the wired nodes is powered via POE to USB-C)network #2 – 2 nodes, wired, in a 1 bedroom apartment with extremely crowded wifi bandwidth (30+ 2.4ghz networks, 20~ 5ghz) (4 nestoutdoor cams)#3 – 3 nodes, all wireless, in a 5 bedroom suburban homeI can monitor all three networks easily from my phone, monitoring daily, weekly, monthly usage of each device. I can pause any device on any network, or prioritize a device (say when I want uninterrupted hi-def video from a particular camera)I can reset any network as a whole, or any one node. I can see every device that connected, and trigger events to occur in any hone using IFTTT (turn on lights when elderly mother’s phone connects at 3a). I can not just talk my sister 4 states away through the process of pausing her kids Xbox & Tablets for bedtime or dinner – I can just do it for her real time. program one bedtime to pause all the 9 year olds devices, and another later bedtime one for the teenagers phone and game console.I can do all this, in seconds, with an intuitive easy to use interface.I can perform bandwidth tests on the whole network, and on every node, telling me where my backhaul needs tweaking.Because Google wifi data is integrated with Google maps, I can generate precise location and mapping data – because for example my rural network has 5 nodes, all which are tracked in Google maps, allowing precision location acquisition at any point on the property.In short, no other system is this intuitive, this flexible, this “smart”.There’s no comparison – Google Wifi is a winner. It does things other mesh systems, other networks simply can’t do.Otherwise systems may outperform marginally in a particular environment type (suburban home with limited interference), but in the REAL WORLD people are living in crowded wifi spectrum environments - Google Wifi wins in this environment.Only Google wifi has the device network switching and channel selection algorithms to push performance to the max in ANY environment.The level of smart home integration with Google Sheets data logging, IFTTT, Nest, and many other products - means no other product can even be compared to Google wifi, because nothing else can do what it does.And with monthly automatic firmware updates from Google - you're fully future-proofed.Best of all - the darn things look good.
Super Easy Setup AND IT PERFORMS! This is hands down one of the easiest devices I've ever setup. Download the app, plug it in, answer a few simple questions and you're connected. Good things do come in small packages! We have a 2000ft home (2 story) and the Google WiFi is close-ish to the middle of the home (in an upstairs bedroom). Every corner of the house is covered! Even on our back patio (which was very spotty before). I was honestly thinking I'd need to buy another one to get decent, whole home coverage, but it's not needed at all. I haven't explored the app features fully yet, but it looks awesome. Guest access, family controls (per device), etc. Super simple, super easy. FYI, we have 30mb up/dn internet package and I'm getting minimum 25/25 over WiFi any where inside the house. I'm loving this little router!!!
Three Stars Good but definitely not as good as Apple wireless router.
Really easy set up and it’s providing great coverage Just unboxed and it was a positive experience. Really easy set up and it’s providing great coverage.
Amazing WiFi and the app is so user friendly Amazing WiFi and the app is so user friendly! I can turn WiFi access on and off to every device individually and even set schedules for each individual device... great parenting tool!
Easy setup, improved use I was previously using two Apple Airport Extreme's in addition to the router provided by my ISP for my home wifi network. The issue was that users would have to switch the correct network in order to have a good connection since most of them overlapped. The Google Wifi system 3 pack fixed this. While 3 nodes is a little much for my house, it makes sure that the same network extends to the furthest parts of the house without issue. The setup was easy and I love how it is all the same network.Very happy with my purchase.
No dead zones. Easy set up.
This system works great in my house which is U shaped with essentially ... This system works great in my house which is U shaped with essentially 3 zones. I have thick walls and metal roofs and am very happy with the performance of this wifi system.
This is much better than the router that came with our FiOS This is much better than the router that came with our FiOS. We live in a two bedroom apartment and finally able to get signal in the back of the apartment. It's sleek design blends in with any room decor. Installation was super easy as well.
Good wifi router Easy setup, boosts signal really well. We ditched Comcast all-in-one cable modem and got this thing pairs up with an Arris Surfboard SB6183 and they work great together. This thing looks nice too so it's not an eye soar and blends in well to its surroundings. Just don't be an idiot like me and put a piece of tin foil underneath it thinking it will help boost the signal. It blocks the signal and you will wast a hour and a half trying to figure out what's wrong with it. I dinged it a star because it only has one plug in for connecting a device to it besides the cable modem.
I highly recommend Google I purchased the set of 3 as an upgrade to an Apple Airport Extreme Base Unit and Airport Express. I wasn't having issues before but wifi was a little weak at the edges of the house. After installing google wifi my connection was strong and speeds were faster. I have access to AC radios no matter which node I'm closest to.I highly recommend Google Wifi
Four Stars easy to set up and seems like our wifi works all corners of the house. works for us.
the balance of the signal around the house. There ... the balance of the signal around the house.There is no APP in Brazil's Apple Store. So I had to install via Samsung Smartphone.
Love the product and all the neat features it offers. Husband found this product and we are really enjoying it. He's loving discovering all the features that Google has included. Sleek and pretty design. Well worth buying the 3 pack even if you don't need 3 right now.
ethernet backbone works great. Connected one WiFi point to ethernet backbone and it works great, the other point is WiFi and replicates signal fine, no more dead spots.I've read some reviews that you coudn't change the internal network's IP, but must have been an old firmware, because I could change the internal network without problems.
Not ready for prime time, and Google support is awful I bought a 3-pack. The third unit could not be added to the network. Must have spent 5 hours with Google on the phone with several different people, over several weeks. Making things worse, they would keep promising to escalate and someone would get back to me, and a week would go by and nothing happened. Eventually they sent me an unintelligible email that said (among many other things), "In order to combat this, we would strongly encourage you to enable a DMZ with the main Wifi point downstream of said DMZ, post disabling the wireless broadcasting of the upstream router so as to not divert mesh traffic and Google Cloud services that complete the app to point handshake." To put this in context, I am an IT manager and very sympathetic with how difficult it is to diagnose things sometimes. Also tended (at least until this experience) to admire Google. But this product is clearly not quite ready, and Google Support is clearly not ready to support it. I'd avoid it for another year.
Easy setup, easy management and fantastic coverage I don't typically write reviews but this is worth the investment. Unbelievably easy (and kinda fun) to install. The range of my network is now greatly expanded, from basement, to main floor, to outside on deck, to upstairs office, to bedroom above garage. Like being able to see which bandwidth (2.4 or 5) my device is riding. Love the family / kids control. I'm not getting any promo for writhing this, it's real and it's worth it.
Five Stars Good product
Great mesh system Great mesh system. I have 2 units downstairs and 1 upstairs, no more dead or slow spots, I now have super fast internet throughout the house.
Love Love love my Google WiFi I absolutely love my Google WIFI. It has made my home life so much better we are now able to function with our internet without slow connections, disconnections or buffering. It was very easy to set up. I strongly recommend the Google Wifi to anyone who has signal issues in the home. I have a 2 story home and every room in my home has 5 bars of wifi signal!!!!
Five Stars Excellent!!!! easy to use !
Amazing O am amazed at how well this system improved my Wi-Fi throughout my home. I have fought with Wi-Fi signal and numerous extenders for years then I decided to spend a little extra and buy this Google mesh system. It far exceeded my expectations. I ordered the set of three and only needed two. I now have full Wi-Fi signal in my entire 1500 square foot house. This system is amazing. I love it.
Great system I'm a HUGE fan of this system! Google knows what they're doing. Setup was easy. The app is very clear. The signal throughout my home is fantastic. I have used Apple Airport Extremes with Airport Expresses as range extenders in the past. The Google Wifi system is better in every area, in my opinion.
Very easy to install Impressed. Very easy to install, love the app and easy gmail sign in. Works great
Google Wi-Fi is great. Our house is a trileveland we have always ... Google Wi-Fi is great. Our house is a trileveland we have always struggled to get a good single the ground level and upstairs. Our provider we had out was unable to get a strong signal upstairs. I purchased 3 and our signs on all three levels have never been better.
Super easy to use Super easy installation, had it for a year and have had no problems with it. Only one day had an issue with the signal strength but that may have been our provider's fault.
Blazing fast Before adding this to my home WiFi, I would get 25-35 mbps on Att gigabyte internet. Now I get 650-750mbps throughout my whole house. This was an excellent purchase!!!
Fast & Easy I love everything about this product. It was super easy to set up, my WiFi is super fast, and the device itself is pretty smooth looking! Well worth the $100.
Immediate performance results. Ordered this to replace a terrible performing netgear n600. The n600 produced a wireless download speed between 15mbps and 24mbps, from a 100mbps xfinity signal. Upon installation of the Google wifi mesh system, I am achieving download speeds above 115mbps all around my 3000 sq ft home. Very satisfied.
Five Stars Easy setup and FAAAAAAAAAST
Doesn't work with computers and devices that only recognize 2.4 GHz band. This did not work for me. I have many Alexa devices only recognize 2.4 GHz when being setup, and my computer only uses 2.4 GHz. The Google WiFi system automatically sends your device the fastest band available either 2.4 or 5.0 GHz, so when it sends my computer or Alexa devices 5.0 GHz they will not recognize the network and render them useless. I contacted Google about this and they acknowledge the problem.
Great AP if Connected to AC1900 If you're researching the best option for a mesh Wi-Fi for larger homes, you clearly see the advantages with this system. What I did was slightly different than buying the 3-pack. I bought the larger Google TP-Link AC1900 (black) access point, and added 1 of these Google hockey puck access points to the aforementioned AC1900 access point.That gave me the same area coverage and it saved me $50. So in short, I have 1 big AC1900 AP and 1 white hockey puck AP. The OnHub app allows you to set them both up to create a larger ubiquitous Wi-Fi network in your home.I would recommend this to friends and family.
Awesome! Absolutely the best wifi extender we have ever used, we have spend hundreds on other products and they would either put out week or inconsistent signals, or the worst when you have to stop everything to go unplug the stupid things over and over.I have had these for a while now we have still been getting a consistent actual net of wifi spread throughout the property and even works in the entire pool area, so pleased with this device.
Wow! Very impressive. So simple to setup and ... Wow! Very impressive. So simple to setup and the connection is ridiculous. Full bars all over the house, from the basement to the attic. Worth every penny.
You are better off getting a Nighthawk or any single strong AC ... I have purchased and used this for a couple customers of mine. These routers are trash. You are better off getting a Nighthawk or any single strong AC 1200+ router. Don't waste your valuable time.
Amazing network option! I purchased this WiFi system because I felt like I needed better whole home coverage since I find myself purchasing more and more connected devices. We have a 3000 sq. ft. home with 2 levels. Previously we had an airport extreme in the basement in the center, and 2 airport extremes upstairs in each corner of the house (with the hope that it would provide whole home coverage). While an Airport Extreme is an excellent router, it lacks in the area of communicating well with other routers and allowing devices to switch between those routers easily. Additionally, the upstairs routers would frequently connect to each other, rather than the basement, creating a huge chain of routers which slows speed dramatically. That's where this WiFi system comes in.In the box:In the box you have 3 identical routers. It doesn't matter which you pull out first and set up first. Additionally, there is a power cable for each one, and a network cable to hook up to your modem. The packaging is aesthetically pleasing and sleek.Each router has an LED light ring surrounding it which services as a way of telling you if it's powered on and connected. There are 2 ethernet ports on the bottom (1 works as the connection to your modem, and the other for a network device). If you plug in a device to an extension router, then you can use both ports for devices. There is not a USB port, so if you have USB network devices (a printer, for example), then this router is not for you.Setup:If I had any complaints about my experience as a whole, it would be in this area. Setting up the router was not as easy as it should have been. In the box, there is a small card that guides you to download the iOS or Android Google WiFi app. After doing so, I followed the prompts to set up the first router. However, when I would enter my network information, it would always lock up and eventually tell me it can't connect to the router (which was in the same room as me). After multiple failed attempts, the app prompted me to connect to the router directly via my WiFi settings. At that point, it worked. Setting up the 2nd and 3rd routers were the easiest network task I have ever done.Usage:While I realize 3 routers for a 3000 square foot home is slightly overkill, it does provide an excellent amount of coverage, and I don't find any problems with it. The thing I like most is they use the "mess WiFi" technology. This allows the routers to work together rather than just connect to the base router. So, if I am upstairs in my office (with a router) and I walk downstairs to the basement (where the base router is) then my phone will automatically switch to the basement router making my WiFi speeds faster and more efficient. Specifically, I have a ring doorbell, which is literally on the other side of the wall from my office. With the Airports, the doorbell would connect to the basement router, because it was the "king." This made it impossible to keep a stable connection with the doorbell. However, with the Google WiFi system, it always keeps connected to the office router, and has zero issues whatsoever. Overall, we usually have 20-25 devices connected at a time with no issues.App:The Google WiFi app is pretty good, but lacks a little bit. The biggest thing I hate about it is it's not optimized for iPhone X. That has been out for a long time now and Google should get their act together. In the app, you create a guest network, pause internet for specific devices, turn on Google SafeSearch for specific devices for internet browsing, see real time data such as network usage and speeds, adjust the brightness of the led ring on each router (awesome!), and tinker with specific internet settings. I am not an advanced network user that likes to fine tune everything in a specific way, so this works for me. However, I could see there being a problem if you like to do that, since the capability is limited.I've read issues that this has had in the past, but other than the hiccup with setup, I cannot see any issues. I strongly recommend setting this system up, as it has made a huge difference in our home network.
Worked great for a long time then suddenly started kicking tablets ... Worked great for a long time then suddenly started kicking tablets and phones off randomly. The result was eaten up data from Verizon.Had to contact google to fix the problem. Anybody else have this problem?
Five Stars Love it! It's a really great product I would recommend it 100%
Five Stars Improved our home WiFi immediately.
This product works! This system gives me reliable wifi throughout the house. I pay for 50 mps download speed from ATT but was barely getting half that. The moment I set up the Google wifi I had. 53 mps over 11. Phenomenal! Easy setup & worth the money.
Nice So far so good, works excellent.
Five Stars Stupid simple setup. We immediately noticed a huge difference in Wi-Fi coverage throughout my home.
I couldn't be happier. For the novice I read many reviews before purchasing this system. We were having issues getting wifi in our bedrooms with our previous router. This was what we settled on after a few hours of research. I couldn't be happier. For the novice, this is AMAZING. I had all three setup within 30 minutes and it works fantastic. Always have a strong signal throughout the entire house with no lapses (unless it's from the service provider). I would highly recommend for the basic home user.
you get at best 50MB download speed Slow internet!!! Google Wifi takes a strong 150MB/150MB speed Fios and in return, you get at best 50MB download speed. I have on a story ranch 2400sqf house with 4 Google Wifi point pucks (5 with one connected to the router). All but 1 of the 4 Google Wifi are in a line of sight of each other, so wifi signal from each wifi point and to all my devices read "excellent". But Google has known issue with their software and slooooows done your internet speeds....sad!
Five Stars 10x better than the TomatoUSB setup I had before.
Highly Recommend Get this router! No WiFi blind spots anymore. I get much faster speeds than the modem that came from the Internet company. I love that it is compatible with my Google Home and Google Chromecast. I was actually able to send my WiFi to the house next door that we own.
Five Stars does the job
They work well Got these for a friend. He loves them. They work better than expected.
No meaningful improvement in performance I saw no difference in performance and returned it. It was slower than just my cable modem alone.
Five Stars Works as expected.
Five Stars Work great. Easy setup.
Lightening Fast Internet! Thanks to the Google WiFi system, my internet is now lightening fast. My old router was going out and I read a bunch of reviews on newer models on the market, and this one topped all of them. The Google WiFi router has literally made my WiFi download speed almost 5x faster. I was topping out about 16 or 17 Mbps with my old Linksys router. Now I am consistently reaching download speeds above 70 Mbps. Plus, the router took only a few minutes to set up and you can control everything from an app on your phone. I would highly recommend this router. I only purchased one router and it works well throughout my 5 bedroom house.
Extremely happy. Easiet router setup ever, period. Getting speeds what I’m paying for. Extremely happy.
2 out of 3 still work... Bought the set of 3 and it was very easy to set up. Sadly, one of the mesh units has stopped working. I have followed all of the instructions on resetting it, but it still won't connect to the mesh network. Also, there is not an easy way to contact 'google' for help.
Love it! We were using an xfinity combo modem/router and our Wifi was awful, to say the least. I bought the 3 Unit Google wifi mesh system because our home is 4700 sf. Setup was quick & easy. The hardest part (which was really quite simple) was disabling the router option so that our combo is now a modem only. We couldn’t be more pleased with the Google system. We went from download speeds of less than 20 Mbps to 110+ Mbps and we now have a full WiFi signal in every corner of our house. It’s so great to finally get the level of internet service we’re paying for!!
The app is very easy to use and handy Replaced an Asus 1900ac router with the Google Wifi and could definitely see an improvement in my wifi strength and area connectivity... was so impressed that I got bought a 2nd one just to be able to blanket my sun room and pool area. The app is very easy to use and handy, especially the feature to set a priority device when you're streaming a show / movie to it. Highly recommend this product.
works Good Works well
Five Stars LOVE this. Never again wifi issue at my house. Even at the street have connection. Thx google!!!
One Star USELESS HEAP OF CRAP. Get the VELOP instead, it really works a lot better!!!
Five Stars Best Wifi ever.. Just it.
Great performance small footprint! The default router (tplink) provided by the service provider could only crank out 16 mbps for download and 32 mbps for upload. It was not good at all. A quick search on Amazon and this great product surfaced! The reviews gave me hope that it will be a great deal... a quick check with service provider to ensure this will work and once confirmed placed the order... The router looks great (no visible antenna's and flashing lights) and works great. I get consistent speeds in the range of 80 to 98 mbps for download and 60 to 70 mbps for upload. The previous router also had issues with coverage and there were a few spots where connectivity was pathetic. This wifi system has great coverage across all areas of my house. The app on my iphone works well and intuitive. Highly satisfied with this purchase!
Solved My Problem and More! Thank goodness for these! My house had such a week WiFi and cellular signal due how location and how the house was built. Adding these changes all of that PLUS provided more tools that I didn’t even know I needed (new WiFi ID and password, usage times, priority, etc.). Thank you Google!
AWESOME A wonderful Product
Five Stars Works great, easy to set up. Wish I had bought it a long time ago.
Easy to use, fast and reliable Took me many months to decide to buy this product and I can tell that was a really good decision in the end. My whole house (3 floors, including front and backyard) has good coverage. The setup was pretty easy and in case you need help Google will provide for free and they always solved my problem. You do not need to worry about firmware updated because it update automatically. Some items to think about: (1) if you want the best results you need to wire all the 3 routers (2) some things may not connect to the network because both networks are the same, to solve the problem you can walk as far as you can and it will automatically connect to the 2.4 GHz network.
Love this product Love this product. It gives me complete control to my network from any where in the world. Its easy to set up and easy to use.
The setup was not too bad but the parental control app just did not work ... I had a Linksys router that I purchased. The setup was not too bad but the parental control app just did not work at all. I returned the Linksys and got one of these Google wifi routers. Super easy to set up and works superbly! I am extremely satisfied with the setup. I added my wife as a network manager by simply putting her Gmail email account in. These are well worth the money.
easy setup, good coverage Very easy to setup. The range is not so great as advertised - 1500 sq.ft is not really covered for one device. Its more like 800 sq ft or so. I've the 3 piece one and I have set it up as a mesh network. All is well so far and I'm seeing consistent and good internet speed and coverage across. The device looks really good. The only downside I see is, google assumed everyone will keep the device flat on a table. my setup is different as I have ON-Q panel and hardly have space to put a round router such as this one. I have to buy the "hang on wall" accessory separately to hang it. Otherwise, there is no hook to hang it.
Perfect router. It covers my 2800 square foot Perfect router. It covers my 2800 square foot, 2-story house easily with lots of bandwidth. It's easy to to setup. Just follow the instructions. Had my whole system up in under 30 minutes. I also like the fact that you can set timers on different devices on your network so the little ones are not up past their bedtime looking at their devices.
CLEAR INSTRUCTIONS; EASY TO SET UP AND INSTALL easy to install and set up. strong signal
Google has done it again. So simple to set up! Would buy again in a heartbeat.
No more dead zones in my home- including my backyard! I was a bit skeptical about using Google wifi at first as I heard some interesting comments from other people. However, I still ended up buying 2 for my 2000 sq ft home and wow, I can't believe how awesome it is. I put the 2nd puck quite a far distance away from my 1st one and they're still picking up with full coverage. I have great speeds all around the home- no dead zones. I can actually use my internet in the backyard now! My family uses a whole load of products and we're all gaming, streaming movies, and simply using the internet a lot but this thing handles it all with ease. If you're still looking for a mesh wifi system you absolutely CANNOT go wrong with this!
Incredibly easy to setup, works without thinking about it and has a nice built in utilities that are very useful. I love it. I have owned many routers over the years and I can honestly say that the Google WiFi system is a breeze to setup and just plain works well out of the box. Forget any complicated setup like you would find with other routers, this system sets up easily an intuitively using just your phone. The built in tools such as the network speed test are excellent for monitoring your network and bandwidth from anywhere. Setting up schedules for blocking content also works very well and once setup, you can pause on demand. There are advanced options if you are so inclined, but truly this was a great purchase for my family. No more dead spots anywhere in my house. I have approximately 2500 square feet and have one WiFi unit on each floor.
Great system and working without any issues Added as a third unit to improve coverage in and around the house. Very easy to add unit using software on Android device. Took less than 5 minutes.
The most amazing routers in the world These routers are so simple to install that you wonder if they are going to be powerful enough. Something so simple shouldn't be so good. They are fantastic, I have never had such a strong, balanced, and seamless wireless network installation.
Love it. Made a total change in the home ... Love it. Made a total change in the home wifi. The signal gets up to the garage and the garden.
4GHz) wifi is absolutely horrible. Your devices will often connect to the slower ... Robust router but the inability to seperate the faster(5GHz) and slower(2.4GHz) wifi is absolutely horrible. Your devices will often connect to the slower one and depending on devices, you won’t be able to switch to the faster one.This is my second set of Google Wifi since it came out. If I could go back in time I would not get these. They are pretty good in terms of ease of setup but the fact that users cannot seperate the wifi name(SSID) for the faster and the slower wifi is just so terrible. Also the fact that you can only access the router setting via Google Wifi app is also quite annoying.
Fantastic! Fantastic! Easy to set up and works perfectly. Much faster than my old Apple router. Reasonable price compared to most. Highly recommend
Great! I bought this as a gift and the receiver of them loves them. Extends WiFi throughout a large home.
Had spotty WiFi coverage and low throughput through my stock ... Had spotty WiFi coverage and low throughput through my stock Comcast unit. Added the Google WiFi units, one at a time, as the instructions directed. All works flawlessly and performance is consistent throughout the house. I now get >130mb download throughout the house and into the backyard. Use with multiple iPhones, iPads and PCs. The app even reports Comcast outages in the middle of the night.
Setup was easy but would not work with our Nest Cam Setup was easy but would not work with our Nest Cam. We'd constantly lose connection to Nest every few hours and we're using it as our baby monitor so important to work through the night. Our 4-5 year old Netgear router was better with the Nest Cam. Wifi speed was definitely better with this and the parental controls are cool.
Five Stars Easy install! Great speed! Very impressed so far!
Super fast and strong signal Went from a low signal 15mbps connection to 180mbps combined with my cox broadband modem. WiFi signal is strong all through out 4000sq ft home. One of the best purchases ever!!!
Not as easy as you're lead to believe in hooking them up Not as easy as you're lead to believe in hooking them up, but once they're up and running, they're amazing.
Five Stars Love it, give me more please.
Works OK as far as connectivity around house and garage ... Works OK as far as connectivity around house and garage (all three are wired to ethernet) but not very flexible in the configuration area. No way to change base IP address and appears to block my Foscam wireless cameras - it connects but no picture on my BlueIris server.
WARNING: Port Forwarding Does Not Work Port forwarding does not work. There are many threads online entailing difficulties people have with port forwarding while using this product. I wish I had read them before I purchased it. Essentially, it seems that google wifi indiscriminately blocks random ports without allowing the user to customize which ones are blocked. I have a home web server and after days of trying I still cannot get it publicly available using port forwarding. I've spent hours on hold with their support service and still have no solution.
Highly recommended Great product! I’m really impressed how well it covers my whole house. 3 floors with top speed for all Wi-Fi devices around the house.
Easy setup Very slick product it took me 20 minuets to set up 4 nodes.i have 38 devices hooked up to it.and it works great.
The product purchased works flawlessly And is highly recommended. Amazon as a vendor is fast and dependable. The product purchased works flawlessly And is highly recommended.
... Wifi system is one Wife router I can actually love to use This Google Wifi system is one Wife router I can actually love to use. The setup is a breeze, with the cell phone app and lots of directions. I got very good Wifi signals. And the whole system has been working with great without the need for any manual resets. I can't really attest to the longevity of the product, though, since I haven't had it for more than one week.I've used a wide variety of Wifi routers before. I pretty much tried just about any brand you can find on the market, from deeply discounted value models to high-end "feature-rich" deluxe ones. They have all invariably failed over time. Some of them failed after only several months of normal use. The failure was almost always manifested as the user having to constantly reset the router to stay connected to the internet.Bottom line: the Google Wifi system appears to be well designed and has an intuitive app to use with it, separating it from the rest of the Wifi routers on the market. It's not cheap, but seems to worth the cost. As to durability, only time will tell.
doesn't work... worked for enough time to ... doesn't work...worked for enough time to void my return. $300 down the drain. Thank you Google
More than expected and hoped for. I bought this because my cell phone kept dropping WiFi due to too many devices. 5 consoles, 4 cell phones, 1 tablet, amazon echo, smart TV, laptop. What I got is impressive!My Comcast internet of up to 100 mbps was originally pushing around 75 mbps standing about 10 feet from the router. It took only 5 minutes to hook up Google WiFi and I’m now getting 110+ mbps on the other side of my house!! And my devices don’t disconnect from WiFi. Worth EVERY dollar. Mesh networks are the way to go.
Four Stars My chromecast has had problems since I got this new Wifi system
Great system if star topology works in your house Great system for a home where you can centrally locate the first node. All other nodes need to associate with the single (first) node. My house was long and needed to have a daisy chain configuration. Goole WiFi app is really great. If you can setup in a star, this system works perfectly.
Very happy. Easy to setup, great coverage, and fast. I am used to complicated router setups. This one is ridiculously simple. The speeds are fantastic and I was surprised how much coverage. I bought these for my in laws thinking I would need three to cover their whole house. I easily did it with two so I kept one for myself.
This Google Wifi extenders are very good with maximizing the wifi coverage in your home This Google Wifi extenders are very good with maximizing the wifi coverage in your home. I had an extender previously and it couldn’t even compare.
Great Product. Great product, eliminated dead spots in the house and the speed is incredible. Very easy to setup and manage with the app. Highly recommended.
Five Stars Easy to set up- works like a champ!
Five Stars An excellent product!
Great Coverage + Easy Setup I was tired of paying rental fees with my internet provider. Our place is about 1600 feet, it's in an old building, and it's a long and narrow condo. Our speeds top out around 250mbps but without Google WiFi the back of the condo would get barely 30mbps. Coverage is great now in the whole place with multiple devices running on the system all the time. Works great with the Arris Surfboard and RCN internet.
great but drop connection lots of time great but drop connection lots of time
Did not Like! Made my internet even slow, I ship it back.
Great Product Took care of all my speed issues and buffering issues. I have a set of EEROS at my florida home that I really like, but I must say I would buy these if I had it to do over again. I love the ability to hardwire all three units if desired.
Not disappointed at all! I was worried by some of the negative reviews, but took the plunge anyway. I was not disappointed. I did have to reset my Sonos speakers, but everything else in the house (approximately 16 devices like Hue, Wemo, ipad, iphones, computers, etc.) connected without any problems. It really did eliminate the dead spots in my house, and now I can enjoy fast internet in places where I used to have to switch-off wifi and use LTE instead. I am much less frustrated than I ever was, and setup took about 20 minutes start to finish. Happy customer.
Improved WiFi speed! Love Google WiFi! I wish that I would have made the move a long time ago. WiFi speed is much improved and the system is super easy to manage.
best i've ever used Best wifi system I've ever used. Great parental controls
Super easy to set up Super easy to set up. We have not had drops in our wifi since we installed this system. Worth it!!
Good replacement for older traditional routers. So far the 2 I bought have been working great. Coverage upstairs in our house is much better than the single traditional router I used to have. Downstairs is slightly better but still a weaker signal, pretty sure that is due to the construction of my house and I will probably need a 3rd Google wifi point in the future. Setup of these was not as hassle free as everyone says it is. Took me the better part of an hour to get them to link together wirelessly, took multiple resets and reinstalls of the google wifi app. I do plan to link then via a hardwire connection soon so that wont be an issue after that.
Five Stars Just installed and am finding it wonderful to have high speed internet through out the home.
Finally! The WiFi Works! Works great! Very easy to install and the app works great. Our house is very long and the internet comes in at the far end. These three routers give us full coverage with no dead spots. We are a large family with many devices and no problems. We have not had to reset these routers at all since installation.
This is one amazing WiFi system This is one amazing WiFi system. I've tried others and was hesitant at first. Google has done it again. Wonderful Product. It just works.
Five Stars Great router best I have ever used
Super simple setup, and very fast wifi! I’ve come from a line of netgear products that, without fail, every single one has given me an issue with setup or just stops working overtime. Netgear is good when it works but my fiancé and I wanted something different and reliable.This is a fantastic router for a medium sized apartment and actually has fast Wifi. We have 100 mbps and I game a lot on PC. There is little to no difference in WiFi to hard-wired connection on my ping and the router is across the room!Good, quick solution for quality WiFi
Five Stars Working fine. Now I have speedy Wifi throughout the house.
I bought these to replace my Airport Extreme, and I only wish I had sooner. I bought these to replace my Airport Extreme, and I only wish I had sooner. I had been experiencing inconsistencies in my internet connection and suspected it was my router. Well, the difference in my internet connection speed is like night and day. I must admit, the more I try Google's products (e.g., I also own a Nest Thermostat and Nest Protect) the more I trust in their brand over others.
It’s ALMOST completely automatic. I’ve reached the age where that appeals to me, but It may not be for everyone. The ease is setup is unbelievable. It’s like networking on training wheels! My old router was VERY old. I knew it was on borrowed time. Switching to this mesh got me a significant bump in WiFi speed with the same level of service from my ISP. One of my laptops had stopped printing from my wireless printer. The other computers still worked with it over the network. Once I switched over to the new network, that laptop started printing wirelessly again. Google handles so many aspects of the network for you. That may not work well for people who love digging through sub menus and tweaking everything themselves. It works quite well for me. I can check what is on my network and prioritize traffic with a few taps on my iPad vs working through a browser. I’m very satisfied with this purchase.
Great performance and always works Great wifi system. Tried various extenders which always stopped functioning and would hang my network.This works great and im getting fantastic thruput. Buy it.
Super easy to set up This is just about plug and play. I was searching for a WiFi mesh system for my house. There were a few super slow spots in my house. This router system was set up in less than 30 min, and with the Google app for the router, it was a breeze.
Elegant Solution Quite simply, this is one elegant solution. I use this description when a product delivers the features as promised and more, is easy to install, is easy to maintain/manage, performs flawlessly and reliably, and all at a reasonable price point.The Google Wifi system excels in each and every one of these areas.
Five Stars I love it! it serves my every need. It is easy to set up and use.
Five Stars Has been great so far....way better than the apple airport we had before.
Didn't get the results I was told I've had a Wifi problem for some time. I've had people come out and check it from Best Buy, the cable company and a local electronics store. They all told me the same thing, buy the Google system and you won't have any more problems. Along with their recommendations and after reading all the reviews I could find, I decided to buy. Almost everyone said that all of my problems would be solved. Sadly, this wasn't the case. It did help a little, but I sure didn't get the results everyone told me I would. I've tried almost everything, nothing works very well. When the cable people came, I was told that every where else my internet signal was great. One guy said I could get an Ethernet cable fished through the walls and get a router just for this area. After he checked everything he told me that the installation and equipment would cost more than the Google system. Now I'm back at square one.If anyone has any ideas, I would really appreciate them.
... you are trying to add older generation OS devices like Airport Express Avoid if you are trying to add older generation OS devices like Airport Express. I use Airport Express to stream music throughout my home. They work great. But was told by Google customer service that they are not compatible with this wifi system.
Five Stars Love these! Our internet is amazing now.
Actual Wifi speed in mesh network is LOW and customer service is really bad This review comes after repeated attempts to resolve issues through technical support and customer service (it takes >15-20 minutes consistently for a human to get on the phone). I have internet services through a cable provider and pay for a 300mbps service. I bought a set of 3 routers to place across my house and on initial setup, the WiFi app reported speeds above 250mbps. After some time (assuming some device updates were applied) my WiFi app started reporting speeds below 200 mbps consistently and speedTest.net tests on my laptop showed speeds below 100 mbps (download speeds in all cases).Through multiple rounds of technical support calls, the google team had me modify dns settings, switch on and off router points/modems and generate multiple reports and logs. The final explanation from technical support was that signals from my neighbors were causing network congestion and preventing the google WiFi network from delivering optimum performance. Furthermore, technical support claimed that no other manufacturer can solve this problem and that the google devices can’t be returned under warranty because this isn’t an issue (even though they can’t deliver performance because of external interference). Overall, this experience was doubly disappointing not only because of device performance but also because of bad customer service and lack of ownership. I won’t be buying any more Google products in the near future (did not expect this sub-par perfromance and bad customer service from Google..very disappointed)
I’ve never had better internet! These things work so well I’ve never had better internet! These things work so well. No restarting the router once or more a week. That’s gone! These bad boys have kept me streaming at the top of my bandwidth limit since I installed them. Seems like forever ago. Ditch the one that comes with your service prover and feel the power and glory of web surfing. Oh and they are sexy and nice to see too.
... set it up without password if does not play nice with many wifi devices because of the newest wifi ... simple to set up but has major flawsyou cannot set it up without passwordif does not play nice with many wifi devices because of the newest wifi security protocols it uses.i wish i could send mine back and get one that allows the user to setup with password
Simply the best router on the market I've bought many routers over the years... this one was so easy to setup and it simply WORKS! I would buy them again in a heartbeat if I had the choice again. You will not be disappointed.
Blazing Fast! Love Google WiFi mesh network! I bought the 3 pack and now have super fast speed 120mbs+. Easy setup, had a little trouble at first but customer service walked me through each step and was up in no-time. So long Xfinity WiFi!
Phenomenal system that just works! Did you ever want a wifi sytem that just works? Yeah, its just like that. Super easy setup and strong signal in every nook of our 3500 square foot house. No dropped signals. I even used my old router as a network switch and disabled the wifi on it to maintain the wired connection to the computers. The family functions are a nice touch.
Hooked it up easily enough. Extremely slow Hooked it up easily enough. Extremely slow. My Comcast connection download speed is 180+ mbps, but the Google wifi is around 8. Really? I'm not using it and threw away all the packaging once I got it. I thought I could use it to extend my range...I suppose that might work but what I get is unacceptable. Maybe this summer when I move the laptop outside I will get slow but reliable connection. We'll see if I can use it for that. To sum it up...it sucks
is amazing. The other reviews are correct that it is ... Never leave reviews but this product, so far, is amazing. The other reviews are correct that it is simple to install and within minutes out of the box you are up and running. Speed is nearly tripled from old router (an older model Belkin), and now reaches the far corners of house/outside. I have 17 devices total (multiple smart home devices) and have not noticed a drop in efficiency.
Bad router. Bad connection keep disconnecting all the time ... Bad router . Bad connection keep disconnecting all the time I had to reset to factory every time and set up like new router
Five Stars Works great!
Five Stars Very easy to set up and great coverage.
Faster than what I'm paying for! I have Comcast 150mps/down and 5mps/up.I was using a Belkin router that was giving me 20/down and after some searching thought I'd give Google WiFi a try - 2 minutes after setup and I'm already getting ABOVE 150/Down... Crazy!These did not disappoint - setup incredibly easy.My house is 1900sf - I got three points, but honestly 1 probably would have worked. :)
The Router I've Always Wanted - Elegant & Simple Operation, Useful Controls, Excellent Stability, & Good Coverage I recently purchased 1 Google Wifi router upon the suggestions of friends who work in I.T., and couldn't be happier. My previous routers (both about 2 years old and of the dual band AC variety) experienced frequent connection drops and were wasting our 100mbs internet service. Our house is 2600 square feet with a compact 2 story floor plan and one router works great and provides whole house coverage, with not a single dropped connection in the first few weeks of use.Setup with the Google Wifi, which is done with a mobile device, is incredibly elegant and simple. Power users might want the old dns login dashboard, but I for one love the easy setup. The app also provides very easy and straightforward tools for creating guest networks, limiting internet access for selected devices & times, and monitoring the router status and connected devices. Google has done a wonderful job of boiling down the average user's needs and providing a streamlined and straightforward process to handle them.The router does a fantastic job of keeping the connection rock solid. It also provides good coverage. It doesn't send the signal quite as far as other traditional routers might, but it does a much better job of automatically selecting the best channels and controlling connections, and it certainly works just fine covering all 2600 square feet of our home.This is the router I've always wanted. It's super easy to setup and monitor, it provides useful controls for families, and it provides incredibly stable and reasonably broad coverage. Couldn't be more happy with it.
Don’t think twice! Love it! I am getting the actual bandwidth I am supposed to get. Most importantly, no dead zone around y house.
Five Stars Great product but Wal-Mart has it for $40 less
Five Stars all my wifi issues are now history
Decent, not amazing. For larger areas it is your only option Seemed to fix the issues I had with my Google home lagging and my Chromecast not functioning right with my asus RT model. Not the fastest thing in the world but easy to set up and works decent.
Easy to set up and good coverage Got a pack of 3 and put them in a pretty big home with 3 floors, placed one in each floor, and these provide pretty good coverage for the whole house. Speed is good for streaming and video games.The interface is easy to use too. Overall these work well and were easy to set up.
Four Stars Does the job for most home uses. No issue so far
This system is awesome and the controls I now have I always thought my service provider wasn't giving me the service I was paying for. Every two years I seem to have to replace a router and I only got up to 27 megabytes of the 60 I was paying for, no matter what router I was using. I installed this Google WiFi only took minutes to install hooked up a switch and got all my network lines running. I've got my full 60 megabytes everywhere in the house now and never before. This system is awesome and the controls I now have, with the help of their support team I was able to get my surveillance system back online with port forwarding .Wow I really love this!
Wi-fi game changer in my home WOW. For years I thought that I just had crummy internet service because our wi-fi was so slow and dropped constantly. I was using a good self-provided modem, an AirPort Extreme (as a router) and a second AirPort unit on the network (in bridge mode) to boost the signal upstairs. I was about to upgrade to faster, spendier service and decided to try this first. It took me about 15 minutes to set up, mostly because I decided to repurpose both AirPorts by turning off their wireless capabilities and using them as switches (Google has lots of info on various setups). IT'S SO EASY. And what a difference it's made in speed and reliability. Highly recommend.Note: Though I live in a fairly small home, it is old, with a lot of concrete, wood, and plaster to get in the way of a wi-fi signal. I decided to purchase three Google units and I now get a strong signal in every corner of the house, as well as in the backyard.
Easy setup and great WIFI!! So far this has been amazing. I already have the Google ON-hub and connected to Google WIFI was a breeze. With more use of my network with smart lights and outlets, my WIFI has been struggling with dead spots. Setup of the mesh network is all done in Google WIFI app. The app did all the work. All that is needed from you, is select add a WIFI point and what room you are placing it. Take a picture of the QR code on the back and done. I am now getting the speeds I am paying for. The app is very useful after setup you control your network with a guest sign in so friends and family only access what you want them to. You also can prioritize a device on your network. Say you are streaming Netflix you can select that device to prioritize your traffic. With that you can also block devices, for parental control. All updates are automatic done. I am a network student and this product is amazing. Very easy and simple and easy to use with great networks speeds. Mesh networks are becoming popular recently. I have only used Google's. I would recommend to do research and choose what your needs are. From what I am seeing mesh networks are great option for people looking to solve WIFI problems at home.
Trouble free This has been our most trouble free and complete coverage to date. Flawless. I would however like the option of choosing 2.4 or 5 mHz by device as my pc opts for the slower connection first.
Solves SO many problems Holy Toldeo! I'd give this 6 stars if I could. I've had many different routers ofver the last 20 years, and this is the best one by far for ease of use and for coverage.1. Every other router I've ever had has had an intimidating and opaque user interface, If you need to configure something about these others you have to wade through multiple menus of features you car barely understand. Google WiFi, by contrast, manages alsmot all of those features for you - not showing you the things you wouldn't know what to do with anyway. I can't imagine that there is more than one user in a thousand who would need the pre-configured features.2. The two techie features it leaves available are IP reservation and port forwarding. In 25 years of internet software development these are the only special features I've ever really needed to manage. GWF lets mew name my devices with names I can remember and doesn't even LET me worry about such things as MAC addresses - which it manages for me.3. Setup was absolutely intuitive. I got the three pack and had the whole bunch set up and functioning in less than half an hour.. Our condo is 2500 square feet on one floor, and I got eexceelent coverage not only everywhere in the condo but also in the common basemanet which is two floors further down.4. I use Chromecast audio for remote speakerss around the house.. Prior routers would lose connection with these frequently and for no apparent reason. GWF hasn't lost one yet. (It probably helps that Google would consider it important to maintain conncetions among their devices!)5. I've also got a couple of Google Home Minis. And their connection to GWF was also intuitive.In short (well, okay: in long) I have found nothing negative and everyhting positive about GWF for my uses in my enivronment.
Five Stars I know have WiFi through my whole house!!
Easy setup, looks nice, great coverage in a huge house If you have a large house then this is the wireless router you want. Our house is 4200 sq-ft, and our old router was keeping us from being able to stream quickly. I couldn't even multi-task sometimes because it was so slow. We upgraded to this wonderful system, and OMG the setup was so incredibly easy. It's like you have one router and two boosters. We spread them out around the house for optimal coverage. This system is best for a house size between 3,000 and 4,500 sq-ft. We actually purchased it at Best Buy (we've had a porch thief in our neighborhood lately and didn't want this to be sitting at our front door for him to steal, so we bought in store), and the geek squad guy highly recommended it.
Great coverage and looks great Ease of setup is unmatchable. Great coverage and looks great!
Great signal quality Great product. Had horrible signal with the modem+router product. This product resolved this issue, easy setup and great results!
Definitely worth the money Very easy to set up, follow the directions and it should only take 10 minutes or so. I used the ethernet backhaul method and I routinely get 4 - 500Mb in most rooms of my house.
Great interface, decent mesh Update: does not work with iPhone Wi-Fi:– I missed my return window.Waiting on a fax from Google. Do not buy if you need Wi-Fi callingGreat interface, decent mesh. Doesn’t work well with iPhone AT&T Wi-Fi calling. Has anyone found a workaround yet?I followed up on Google support threads, only to see it shows on resolved and a growing list of disappointed users who rely on AT&T’s Wi-Fi calling.
The appearance is good. Wifi function probably The appearance is good. Wifi function probably. Use ethernet network to connect between them will got faster wifi speed if they are not near enough. IOS version app always show firmware not most updated but will not update at all.The primary one stuck at final step during setup. Restart the app and wifi point to solve the problem. The bridge one need to place next to (need ‘next to’, ‘near’ is not enough) primary in order to setup probably.
A must have... have verizon fios and it works perfectly. I was originally using the Fios Quantum Gateway but after running a speed test, the google wifi system beats it by at least 20 mpbs in both download and upload.
Five Stars Perfect!
Fast and easy to set up I had wifi through my provider and their wireless router was slow and unstable. One of the IT guys at my office recommended this and I love it. I can run a handful of devices with no buffering, I never have to reset it, and it was super easy to set up using their app.
Definitely recommend. The mesh network is superior to WiFi extenders ... Definitely recommend. The mesh network is superior to WiFi extenders or repeater networks.
Perfect, except no AT&T wifi calling Everything about it works perfectly, except that it is not compatible with AT&T wifi calling. This is a known incompatibility (google it -- there are long threads about it). The product is useless to me without AT&T wifi calling. $300 down the drain... Fwiw, Google has refused to address this issue in any way.
b'At last..peace at home! No brained set up, very stable ...and solve all my blind spot at home and most importantly I finally have peace...no more \xe2\x80\x98dad..wifi down again...\xe2\x80\x99??'
Great coverage Couldn't be happier with this purchase. Easy setup. Great coverage. Said I needed the set of 3 for a 3500sq ft home. 2 may have been enough. Highly recommend.
Best WiFi system we have had ever Best WiFi system we have had ever. I tested speeds and within proximity they were exactly the same speeds from Wifi or a wired connection. Excellent coverage in a larger 3 level.
I really like the smart phone control I followed the directions, and it WORKS. I really like the smart phone control. Uses Bluetooth, so you can access router to make changes - even when (especially when) the wi-fi is not working. The three "pucks" needed to be a little closer together than I reckoned for maximum speed (about 30 feet for me, thru walls), but getting great coverage, easy setup, clear directions and minimum fuss. Did I mention? It WORKS!
Best router ever Best router ever! I can have a guest network and password different from my main one. I can stop and schedule any device access to internet. It even blocks specific websites. Awesome product!
Great broadband router and AP Super easy to install and good app interfaceCoverage and performance are good
Super fast. Holds connection in crowded building. Easy setup. This is super fast, reliable, and the setup app is really great. I turned off its light completely, which I love. Most important, I live in an apartment building and this holds the internet connection consistently and reliably.I previously had a fancy WiFi router with all kinds of antennas and flashy lights. That one dropped the internet connection several times a day, even after the manufacturer replaced it. With all of the apartments nearby, I assume that the 2.4 and 5 Ghz bandwidth is crowded. Since I installed this, no problems at all.
Five Stars easy setup, works as expected,
... wifi access points circa 2010 to the latest and greatest ac/dual radio/mesh technology I purchased a set of three Google Wifi units to upgrade my wifi network at home from b/g/n series wifi access points circa 2010 to the latest and greatest ac/dual radio/mesh technology.Installation was easy and I was up and running in less than 20 minutes with a mesh grid of all three access points. I have an 11K ft2 property with multiple structures. I put the main router unit (which was plugged into my network via ethernet) at one end of my main house and I put another satellite unit at the other end of my main house. I put the second satellite unit in my garage (separate structure in the corner of the property).Speedtests: At various locations around the property from an Mac OS laptop were as follows: From any location in the main house I was able to getspeeds easily exceeding 100Mbps. The highest was 140Mbps. From my Garage and from locations in my yard near to my garage I was able to get speeds up to 50Mbps (average was about 44Mbps). Decent speeds. Based on speeds alone, I'd say the Google gets 3 stars because I have heard of much better speeds from mesh dual radio systems but still, 43MBps at the far reaches of the mesh is plenty for streaming video.But for me, the fun stopped there. The main issue I had with the system was that it is designed strictly for people who have absolutely zero understanding or interest in computer networking and is very limited in how you can setup your network. The software that you install on your phone goes to great lengths to protect you from all technical details. This could be a good thing for some and that was indeed one reason why I purchased this system (because my wife wanted something that she could fix when I was gone and she knows zero and cares zero about computer networks) That said, I think there is a limit to how simple one can or should make something that is fundamentally technically complex. In my opinion Google crosses the line with this system trying to deliver wifi configuration and management in a wrapper of non-technical consumer messaging similar to what you might find on your facebook app.Here's some examples:Network Setup: The system configures an ip network automatically without prompting you for an ip address or subnet, DHCP range or anything else other than the SSID name. It does the same with wifi security. You can change the ip addresses later under the advanced settings section but not the wifi security. You have a particular type of wifi security you want? or your curious what Google is using? Sorry. I could see no way to Wifi security settings settings or change them.Radios: There is no ability to adjust the power or direction of the radios. The Google solution seems to be to just try moving the wifi pods around to different spots.Now for the worst: The router. So in the CNET review that I read, it clearly stated that Google Wifi can be used in either bridge mode or as a router/gateway directly to your modem. Since I have already a VERY high performance Ubiquiti router, this review was important to me because it meant that I can implement Google Wifi as a wifi mesh solution only and not disturb my very high performing core wired network or routing. The truth is (rather hilariously) quite different. This solution in my testing ONLY functions as a router/gateway replacing your existing router. It MUST plug directly into your modem in order for it to work as it has been designed. The router functionality provides layer 2 network that cannot be configured or turned off. So if you have a router already you are stuck with double NAT and all the issues this brings. Now the hilarious part. There is in fact a setting under the advanced network configuration settings section that ostensibly allows you to switch the system into bridge mode. But nowhere during setup does it give you the opportunity to do this. It does not sense that you already have a layer 2 network setup. It just goes ahead and configures it's own router, gateway and network. Then when you try to change it to bridge mode later the toggle switch is grayed out and there is only one clickable link on the page that says "Device mode has been automatically set. Learn more". upon clicking this takes you to a verbose help article which i am compelled to paste here in it's entirety so as to save others like me a lot of wasted time:"Bridge modeMost people won’t need bridge mode, but for those who do, we’ve outlined some recommended setups below.When to use Bridge mode: Bridge mode is only needed when encountering specific cases of Double NAT. For most people, Double NAT does not affect Wi-Fi performance. But it can be an issue if you play online games or use IP address assignments, port forwarding rules, and UPnP. Learn more about Double NAT and when you might need Bridge mode.Does Google Wifi support Bridge mode?Yeah, but it will only work if you’re using a single Wifi point. If you’re creating a mesh network with multiple Wifi points, your Primary Wifi point cannot be in Bridge mode. This is because the Primary Wifi point needs to do special things to control settings and communication within your Wi-Fi network. If it’s in bridge mode, you’ll lose some of Google Wifi’s key features.How do I enable bridge mode?If you are only using a single Google Wifi point andDouble NAT is causing problems, you have two options:Enable bridge mode on your ISP-provided modem/router (RECOMMENDED)Enable bridge mode on your primary Wifi point (NOT RECOMMENDED"OK! Great. So in summary if you play online gaming, use UPnP, have any port forwarding setup, or have assigned IPs, Or [let me add] print! ..(from any device wired into your ISP provided router)... you CANT use Google Wifi as a mesh system! The hilarious part is that the toggle switch is even there! Why not just make this abundantly clear to people up front?!?!Bottom line this system is NOT a wifi mesh system alone. It is an ALL-IN-ONE home network. You will need everything in your house to be on the Google wifi network or plugged into one of the LAN ports provided on one of the Google wifi pods. (Each Google pod gives you two LAN ports accept for the one acting as the router which gives you one.So why is this so bad? Well for starters the router functionality itself will become the bottle neck in your network quite easily if you have traffic of a typical house (50=-75 devices including IoT, security cameras, mobile devices, consoles, HiFi, Smart TVs, etc.) Even with a quad core ARM processor (That Google advertises as a feature on the "lets get technical" section of their online sales brochures), acting as a MESH main access point and a gateway/router is going to put too much burden on a single Google pod. The odd thing is that the same compliment of computing is being wasted on the other pods acting as satellites.Some other points about the router:QOS -> has been renamed "Priority device" Singular not plural. You can pick just one!VLAN -> has been renamed " Guest Network" and yes you guessed it. You can setup only one!Port Forwarding and DHCP reservations are configurable but sadly the port forwarding does not support ranges and port forward rules cannot be edited once created. The only option is to delete and start over.There is a potentially cool feature available called "Family Wi-Fi" that allows you to enable website filtering of adult sites, and pause WAN connectivity but it does not work unless you enable the Google cloud services that sniff your network. (more on that next)Do No Evil - Ok I had to include this in my review... So There is also a "Privacy" settings under "network & general" section. (I went poking in here as part of my futile attempt to understand how the Wifi security had been setup.) This section has three toggle switches all by default have been turned on. What do they do? Again I feel compelled to paste the un-abridged version herein (refer to screen shot).So in essence, without notifying the user Google has basically setup network sniffing at the layer 2 router level of your private network and is reporting stats back to Google! And the quad core CPU that is already over burdened is doing that processing too! It should be noted that unlike setting up an Apple device where you know there will be that one screen during setup that asks you permission to turn on reporting back to Apple, with this Google Wifi there was no such screen or notification during setup. Oh and they also set the DNS to 8.8.8.8 and only 8.8.8.8. (for those who don't know 8.8.8.8 is Google's main public internet domain name server) All this can be changed. But its a bit sneaky and IMHO a violation privacy to pre-configure it to the lowest level of privacy. The target non-technical user of this system will probably never even know.So in summary Thanks Amazon for the 30 day return policy. I very much appreciate trying this system out.I give this a 2 star rating for a person like me. For a complete non tech person who just wants to plug in and go, I maybe give it 3 stars. It will probably be better than what your ISP gives you in terms of wifi performance. But you MUST put your other router in bridge mode and you MUST be aware of the monitoring Google will be doing of your network activity.In my opinion this device is a really more about maintaining and extending Google dominance of your online usage than anything else. It is a $300 system that arguably benefits Google more than the consumer who paid or it.
Five Stars Easy to install and wide coverage.
Five Stars Battery not worth a darn
Simple set up Easy to set up right through my phone. Easy to change settings and passwords. Works great, would purchase again.It also had quite a few advanced settings, such as setting child limits per device and dark times. I have not tried those out yet, but seem useful for those that have kids.
Five Stars Bought this for my BFF for christmas...she loves it!
we are using 3 set of Google Router and Much Better than Apple Router I had for 3 years It’s been a week, we are using 3 set of Google Router and Much Better than Apple Router I had for 3 years. I retired Apple AirPort Extreme. It was not worth. Till now it proved to be a Good, reliable, and affordable solution. Over goggle Wifi, I do not get more than 150 mbps d/u on my cellphone, I have gigabit connection.
Simply the best! Amazing product!!!I have suffered for years now from wifi issues throughout my house: awful coverage, instability, low speeds... I have tried various routers/extenders/electric adapters combinations and none seemed to work as I hoped for. After a couple of weeks with Google wifi (3 units package) it seems that all my issues are solved. Great coverage throughout my 3 floors 2500 square feet home, great stability and fantastic speeds. Highly recommended.
Increased the network of my parents’ house. The quality ... Increased the network of my parents’ house. The quality of the video conferences increased a lot. Now they walk around the house and we don’t loose the connection during the call.
Not necessarily a router replacement Although, Google Wifi works well on compatible setups, they are not a replacement for routers in all setups. With come setups that use power injectors for over the air broadband, they do not work where pretty much all other routers do; even one that I had laying around that is over 10 years old. So, if you experience any problems getting to certain websites or streaming Netflix, getting emails, etc., make sure you return them immediately. I contacted google support and after months of troubleshooting they refuse to refund as it is past the 30 day return now, but was not when I initially reported the problem to Google. Their latest suggestion is to try using another router in bridge mode and then plug the Google Wifi into that router to see if that solves it. Haven't tried that yet, but seriously... Does Google really expect customers to buy a router to make their "router replacement" work? I guess so... So much for their "router replacement" advertising.Just to let other know that if you see any initial problems with connecting to some websites and services after setup, don't bother troubleshooting... just bring it back to where you bought them for a refund. Otherwise you will end up with some expensive paper weights like me..
Easy to Set Up, Easy to Use! The Google Wifi system was easy to set up, and has been easy to use. We get great coverage in our whole (1000 square foot) house with just one node. It's really easy to manage the node with the android/iOS app. We can turn a guest network on and off as needed, monitor upload and download speeds, see what devices are connected, and more. It's more user-friendly than the old style routers & access points by far. We're using this with Spectrum (Bright House) cable. They provided a router to get the internet into the house, and then our Google wifi point is plugged into that.There's only one wired "out" port on the Google Wifi point, so if you need to plug more stuff in, it either needs to get plugged directly into your ISP's router, or you need to get a hub. Spectrum's router had three open "out" spots on it, so we ended up not needing a hub, but it's worth keeping in mind.
Very good performance and reliable Simple to set up and use. Very good performance and reliable. Has very flexible parental control over kid's wifi usage.
Horrible connection- followed directions step-by-step Horrible connection in our 2,000 square foot home. We purchased two of these like recommended and our internet connection is worse then it was before. We followed the directions step-by-step. This was more of a headache then a help that’s for sure. Using data to write this review. Definitely not impressed.
Easy to use and great app So far it’s really awesome. I love the app and how you can pause electronics. For instance my kids IPads get turned off an hour before bedtime. You can create guest Wifi with a separate password. Makes managing your WiFi really easy and fun. Easy to set up and use. It’s also nice looking so you don’t have to hide it.
That may not sound like a bad thing I ended up returning these because Google is trying to make the whole experience of using them very simple. That may not sound like a bad thing, but for someone that really likes to customize and change things around it really leaves a lot to be desired. You can only manage them via the app and there is no web interface. I also noticed a significant speed decrease from my Asus AC3200. Went back to my Asus and will be buying another one to extend my coverage instead of this mesh system.
This system works great for WIFI connectivity on most levels and is nearly ... Please NOTE: This system works great for WIFI connectivity on most levels and is nearly flawless... However, if you use an iPhone or new iPhone X on ATT network and wish to use ATT WIFI calling, forget about it!!!!!! ATT WIFI calling is not compatible with this device. Google keeps giving the run-around for a fix and now I am returning the item because of this very issue. I need my WIFI Calling active, reliable, and working. GOOGLE has failed me. There are thousands of others who have the same issue with this device. Just "GOOGLE" it. HAHA
I wish I would have bought it long ago. its a fantastic product. 100% awesome product for a home with kids and multiple games and phones. I can EASILY identify who's device is on WIFI along with its stats as well as block it if need be. I wish all apps would be as easy to use as Google Wifi is to.
Better than expected Easy install and works better than I hoped. I was worried about being able to reach out to my barn from the last unit in a string of 3. But, no problem. I run a wifi camera and a wifi outlet in the barn which is about 70 feet from the third unit which I was able to install about 12 feet up in the garage. It reaches out fine to the barn. The system has been very stable and is perfect for me.
100% worth the investment Worth the investment. Our service provider boasted about high speeds but we still had to deal with buffering. Set up the Google Wifi System yesterday and WOW what a difference! Easy to set up, parental controls, set the kids games to turn off at bedtime, and set up a guest access. Very impressed. Going to recommend this to everyone.
Five Stars Very easy to install and use. Owned for a month so far, no more signal drops or unplug-and-plug required!
Five Stars Saved my house from goin insane with router on opposite side of the house
Excellent product!!! I have to say, this works better than I could have ever hoped for. I have a 3000 sq ft 2 story house and wanted to improve internet speed downstairs. I have a fire tv box downstairs and wanted to see if I could could get any better streaming and download speed. Without getting technical the answer is a definite yes! If you have a 2 story house this is a must have for better speeds downstairs. Highly recommended...
For the first time in YEARS I finally have wi-fi ... For the first time in YEARS I finally have wi-fi anywhere in the house. Tried everything before and nothing worked.
Would not stay connected, constantly dropping and reconnecting. Returned. No matter what I did, I could not get these to stay connected. Constantly dropped signal and couldn't get the satellites to connect to the original from one room away. I was going to use these using my pre-existing lan cables to boost wifi performance throughout our home and to all our kids bedrooms, but because these are only backwards lan compatible you have to setup using mesh first. Taking them all to the same room still couldn't get these to connect to each other and I'm talking a foot or two away from each other. I understand lots of people have had success with these, but futile for me.
Five Stars Very useful, now I can use internet at any point in my house, which is quite big!
Just like most verified puchasers said already Loving this product immediately. Just like most verified puchasers said already....The Wifi unit/s improves the speed beyond what i had originally subscribed for and retain the same speed wherever there is a wifi point around the house, the wifi signal strength is so good that there is hardly any dead spots. This thing is way better than the power plugs and wifi extenders i used previously to extend the signal strength but compromised on the speed.Set up was a breeze using the very user friendly app. Took me less than 3 minutes to set up 1 unit.The app also allows me to control any devices connected to Google WiFi....now i can control my kids' access to the net.The app also allows me to prioritize which device gets priority to access to the internet so that it gets the fastest internet speed.I can also designate one time passwords to my guests.I can appoint my wife to be the manager.I can control the router from anywhere in the world...So many things i can do with this Google WiFi.....unlike my previous router.Don't know what else to say except - go get one now, highly recommended if your existing router doesn't reach all corners of your house.
Parental controls are great, mesh is sensitive to interference I like the parental controls on Google Wifi. I'm not impressed with the mesh range between Wifi points. In one case I'm getting two bars with another unit just 25 feet away. I bought 4 of these to cover a 3 floor, 5000 sq ft house. However, it does give a signal throughout the yard.
I love it. I placed it in the middle of ... I love it. I placed it in the middle of my basement and it covers the whole house.
Warning: Can only be controlled from a phone or tablet Google Wifi works OK if you're willing to have all your interactions with the system be through an app limited by the small screen and hard-to-use onscreen keyboard of a phone or tablet.If you want to use the higher quality display and ergonomic keyboard you probably already have on your computer in front of you to control your WiFi, you would need another product that has a web admin interface.It's unfortunate that Google's developers thought it was OK in this day and age to make the only interface to their product limited by a 5" or so screen!
Needs work It’s great when it’s working. Once in a while I’ll wake up to a notification from the Google WiFi app saying the network has been disconnected. So I’ll have to unplug the main router and restart the network. Happens almost every other week. Never had this issue with my Apple AirPort Extreme.
Great Product! Must buy for anyone with high-speed Internet. We have AT&T 1000 which is the fiber 1Gb of speed. With the router ATT supplies us our WiFi speeds were 50mbps max right next to the router. Some places in the house it was <10mbps. As soon as I setup the Google WiFi system I was immediately getting between 300-500mpbs throughout the whole house. Right now I am just piggybacking off the AT&T router because they require you to call them to remove there router. I’m happy with my service so I will probably just leave it how it is. I also am a huge gamer and I don’t need to be wired into the router anymore.
Kind of works Ordered this to replace our Netgear wifi extender. The install and app are very easy to use. Wifi for our TVs have improved; there is no lagging and download speeds are great. The wifi does not work on our cellphones while we are in the bedroom. We have a 900sqft apartment and this should accommodate it. Generally, only one person can be on the wifi with their cellphone and it hasn’t be made a priority.
Google WiFi worked great out of the box Bought the NetGear similar device and could not get it to sync. Google WiFi worked great out of the box. Also has advanced features that NetGear did not. Very happy so far.
Speed, speed and more speed!! A bit pricey, but worth every $. I finally have reliable coverage throughout my entire house. The interface App is super easy to use and the ability to control internet usage for your kids and blocking specific sites is a huge plus.
It is my network setup or Google WiFi will work better by direct connect to the cable monden I bought this set from other place but want to share some problem I have! The unit itself got 5 stars, but I made a mistake buying the Google Home. The recent issue for crashing the wifi router, it hit Google WIFI TOO! My nightmare started from here, Google support will not knowledge the same problem affect Google WiFi and the call to the support is the 2nd hit. It is my network setup or Google WiFi will work better by direct connect to the cable monden. I have 20 plus years experience in the network field. If you want to by this, make sure you don't buy the Google Home or you will have the same problem.
Five Stars Ease of use and high perfromance
An amazing product, 90s to setup and works flawlessly An amazing product, 90s to setup and works flawlessly. Look at the drastic improvement of download/upload speed with and without the router.
Very reliable and great coverage I love this easy to setup mesh system. My only complaint is that it does not appear to give the best speed on speedtest when connected wirelessly. On my FiOS router I would get really high speed tests (for my Gigabit service) but had issues with coverage and reliability. The Google WiFi never has me not connected and has reliable Internet... You can never use more than 300mbs to a phone.... But since there is a speedtest out there, it makes me wonder why it is slower.
Poor clarity around configuration options I gave my review 3 stars because it is finally working good. However BE READY to figure out how to install and the configuration options from blogs and Internet search which extremely superising to me for a product that expensive and company like Google. Also, one of the WiFi that received (3 in the box) and working with google support over 2 weeks to replace it; great support team (if you can get to them) but you have to wait almost an hour every time you call.I want clarify my statement around configuration option >> in my case, All 3 WiFi access points are all connected to Ethernet (hardwired) in different rooms across my house to provide maximium coverage under one SSID with high speed connectivity to my internet router.
Five Stars Excellent product. Boosted signal all over house. No dead spots
Could not be happier with the Google system Was eager to increase wi-fi coverage throughout the house. Could not be happier with the Google system. Complete and strong coverage over a large area. Even better, the system was a breeze to hook up, taking less than 15 minutes from beginning to end.
Iphone Not Working on Google Wifi Dont buy if you have apple products/iphone/etc. Cant access apps while on wifi now.
I purchased this to replace my Apple Time Capsule; ... I purchased this to replace my Apple Time Capsule; I noticed no improvement in signal or streaming throughout the house. Be aware that this operates on both 2.4 and 5 GHz bands, but that you cannot choose which band to use for an individual device. This rendered my Wyzecams unusable. Google's customer support by phone is virtually non existent; I contacted them 3 times and was on the phone on hold for over an hour each time and never got through to a real person.
... long to upgrade my WiFi but I am so glad I did Not sure why I waited so long to upgrade my WiFi but I am so glad I did. Easy to setup and blazing fast. The iPhone app makes it easy to control the network from anywhere you have signal. Great product!
Easy setup and increased signal strength as desired Not an educated user as I've only had the product a about a week, but it was very easy to set up <15 min for all three. The mobile app does all the work once installed.Greatly increased WiFi connectivity strength in our two corner bedrooms and back office. For tech you would prefer not to have, the units are aesthetically acceptable and minimalist in design. My wife hasn't even noticed them or at least hasn't mentioned them yet. If you knew her, that would be a big win for the product team.Haven't used many of the family features but, while limited, they look promising. The WiFi pause button is useful when I want to get the kiddos attention without yelling or setting off fireworks.Her: (running to find me) Dad the Wifi is downMe: You do that thing your mom wanted to do while I work on it.Her: Thanks Dad.Me: (silently) I should really tell her... some day. ;-)
Recommend this !! Just got these yesterday quick delivery and easy set up. All plug and play. Google WiFi system as so far been the Best Buy. Give you room to grow with your WiFi speed and gives you tons of room to walk around outside and still have strong fast signal. Amazing! LOVE IT!! Highly recommend this product just because every time we bumped up megs we had to buy a router this good WiFi system well goes up to over 800 megs so we have room to grow. Love it!
Best router I have ever had Best router I have ever had. Fast, reliable and easy to set up. Gotta love Google. Plain and simple, can't go wrong.
Not for you if you have have more than one AT&T iPhone and want to use Wifi Calling. This works great...unless you have more than one iPhone, and want to use wifi calling with more than one of them. While I'm happy with the product for all other aspects, this one thing is enough of an issue that I'm putting it back in the box, and putting the box in my closet because I can't return it at this point. I made the crazy assumption that my new router would do a thing my old router could do, and I was wrong. If anyone wants to buy a slightly used Google Wifi for cheap, let me know.
Great when it first came out but if you enjoy ... Great when it first came out but if you enjoy using 40 to 60mbs when you are paying for 250mbs don’t buy and save your money....
Five Stars Easy installation and great Wifi connection anywhere in the house. Best WiFi mesh. No degradation of speed.
Five Stars It's worth the money spent.
... up in my parents house that is notorious for terrible coverage. It was a little tricky for the ... Set these up in my parents house that is notorious for terrible coverage. It was a little tricky for the first one, but that's because of my modem. The app walked me through the trouble shooting and got it going. I have two on the first floor and one on the second since the chimney in the middle of the house is the wifi blocker. We now get full speed in the attic and every room of the house, as well as the driveway and front porch. I may add another one outside to get coverage in the backyard (which takes about 2 minutes to set up).
Definitely seems to drop connection a bit more than my ... Definitely seems to drop connection a bit more than my traditional ASUS router. I hope they improve with software updates.
Five Stars Simple and easy to setup
Finally I solve the router/ repeater problem after spending lots ... Finally I solve the router/ repeater problem after spending lots of money trying to solve it before it ends up that Google has is it all
Good! Out of my expected, really strong WiFi signal around my apartment. Good !
Three Stars Range is lower of what you are waiting from Google brand, just a glass window reduce range in 50%
Great wifi, great app One unit provides better wifi coverage than the much more $$$ it replaced. The mesh works flawlessly. The app is better tham any other router interface I've ever used.
Four Stars so far its ok but my wife's mini tablet still having problems on the website
Five Stars Excellent devices
Five Stars Easy setup. Solved all my problems
Setup with ease. After a current failing wifi router I started looking for another one that would replace my old one. I found the Google Wifi system had great reviews. So far this thing is amazing. Simple to setup with the google wifi app. Speeds are amazing. I only bought one and is strong enough to supply wifi to all levels of our 2,100sqft home, two story house with a basement. I have it in the top level our house and the signal is strong enough to reach the basement without any issue. Google even sends an email to let you know how well your system is doing. I always thought I needed a router with all the antenna's to get the job done. Guess not. This by far the best router i've ever owned. Keep up the good work Goog.
Five Stars Awesome! Life is so simple now.. after I got these at home... coverage everywhere...
Works well with an Asus onHub Works well with an Asus onHub. Needed to call the customer service to solve a problem, was fast and easy.
Highly recommend Life changing! We get our full capable speeds now no matter where we are in the house. Highly recommend
Plug & Play Solution I was intrigued by the opportunity to bypass a router with this plug & play solution. Installation was easy enough and I'm pleased with the service thus far. I admit it-- I hate installing hardware and reading directions... I even set up my Direct TV On Demand. Not to shabby for a Sunday afternoon.
Simply Works Our home's 3 stories. The last 5 years we've had two 2nd generation Asus 'ac' wifi routers one the primary on the first floor the other a wired access point on the second floor. That setup worked pretty well but there were dead spots and the primary router has been flaky since a recent power outage sometimes losing it's 'mind'. Within an hour of the Google Wifi system's delivery I had removed the old hardware and setup the Google system. There's no dead spots anywhere and the signal on the third floor is near perfect. There's one thing to be aware of. Many older routers are configured with the ip address 192.168.1.1. The Google system's base router ip address is 192.168.86.1. if anyone's configured any of their wireless devices like a wifi printer with a fixed ip address, for example 192.168.1.100 change it to 192.168.86.xxx before you connect it to the Google system.
Five Stars It improved my connection with my ps4 for both streaming and gaming.
Good Investment for better Internet Coverage and Performance Really like these new WiFi routers from Google. I previously had 3 - Apple Extreme WiFi AC routers through out the house connected with an ethernet backbone and replaced them the Google WiFi routers. 2 of the routers are on an ethernet backbone and the other one is connected via MESH. Overall getting similar coverage as the Apples, but overall the connection speed is even better. The reason my connection speed is better was that I could never get the channel setting right on the Apples, but on the Google they're dynamic channel selection is much better so they always seem to select the clear channels. In terms of connectivity for all the Smart Home accessories, the Google WiFi pucks have been very good. No lost connectivity thus far for any of the cameras, smart lights, sensors, etc... and no slow down of performance seen. Further, the size, the weight and the aesthetics of the Google routers are much better than the Apple. The software makes the routers easy to manage, test your internet performance/coverage, and to see what's using all of your internet data. If you want a lot of control with dictating things those are a little more hidden.The only thing I wish the routers had was a couple more ethernet ports instead of the single one for output.
Would be perfect with more outputs Works very well. It would have been nice to have a second output because I had to buy and ethernet switch. The signal is stronger than advertised, since it works everywhere in our house. The size is right and the setup is simple.
Has really improved WiFi in my 3000 sqft house and ... Has really improved WiFi in my 3000 sqft house and outdoors to various cameras. Also the apps shows what devices are downloading and uploading data the most.
Four Stars The best in the market at this price.
Five Stars Very perfect
Excellent coverage Finally great coverage throughout our 3,500 sq ft single story home. Yard is covered too!
wifi worked better in a remote area I cant say there is ... wifi worked better in a remote areaI cant say there is anything I don't like I about it
Five Stars Fantastic. Easy to set up and works perfectly.
Easy to setup and haven’t had one problem since I ... Easy to setup and haven’t had one problem since I installed them. Phone app is easy to use, not having to be a Network engineer to put it in. The three pucks have covered my entire 2600 sq ft house. Great product!!
Five Stars Definitely sped up the wifi for my game-playing movie-streaming teens.
So simple that grandma can understand it. So far so good. I wasn't aware that configuration isn't presently possible on anything other than an iOS or Android device and that's disappointing but not a deal breaker. It's easy and convenient to configure and monitor the home network from anywhere and that's pretty outstanding. I've sworn by DLink products for the better part of 2 decades but I'm finally forced to convert because security updates are really, REALLY important these days and the other manufacturers just aren't keeping up.
Boosted my download and upload speed tremendously! WOW! I had a Securifi almond router and my download speed was about 8 to 9 mbps and my upload speed was 1.9 mbps. With my new google router my download speed is 25 mbps and upload speed is 9 mbps. Glad i bought this product and i highly recommend it. Connecting to the internet and setup is a breeze!
These things are freaking amazing. Great mesh network.Speed test that Spectrum or Comcast cant argue with.Ability to shut the kids down every night at 9 PM!One network for both 2.4 a 5 Ghz.
if you've got a lot of wireless devices, this is a great, easy to use option. My Xfinity install guy suggested either Orbi or Google systems and i went with google due to price. I got two, but i think i could have gotten away with one unit (small house, largish yard). The primary is hooked up to a Motorola MB8600 (DOCSIS 3.1) and following the online instructions, i was able to get my main and secondary up and running within 10min. What's interesting is that during the day, typical downspeed on my Samsung GS7 is ~80Mbps, but at night i can get over 250Mbps.So i ran speedtest on three devices at ~the same time: GS7, iphone6s, ipad4. They are all pulling from one google module and i get the following download speeds:GS7=68Mbpsiphone6s=153Mbpsipad4= 79MbpsIf i run either phone solo, they will get ~250Mbps (ipad4 nvr gets above 101). When i run speedtest from my desktop (wired through the google main) I get 300Mbps (xfinity max). It appears that each google module can only handle the ISP maximum shared with any number of devices.In our small house we have so many devices competing for wireless bandwith: roku, amazon fire tablet, asus windows tablet, 2 ipads, 2 laptops, 4 phones, xbox, nintendo switch, etc; granted only 3 or 4 devices are pulling at any given time, but it's nice to know that (with my 2 modules...with a large overlap area) several people can be 'working wireless' at the same time.No one in the house has ever complained about dropped signal or lag and i haven't had to reboot the router or modem (it's only been a few weeks, so we'll see).
Could never get them to perform anywhere near what was promised. Sadly, I believed in Google to make this work, so I kept working with their support for months to make these work... The list of things they had me do over a period of months would never fit her, but it was an insane amount of stuff. I sent pictures, I emailed them on almost a daily basis... But no resolution. I could never get them over 60Mb in speed and I have a 1Gb connection. So I hooked up a Ubiquiti UniFi and boom, 500Mb-800Mb in speeds, which I demonstrated to the Google Techs... so I got bumped to engineering level... All kinds of things going on with them... But no results. So sadly, I'm past the return period for the 4 I bought... 3 opened, but 1 still in the box unused/unopened and I can't return them. So I wasted $400 because I trusted Google would make it right... But I love the Ubiquiti stuff... Check them out instead of this junk... Very sad, because I'm a Google fan.
It changed my life .. and how! My "before" setup had a Belkin N600 dual radio in the den, connected via 2 Ethernet powerline adapters to 2 other rooms driving a D-Link AC750 each. One AC 750 turned out to be flaky and had to be put to sleep. The other one chugged along at an acceptable speed. That remaining AC750 was the source for our Netflix connection. Seldom did a day pass without a breakage in connectivity and manual restoration (via quitting Netflix and resuming it after 30s or so) and we had gotten used to this mode of operation.My better half replaced my 4 year old Moto phone with another, more modern, Moto around Thanksgiving and I was getting used to it. Meanwhile, the Netflix disruptions were getting too much to bear around the holiday season, with snow/ice outside and not much else going on. I bit the bullet and splurged on a 3-device mesh. Out went the Belkin and DLink routers and the pair of powerline Ethernet adapters and their wired mess. Ugh!Initial setup revealed some teething pains .. which surfaced when my 8 year old Vonage ATA died of old age probably upon finding that it had been connected to a modern router. Vonage rep wanted $79 for the ATA, then $9 for S&H, then waived everything. The smaller, sleeker ATA arrived a couple days later and worked just fine.A second issue emerged and I suspected that one of the routers was iffy (e.g., it showed a red light a couple of times, Goog WiFi reported that a device in the setup has a clashing IP address, and overall, in its vicinity, connection to my new Moto would stall, disconnect and then go quiet - no Internet!). Moving the router around a bit and restarting the mesh seemed to help initially a bit, but devolved to the same old behavior. Some more troubleshooting ensued in which I suspected that the Moto was flaking out. Whaaaat? The 4 yo Moto could still connect to and hold the connection, but the less than 2 mo Moto was dying right before my eyes! Moto customer service was involved and a session of troubleshooting confirmed my suspicion. Under warranty, Motorola offered to replace my device. My inner voice shouted - run - this is your chance to live outside of the "2 GB RAM" prison, and run I did to Costco, whose generous policy allowed me a refund a day short of 2 months from the date of purchase. I could have "played" with the phone for another month and Costco would still have taken it back.Mr Murphy famously said - the solution to a problem changes the problem - and my problem had now become finding a new phone. I did that and spent a mini fortune on a device I had vetted exhaustively (touch wood!).Our neighborhood was visited by the Gods of thunder and lightning recently and as a side effect, my cable modem decided to hang up its boots too. Though I cannot ascribe it completely to the Goog WiFi :-) I had to change that too.Oh, and then the laptop sitting next to a router dropped down to 2 Mbps speed - unbelievable - and in looking up solutions to the problem, I discovered the magic of 'winsock reset' .. which sets the connection speed to >800 Mbps for at least a week. Phew!Story-telling apart, the mesh provides a solid connection with a single SSID and no Netflix drops. As you move around in the house, your mobile device connects to the optimal router. From a smartphone, you can check mesh status, connectivity to the Internet, and which devices connected to the network are consuming data. The last one is important - it tells me that my teenage kid is still up and active, and I can either talk in person, or set a rule to disallow access to certain devices routinely. The app is the cherry on the top, very functional and easy to use. You can prioritize device access, for instance, your work computer, or your TV streaming Netflix in order to get a better end-user experience. I can happily say that I do not miss my messy setup from the "before" life at all. Good riddance!If I had to change one thing - it would be the power cable design that feeds the pucks. It is hard to discern which side is which. Why couldn't Goog use Type-C connectors which are reversible?
Super easy setup Super easy setup, wide coverage, good speeds and easy management. If you're looking for more advanced management features, however, you should look elsewhere.
Easy to setup Easy to setup. There are times when your node is to far from the hive and it does not stop looking. It got so confused I uninstalled it and re-installed. The new install picked up the old configuration and all was good again.It is not hard to setup ( simple). However, my home makes some areas difficult for just 3 node mesh [(1)house ... (2)courtyard ... (3)garage/casita; item 3 is the difficult one as the courtyard has some distance to the house].
So far so good!! I’m happy i purchased this No more lagging streaming tv!!! And now all my Wifi devices are connected to ONE singular network! I love the simplicity of it! I am not an advanced techie but i am somewhat knowledgeable, enough to do research and figure stuff out. But i found this super easy to put together! I took pictures of the box, and how it was packaged, i will post pics later. It was so organized and the app is super easy! I love that my internet is a consistent speed now!!
Great for old homes We live in an old house where Wifi signal doesn’t do very well from the basic routers you get from service providers. I started with just one of these in the bedroom and I was getting about half the speeds on an iPhone in the furthest corner. I added a second one in the living room and the speed test from point to point ranges from 150mbs-190mbs and now my iPhone has full speed in the same corner. Maybe adding another in between would increase speed between each mesh point but my service speed doesn’t pass what I’m getting now so I’m happy with just the two. The app can use some more settings and it would be nice if you can force a device to connect to 5ghz as my Shield prefers that to run streaming games.
AMAZING! Google Rocks! Brilliant product. AMAZING! Google Rocks! Brilliant product.
Five Stars Works GREAT! def. worth it. Made my wifi all over the house super fast. Easy to setup.
Works great, when it works The google WiFi system gives WiFi access to my entire house when functioning properly. That being said, this is one of the most finicky WiFi systems I have ever encountered. If you are not tech savvy, I would not recommend purchasing this system. Any time there is any kind of remote change to the network, it nearly requires an entire system reboot and setup, changing IP Addresses, etc. I have spent way more time fiddling with this in the last 12 months than I have in the rest of my entire life combined on any other router.
Three Stars Meh. It is ok.
Increases internet speed instantly We always had terrible WiFi service in our house, and was about to switch internet providers in order to get a faster speed. But after adding this system to our house, we never have a problem casting movies, or downloading from anyplace in the house. We LOVE it!!!
The most elegant mesh WiFi solution atm. The most elegant mesh WiFi solution atm.
PERFECT WIFI FINALLY WOW WIFI how it should work. You wont be disappointed.. Easy set up via the app.
Very nice design. The only thing is the extension hub ... Very nice design. The only thing is the extension hub cannot be too far away from main hub, especially since my house has corner. There is still limitation with mesh technology in terms of getting over dead spot. It should be sold to many parts of the world , not just US.
Is love to strong of a word? Works very well if you hardwire all the APs.When they were working in mesh mode, the house was completely saturated with quality 2.4 and 5. The speeds though, unless connected to the main hardwired device, would get me an average of 60-90Mbps. This is mentioned in some reviews and is a limitation of the MESH capabilities. It was still enough to stream 1080p without hesitation.After installing a drop/home run to all my APs, I now have speeds ranging from 400-800Mbps on my AC devices. It is by far the best wireless/AP system I have ever used.I do almost want to ding one star though. They won't let you manually select your wireless channels. They auto pick them, and personally I would like the option. I have done extensive testing all over my split level home though, and I am talking official surveying software, and Google wifi is selecting the best channels possible(My neighborhood is insanely busy with SSIDs of all types).
Five Stars Very easy setup! Works great. Love being able to give one device priority over others
Works great! Works great! Boosted our wifi to full coverage throughout the house. Including the basement!
Five Stars Working great in my 2800 sq. ft. home.
It was great for the first 5 months It was great for the first 5 months, then it went offline and Google was unable to resolve the problem so I had to replace it with another product. Very frustrating.
No wps, so i cannot connect my printer from a distance! It works good as a wifi router. I am happy about that. But One bad thing is you cannot connect your wireless devices wirelessly, like with most routers. Google in its infinite wisdom decided that wps is not safe and therefore did not include it. Personally I would have very much preferred it was included so I could easily connect my printer in the next room by simply pushing the wps button on the router for 3 seconds. Instead of deciding for me like I am a child, why not just show a warning on the screen regarding the insecurity and let me proceed as I wish. Personally I have never had anything go wrong because of this wps functionality. disappointed!
Five Stars This product really works. Could not get a consistent Netflix or Amazon signal until it was installed
router very good router very good
Works It works great in my older house with plaster walls.Easy to set up.Only draw back is the light it emits can dim some but not totally.This is a problem in the bedroom
Five Stars Made a big difference in my WiFi.
Make sure those units no more than 20-25 feet from each other. Easy set-up. Dramatically improved WiFi signal around the house.
Five Stars Works as advertised
Keep losing connection between the 3 devices Very disappointed. I've got my 3 devices 30 feet from each other and when testing the mesh I get poor results and connection. Streaming hangs and internet drop all the time.
Four Stars More stable than the system it replaced
Five Stars The best system I ever had! Much better than Apple's
Setup simplicity Super simple to set up. It replaced a two-router system. Setup was totally via mobile app.
This futuristic looking device made my wifi great again I acquired the Google Wifi system after I started putting smart speakers and smart appliances throughout my house. With my regular wifi, I seemed to have many issues connecting the devices and making them work together. I'm using several Google Chromecasts and four Google Home assistants and a few smart appliances and lightbulbs. Since installing this device, my wifi got completely stable without any glitches so far. With the app you can create a guest wifi and set controls to wifi access and even control the smart lightbuls, in my case the Philips Hue lightbulbs. You can set wifi priority to specific devices. Very happy with my purchase up to now. The wifi coverage is wide and consistent. With the size of my house, one is more than adequate.
easy setup, and easy to use customer facing application ... Flawless operation. easy setup, and easy to use customer facing application to monitor WIFi activity and performance.
Great coverage, simple set-up This system has been awesome. Set up all 3 in about 20 minutes and it's all done through the app on your phone. Let's you control them and check speeds, etc right from the phone. Worked great to get coverage in my basement and the farthest rooms of the house.
Five Stars I have been using this router since I first opened it, and I have no complaints.
Easy to Install I am a consummate DIY individual. I do have network experience but it was almost totally unnecessary with this device. I had been experiencing a lot of slow speed and disconnects on my network until I paired these with a new gigabyte router. Now things run smoothly and without the delays and slowdowns that had plagued me for months. The one disadvantage is that the ability to configure is limited but I guess that is what you really need, a seamless, well integrated hands off solution. Installation was a breeze and these can be setup by a novice just as easily as by a veteran like myself. I have three of these in my multi-story 2800 sq ft home and they work flawlessly so far (been a couple of months).
Love it! Super easy set up!
So far wifi has been stable with better signal strength except for a peculiarity with my mini ... Installation was a snap using my iPhone and the google wifi app. So far wifi has been stable with better signal strength except for a peculiarity with my mini iPad where the wifi gets dropped and I have to restart the pad. None of the other devices have this problem. Really happy I bought these for my three story house where the upstairs bedrooms were so far from the basement modem and wifi router that we had connection problems even with the ASUS wifi booster. 2100 sq ft home on three levels.
Five Stars Dummy proof setup and vastly improved my speed with all of our devices
One frequency band for the 1st 20 feet. Warning - - - If you have devices that use 2.4ghz only BEWARE..... This device broadcast 5ghz for all devices within 20 feet of itself. If you have smart switches in your home that only use 2.4 they will NOT work without another wifi router to handle them. The google wifi system will work with devices outside the 20 foot range according Google support. Google support has been very friendly but the company needs to take a look at its usefulness for all applications, short and long range.
Must have! What a great addition to my Google Onhub Wifi Router. Definitely extends the signal and creates a mesh of wifi through my house.
Easy, fast, perfect for household use This is my 6th wireless router (and first mesh). I can't vouch for how it compares to other mesh routers, but setup was the easiest tech thing I think I've ever done (definitely better than all prior Netgear and Belkin experiences). And it blankets by 2 story 3,000 square foot house with 400mb/s coverage everywhere. Pretty much perfect for household use.
What a difference this makes!!! Made an unbelievable difference! My house is about 2100 sq/ft on the main floor and about 1900 sq/ in the basement. With my router/modem from Spectrum I could barely stream Netflix in my basement, sometimes it would just buffer. Since I was paying for high speed internet from Spectrum I was frustrated to say the least. Tried an extender, waster of money, did nothing. Then a friend told me aboutGoogle WiFi and I thought at this point I have nothing to lose, except for someone to install it for me, after reading the reviews online about how easy it was to set up I decided to try it on my own. Since I had the modem/router combination unit I had to call Spectrum and instruct them to turn off the wireless portion on the modem, that was the hardest part of the whole install, everything else was super easy. Trust me,you can do it. Before the install I was getting about 45 mbps sitting right next to my old router and in the basement I was getting form 6-12 mbps, not good. Now I am getting 117 mpbs pretty much all through my house! Couldn't be happier with this product.
Five Stars bumped my wifi speed quite a bit
Is a yes I have the mesh installed in my house and since then no internet sign problems, installation was fast and easy and it also looks good :)most importantly are the control settings, works great if you have kids or an shopping online addicted wife (Evil grin) Muahahahahahahah.
Five Stars The best purchase ever
Works well in a 3-story home This Wifi system works great in our 3-story, 4300 square foot home. We placed a unit on each floor with the main unit located in the basement. Wifi coverage is good in all areas of the house. Set up was simple. We have struggled with consistent wifi coverage, and this seems to have solved the problem.
Works as advertised. Set up is trivial. App-based ... Works as advertised. Set up is trivial. App-based management works. Network connectivity is strong across the house.
This is by far THE best you can get This is by far THE best you can get. I've got over 15 devices in my house an this work perfect. Well worth the money and if you're one of those that read alot of reviews on products and still can't make a decision? Stop here an purchase it because I was in same boat. You will not be disappointed.
these look great and work even totally fixed our homes wi fi problem. these look great and work even better
Easy to set up! Super easy to set up. Internet worked good and family profiles were easier to set up on here compared to Disney Circle.
Five Stars Great product. Definite improvement over previous router.
The best mesh network solution available. We were having serious issues with wifi connectivity throughout our condo. This solved it instantly.Setup could not have been easier. The mobile app is beautifully designed.The design is also terrific. It looks great throughout our home.
Great Product! Would recommend Purchased this single router for a 2 bedroom apartment, about 1200 sq ft. Coverage is much better than the previous router we were replacing. App is seamless and setting up was a breeze. Remote access to your network is also a nice option. Would recommend to anyone! Of course since it's Google, it looks and feels like a quality product and the packaging was very nice.
Easy to use Small and fast. Easy to use.
Meshed WIFI home system. This is a great WIFI meshed/unmeshed system. Setup is easy as can be and the Google WIFI app gives you plenty of info about your network. If you want a easily managed WIFI system for your home, then this is the one for you!
Dead simple home mesh network without the headache Incredibly easy to set up, works out of the box without any hassle. The controller App [Google WiFi] is very intuitive and helps you to set up a guest network as well as to manage the devices on your network. I know there are other units on the market with more manual controls, but for anyone who is looking for dead simple home mesh networking, this is it.
Can be good for basic home usage Pro:This device is good for a regular usage at home such as Internet browsing and video streaming. The fact that it has a Gigabit internet port makes its communication faster, but you need to have a modem that also has a Gigabit port to enjoy it. Easy to manage on mobile device, especially the feature of pausing the internet or access to internet on selected devices.Con:One can't hide the wireless network, your network will always be advertised. For advanced users: You can't change the guest network IP address, also it only allows to create one personal wireless network (wifi name). It is 802.11ac capable (faster speed), however, nowhere does it give the admin the chance to set the wifi create to either 2.4 or 5Ghz. It defaults to 5Ghz, which is great with less interference, but what about older devices?
Product cannot be detected The product does not work. I cannot set up using any 3 of the pucks I have. I’m using an iPhone 6s and none of the Google WiFi pucks can be detected. The problem is not with my iPhone or internet connection.
Finally - extend Wi-Fi with minimal speed loss I have a long skinny house and wi-Fi Extenders - the super fancy and simple ones cut the speeds by 90% from house end to end 100mb to 10. I am now getting 60+. Not perfect but far superior to extenders and user friendly set up.
Super simple setup with great range Hands down the easiest robust mesh network. Lacking in configuration settings, but it's simplicity more than makes up for the other stuff you probably wouldn't use anyway.
If you have a Sonos system and if you want to setup more than one of these… DON'T buy! Ordered 4 of these. Set it up and "The Mesh" would work for a short period of time… then - except for the first wifi point - all the others turned to a blinking red light. Redid the setup 5 (five!) times to no avail.Then I discovered that the google wifi does not communicate with Sonos… or vice versa.
Vastly improved my home Wifi network I was looking for A/V specialists to run Ethernet cable through my house so I could hardware my router and bridge to extend the network. At the time, I was using the Apple AirPort Extreme and bridged an Apple AirPort Express. My house is only about 1600 sq ft so this should have been fine but we were losing signal dramatically at the other end of the house. Not sure if it was the materials of the walls but I had to use the cellular network when I was in my son’s room. This led me to consider running an Ethernet cable from my router to the other end of the house.Then I looked into Google’s Wifi system and found that you can bridge more access points than Apple’s AirPorts. Currently, you can only extend Apple’s Wifi system once from the router. Google can create a net to cover multiple directions and a greater distance. Also, Apple has not upgraded their Wifi systems in over 4 years.Now, our Wifi reaches all corners of the house with close to 100mbps everywhere. No more buffering when streaming from Plex or Netflix. This system saved me the installation fee of hardwiring ethernet cables. The set up was very quick and easy and the app is very clear and intuitive. Google’s system also provides other services such as giving a device priority, checking Wifi speeds, and setting up guest and family Wifi. I also like the idea of being able to extend the network even more if I wanted to although I probably will not need to. This is probably a best bet for small businesses or larger homes with multiple levels.I would definitely recommend this system to everyone as I am very pleased with the results.
Best Router I have ever owned! This might be the best wireless router I have ever owned. It was super simple to set up using the app. I have complete coverage and consistent speed in all parts of my house now. My only issue was the lack of Ethernet ports for wired devices, but that was remedied with a cheap switch I purchased. (You can also use an old router as a switch according to what I have read)Google WiFi includes a feature called Family WiFi which allows you to pause specific devices - great for kids. It also includes a Guest WiFi feature. I have not had to use these 2 features, but assuming they work as intended.I love the detail this router provides, shows you which devices are connected, how much data they are using in real time, in the past day, 7 days, 30 days, etc.You can control the LED light on each individual access point and lower them as needed.You can reboot individual access points, or all of them at one time.You can test your internet connection, the mesh connection and the speed.You can even use the app when you aren't home!I could go on and on about this thing, but compared to the routers I have owned previously (Asus, Netgear, Linksys) this is by far the best and easiest to use.If you are on the fence about price, but you already have spent over $100-$150 on a router only for it to STILL suck... try this out - you won't be disappointed.
Five Stars Great product! Easy to use, app is great too
High failure rate with an inadequate warranty. I got three of these for Christmas in 2016. By Christmas 2017, the first unit completely failed and would no longer connect to the network. I'm a network engineer so it's not my first rodeo.What's very troubling is by its nature, mesh technology should prevent a single point of failure. When a google wifi node fails, it takes down the entire wifi network with it. The symptoms include the flash red band. When you try to reconnect the device, it complains that you need to move it closer to the hub, but it still can't find it whether you try on the primary or guest network. You can reset it, but it still can't connect.So, I've tried resetting the Verizon FIOS router, the Wifi hub and the entire network to no avail . Finally, I just had to throw the dead one in a box because the warranty is 30 days only.The second one died two weeks later.Before this, I had Netgear wifi throughout the house. While spotty, it never failed in all the years I had it up and before that - Apple's wireless which also never failed in five years. So, I think this is not a quality product for the cost associated with it. It's well over $500 for the hub and 3 hot spots.Support? You can try the online forums, call into the support number where they follow a script for what you've already done or they can call you back and tell you to do what you've already done. So, I'm ditching these and buying something a bit more reliable.
Amazing, best home router/wifi solution I've ever used Amazing, best home router/wifi solution I've ever used. The "Family" related functionality is amazing and simple to use. Speeds are better than I've ever had with any other solution in our 1940's vintage home.
Apple is kicking Google's Arse with WIFI and customer service. Google wifi and google wifi service suck, unless you like waiting on hold for three hours. WIFI works fine, except for my tv's netflix and youtube: they work fine for 5-15 minutes and then start spinning (software is up to date).
Easy to use cover entire home. Solid choice if you are looking for a mesh Wi-Fi setup. Easy to use and has really great features like priority device where you can pick what device you want the most bandwidth going to for a set amount of time. This feature is great for streaming 4K video. I purchased the three pack for a 2800 square foot 2 floor house and coverage is great, I get Wi-Fi in rooms that had terrible coverage.
Five Stars It did speed up the internet
One Star Everything works except WiFi calling, which is why I needed this.
Get the Orbi Instead I wanted this to work badly enough to spend 2 hours with Google tech support. The first hour was spent troubleshooting to get it working and eventually we did get it working after a factory reset of each unit. The internet signal was ok 3-4 bars but what was frustrating was the signal dropping about once an hour causing the tv streaming to pause.The 2nd hour was a few days later when I discovered my Sonos system could not see the Google Wifi network. This is a known issue if you Google it. We were not able to get it working so I sent it back. I ended up getting the NETGEAR Orbi AC3000 as a replacement and the difference is truly amazing. I have never seen 5 bars everywhere in my 8,000 sq ft. house until now. It also was plug and play with both my Sonos and Arlo systems. Can I say Amazing again!
Good if you are your parents' IT guy... Like many, I'm the de facto IT guy for my folks even thought I'm by no means I'm an IT guy. But to them, I'm an internet hero. A far cry from their concerned countenances as I laid to waste automobiles in high school... I set the Google WiFi pucks up using an Android phone and Google's free app. Plug a puck into the Ethernet port on the modem from the cable company using the supplied Ethernet cord. Follow the directions on your smart phone to set up the remaining two pucks. Bada bing, bada boom, done, mesh network installed. Internet hero status maintained. Best is that I can test it and manage it remotely so my folks can do Retired People stuff. I don't think you could set this up without a smart phone so keep that in mind. For my peeps out there who are also part time IT heroes give this a try.
Five Stars Finally I have no more dead spots in our house. They work perfectly!
Super easy to setup I’ve had Wifi problems for the last two years. My provider always had excuses and never any solutions. I bought this Google Wifi setup, and now my only regret is not doing it sooner. Super easy to setup, and immediately noticeable difference. As in, lagging, buffering, drops, GONE. Buy one. Buy three. WORTH IT!!!!
Great connectivity and mesh coverage Limited controls, but it does what it says. Simple setup. Great connectivity and mesh coverage. That's what you want.
Just 1 increased speed significantly through my whole house! I thought my problems with WiFi were caused by my house. Nope! Just my terrible CenturyLink modem/router. Plugged one of these devices in, disabled WiFi on the CenturyLink router, speed increased throughout my entire house. It was 100% downstairs, about 80% upstairs. Installed a second Google WiFi, enabled mesh, boom 100% everywhere. My house is around 2000sqft Gonna give this third one to a friend. Wish they sold discounted 2 packs.
Mostly easy set up Mostly easy set up. Don’t plug anything into the other port during set up. Once I figured that out set up was complete in 5 minutes or less
No internet connection. Great when it works.Appears to randomly stop connecting to internet. This seems to plague android devices mainly.I have to leave the cable modems wifi available for these times as that always works, if you are close enough.New development: cannot connect to internet. Nothing is wrong with internet or modem. Cannot reset this useless thing because YOU NEED IT TO CONNECT TO INTERNET TO FACTORY RESET? WTH?
Netflix finally works ALL the time. Bought as a gift, and she loves it. Stretches a weak wifi signal all over a ranch home that had patchy service.
Google WiFi System 01-20-18: It seems that almost every two years I need to replace my router. My last router was an Asus and it performed pretty good and still works. I was looking to replace my router with something that could increase my wifi range. I tried several routers. The first was a Netgear Nighthawk AC3200. It worked for about a day and then it started rebooting itself, dropping all my clients. Not acceptable. That was returned. The next one I tried was a TP Link AC3200. It also worked for about a day and started dropping clients and not working reliably. I couldn't even stream from one device without buffering. Not acceptable. I was starting to think it was something else interfering. When I installed each router I made sure that it didn't interfere with any other wifi signals around me. I tested to see what channel to broadcast on and configured it to that channel. Still dropping clients. Getting fed up I decided to try this Google WiFi system. Installation was a breeze through the Google WiFi app. I configured my wireless and then began the task of installing all my cameras. This requires port forwarding. I installed each camera with no problem. I wasn't able to access them remotely though so port forwarding was not working correctly. My cameras are UPnP compliant so I enabled this through the app. I found that this was the problem. I disabled UPnP and I was then able to access remotely. So far so good. I will update in about a month. Hopefully this will have solved my wifi problems.UPDATE 03-23-18: It has been about two months and everything is working flawlessly. I am very happy with this system. I would definitely recommend these. Hopefully Google will continue to add features to the app to make this even better.UPDATE 05-07-18: System still working flawlessly. Have not had any issues with connections or speed. I have six IP cameras hooked up to my system and they work great. I can access them with no problem remotely.
WiFi service is now excellent throughout the house Installation took 20 minutes, couldn't been easier. WiFi service is now excellent throughout the house. It's only been one day, but I think this investment will be a great one.
Great mesh router system. These things are great! I have a 2800 sq.ft. House and have this set up in the ends and middle of the house. I get full strength no matter where I am in the house. My internet runs about 160-170 mbps and this will carry it at full speed. VERY easy setup and configuring. Would buy again.
Very easy setup, but instructions don't get you there Very easy setup, but instructions don't get you there, instead it's what the sticker on the bottom router tells you, and that's all you need to know.
I'm a tech nerd and this was so easy to set up it wasn't even fun. I'm a tech nerd and this was so easy to set up it wasn't even fun. :) Excellent coverage. Probably only needed two for a 4,000 sq ft open plan home. the third extends the WiFi signal into our large backyard.
Five Stars Signals went from 20mps to 60mps. It was well worth the money.
Good coverage, bandwidth, but really difficult for advanced configurations Bought these to improve coverage over an older long home with a lot of plaster and brick walls to transmit through. First floor square footage is about 2500 sq.ft. but the walls and 3 chimneys seem to cause standard modems some fits in certain places. The second floor is smaller but is the source of some of the dead spots.The Good: Have to say, I'm pretty impressed. Much better than using repeaters as I have before. The throughput is really good. Have a 100 Mbps service and usually test at between 60 and 100 Mbps over wifi depending on how far I am away from the points. Certainly simplifies things for anyone on my network. Just one SSID everywhere. I was also able to connect my primary point to a gigabit switch. Throughput through ethernet was perfect. Easily out-performed old router with its 100/10 Mbps ethernet ports. Oh, and the price is pretty good for a 3 point mesh network.The Different: Wasn't sure how I'd like using an app instead of a web interface. I feel like there are a lot of the normal features I'm used to just not implemented on the Google Wifi yet, but using the app isn't a big deal versus a web browser. All the main features I want are there but some are limited or challenging to implement (see 'The Bad'). Also might be a minor hiccup for anyone that does not yet have a google account yet.The Bad: Set up was a hassle for me. Full disclosure - I have a static IP service which is not normal for most people. The normal setup process assumes you have a DHCP provided ip address from your service provider. If your's is static, you will need to try the setup a couple times till it basically fails out. Took me two tries to finally get it to talk to my modem. It was in a weird state, but I could access the advanced features through my phone app. Then you can go into the advanced network settings to add your custom ip, netmask, and gateway info. Couple restarts and I was finally up and running.The REAL problems occur if you have devices internally on your LAN that have static ip addresses. I use a NAS, some controllers, and a DNS filter device on my network that use static ip's and I port forward to some of these. The Google Wifi router will not see them natively as an option when trying to port forward to. It only sees the devices assigned DHCP addresses by the router itself and there is no option to just type in the static ip. Ugh!The process to get this to work was to switch the device to dynamic addressing, let it join the network, then from Google Wifi request an ip address reservation for that device. [Also hope that the device is named something non-generic because all you see is the name and MAC address. If you have 3 raspberry pi devices, it can be hard to find the correct one]. When requesting the reservation, you can decide what the static ip address will be, but if you change it, you will need to get back on the device somehow and reset the nic back to that static ip address. I had to reboot my NAS once during that process to get it all to talk. Not a lot of fun. And definitely not easy or straight forward. My old ASUS router handled all this very easily.I am really hoping a firmware upgrade will change all that in the future. Would also really like the capability to provide VPN service from the Google Wifi, which my previous router did. I'm going to keep using this for now and see how it evolves over time. I'm optimistic.
Great at first but now is the worst wifi system I've ever purchased! For the first few months the Google Wifi system was great. The internet was faster than ever throughout the house but then all of a sudden 4 months later the internet would not work as fast and in some spots of the house did not work at all even though previously it was working fine. I contacted Google wifi team and they had me go through a whole bunch of tests that went on for weeks and at the end they said that there is congestion on my network. I didn't understand because I talked to many different reps and all said that there was no congestion but it appears since they could not find anything wrong that's all they could say. I continued to reach out to them for answers but haven't received anymore responses from them. Since they stopped responding to me I decided to purchase an Orbi and I have to say that the Orbi in my opinion is way better than the Google WiFi system. I'm getting blazing speeds again and have one less satellite in the house. The kids are happy, the wife is happy, so I'm happy. Still to this day I've tired to get support from Google WiFi regarding the wifi that I have an it's non existence. Because of this I will never purchase another Google wifi and I'm never going to recommend one to anyone. I'm not sure why this wifi stopped working as I have the same amount of devices connected to it as the Orbi and the same amount of devices from my neighbors are still around so I don't believe it's congestion that caused this issue. I have read other reviews with people that have the same problems with the Google wifi so there must be something defective with this product. I also tried returning this product to Amazon but since it's past the 30 days they said I have to work with Google but they are not willing to fix the product.
Don't spend $500 on a router to solve coverage and connectivity issues Alex Oh made an excellent review. I actually had the Asus AC5300. It is an excellent router. But I was having guests getting connection issues. I even got an Asus WiFi extender to try to help. That sucked also. I live in a 3800sqft up/down duplex. The only way you could get a decent signal was if you were right on top of either one.So after this last complaint, I decided to take the leap in to mesh networking. This thing work great. I only needed to have the pucks distributed on one floor and it covered top and bottom with no problems. If my guests are happy, I'm happy.I wish I did this sooner.
These are great! Fixed my wifi issues in my house These are great! Fixed my wifi issues in my house. My room is in the top left corner in a two story house and our modem is located on the bottom right corner. I've always had intermittent connection issues, and even bought an extender... which did absolutely nothing.It's pricey, but I guarantee you you'll be pleased with it. A mesh network is incredible.
Not usable after 2 months. No Google support.  After 2 months it barely works. It has an orange light (signaling no wifi) most of the time (I eliminated all other possible issues - it’s the Google product). Google provides a chat and phone suppprt options, but they never respond/answer in either of them. What a waste of money. Avoid!
Wifi that actually works great Prior to getting Google Wifi, we had as our router a Verizon Quantum router with a Netgear range extender that we used to extend the wifi network (I managed to get the range extender to duplicate the SSD and PWD from the router so it was a single setup on the phone or computer). Our old system would constantly give us issues, with unreliable Wifi. For example, you may have been connected to the range extender instead of the primary point, despite being close to the primary access point. Or the range extender had trouble connecting to the access point, and any devices connected to the range extender had issues. With Google Wifi, everything is working flawlessly with great speeds throughout the house. Could be some other mesh network is faster, but for us this is about as perfect as it gets. The idea of a smart mesh network, helps ensure that your device is always using the best route of connections as opposed to sticking with connections too long. I would definitely stay away from anything but mesh networks going forward. For home use, the network options seem to be sufficient; could be if you have some technical needs you might need a different brand. For me, Google Wifi is fine. Only complaint, would like to have more LAN ports, on the main point. Don't need more then one LAN port in general, but once in a while it comes in handy. Maybe would just get a small switch to keep handy if I ever need an extra port or two.
Nice system. My previous router was 2 Nice system. My previous router was 2.4GHz and it was getting old...my connection from the computer was constantly dropping and the bandwidth wasn't too good. Also there was a room where the connection would just not work and I needed an extender. With this system, I haven't had any issues with dropped connections and my bandwidth is awesome even in the aforementioned room. Just wish I could see/manage some more features that I could traditionally do with a router, such as choosing the band (or at least viewing) or 5/2.4 GHz.
I purchased the 3 pack and then one more unit ... I purchased the 3 pack and then one more unit as I have a lot of space to cover with wifi (approx 3500 sqft). The single unit failed after one day, the replacement single unit failed upon startup. The 3-pack worked for about a week and then failed. I'm done with this
FAST Wifi and EASY installation Extremely impressed with this wifi system, wireless speeds are upwards of 100+ whereas the previous router I had in place we were only seeing 50, well worth the buy.
Man can't believe how well this works all my internet ... Man can't believe how well this works all my internet problems were solve with this wifi system. Will post more in about a month or so since it just been 2days in use..
Family WiFi DOES NOT WORK Just so y'all know... Google is not publicly acknowledging yet that the Family WiFi features they are so heavily touting do not currently work. It's really easy to set it all up, and it works. For about one night. Then, the devices will never resume pause mode after the first resume from pause. Other than that, it's a pretty nifty little setup. Just really bummed about Google's lack of response.
Five Stars Easy to set up and works great.
Must have gadget Amazing Device !! It extended and strenghtened the wifi signal at my apartment. Configuration very easy, a must have device
Five Stars It works. It is compact and stylish too
Five Stars Covers my large house well!
Final Solution to Full Home Wifi Coverage Works as advertised. Full coverage in my 3-storey, 365sqm house. Very easy to set-up, done in less than 30 minutes.
what is not good from hey,what is not good from Google
Great coverage and easy to setup This is exactly what my house needed. I was getting terrible wifi coverage in my home which has solid brick walls. Now I am able to move all about my house and get solid coverage. Super easy to set up.
Perfect for a hands-off wifi network We live in a two-story L-shaped home that is just shy of 2700 square feet and is loaded to the gills with more devices than we really need (smart TVs, Apple/Fire TVs, game systems, tablets, phones, laptops, etc.). I'm not tech-stupid but I'm also no genius, and networking has never been my wheelhouse. I've always had difficulty over the past three or four years with getting good, strong signals to all corners of the house. We've had more nights than I can remember of settling in for a movie on "the good TV" only to suffer the wrath of the buffering wheel due to the distance and walls between it and the router.After fiddling with different combinations of modems, routers, repeaters, etc., none of which really had any positive effect on our connectivity, I threw in the towel: we were just going to have to deal with switching our phones to LTE in the bedroom, or re-connecting to the wifi every time the office laptop was kicked off of it, or finishing the popcorn before the movie actually starts. Then I saw something about this "mesh network" stuff.After poking around, I found out about Google Wifi. Some more digging and I saw a lot of great reviews saying that it works wonders and is SIMPLE. Negative reviews said it's not advanced enough, i.e. it's TOO SIMPLE. Perfect for someone like me that doesn't want to fuss over anything and just wants it to work.The devices are small, clean, and attractive; the accompanying app is informative, intuitive, and responsive; setup was as close to plug-and-play as I could get; maintenance is, as yet, not needed because I've had no issues.Each corner of each room has just as strong a signal as the corner of the room furthest from it. We're pulling speeds upstairs that we've never before seen. Our phones no longer stall out on wifi; my wife no longer gets kicked off her laptop; Netflix streams in 4k with ease. These were all small issues in the grand scheme of things, but the tiniest annoyances become quite frustrating when they continue to pile up. Our home life is a little less frustrating now and we couldn't be any happier for it.One note: I also got a mount called The Spot by Mount Genie - it's pretty convenient as it allows each node to hang from the outlet into which it's plugged just by holding onto the plug itself.The Spot for Google WiFi by Mount Genie: The Simplest Wall Mount Holder Stand Bracket for Google WiFi routers and beacons. No Messy Screws! (2-pack)
This is a great router. Simple setup This is a great router. Simple setup, easy to manage with the app, and it has great coverage and speed.
Easy Setup and Great WIFI Performance Easy to install (once you remember the password to you 5 years dormant gmail account) and the coverage in our very linear house is great. We at least tripled wifi speeds in most rooms. Expensive, but so far, well worth it.
Works great Works great - before if I was in the far side of my house I would get poor sign now I can be in any part of the house and get a full signal
This changes everything. Whoa. What a difference! I have a 3,500sw ft older home (1930s) and had a collection of repeaters throughout the house for coverage. I have a 20MB connection (fastest available out here) and I’d get a max of about 9MB throughout the house...hopping from repeater to repeater. I installed this setup in about 15min, and everything changed. I now have *1* network in the house, and I’m getting a full 20MB in every room, and even my back yard. Simply amazing. Don’t hesitate. This setup is amazing.
Four Stars Better WiFi signal strength.
So Simple to set up and POWERFUL! ABSOLUTELY a no-brainer! The easiest and MOST POWERFUL wi-fi system I have used. So SIMPLE to set up you will be up and running in minutes. I installed in my business office and now I am replacing my entire home network with this!
Awesome system, Glad I tried it!! As an IT guy, This was the easiest setup I've ever completed. Simple, and works like a charm. I had considerable issues with the wifi extenders, constantly dropping the network, not to mention the multitude of networks to connect to. This mesh system is awesome and have not had a single issue with the WIFI during the two weeks I've had it in place. I HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone tired of the WIFI extenders.Well worth the money. you won't have to mess with your home network again after installing this.
The setup is a no brainer you really just need to plug it in Works as expected and I can see which devices are now hogging up my bandwidth. The setup is a no brainer you really just need to plug it in... well and install the App but other than that it really does take the technical headaches away. I have noticed faster speeds and I like seeing which wifi point each device is connected to. I love gadgets and this fulfilled my sweet tooth.
Five Stars Fast wifi and extremely easy setup.
Speedy Wifi and I love the fact we can wire the access points directly Speedy Wifi and I love the fact we can wire the access points directly. Covers my 6500 sq ft 3 story house that is all concrete and steel construction (even the floors). Highly recommend.
Excellent product Love Google Wifi system! We are able to extend the wifi range in our house with the three units (actually, we only needed two). I appreciate being able to use the app to set timeframes for my kid's wifi to be on and turn off.
Easy and effective I am impressed by this wifi system. We have a 3100 sf ranch house (all one level). We set up the main unit next to our router in roughly the center of the house and a base unit in bedrooms at each end. System is working flawlessly and took less than 10 minutes to set up.
Took the plunge - Glad I did! Items were packaged well. Easy and quick setup and initial software update, great feature set, advanced configuration options (if desired), and fantastic coverage and throughput. I have a 2000 ft., 2-story home with a 800 sq. ft. garage and have complete coverage with this set of 3, along with great coverage outside, where I spend a fair amount of time. The Google WiFi app (smart phone) is required for monitoring and configuring network and devices, and provides ease of use and complete network control from anywhere. (For some folks this may be a deal-killer, if they want a browser-based router interface from their locally-connected computer.) The app even allows you to control the brightness of the built in router LEDs, in case it's used in a bedroom, where lighting can be a problem. I upgraded from an older DOCCIS 3.1 Cable Modem and legacy router and saw my DL speeds nearly double, so I am very satisfied with my purchase. I'm enjoying the option to prioritize a device, so that I can game on my XBOX One for a couple of hours and know that I wont suffer any lag due to other devices on my network hogging MY bandwidth! : ) The initial price can be a little off-putting for some (myself included), but a quality mesh network with this much control and ease of use makes it worth every penny.
Worth every penny! Finally have all the 200 mbps ... Worth every penny! Finally have all the 200 mbps that I’m paying Suddenlink to supply.Simple set up and no problems!
Do it. You won't regret it. So I had to return this item to Amazon because the first was damaged (probably during shipping, sounded like a baby rattle).But I got another and was all set to go. Setup was super easy (and fun). Three hubs blanket Wifi over all 3 levels and 3200 sq ft very easily. Love the parental features to shut off devices at any given time or schedule, and the app is terrific. You can see at any time your WiFi setup, how many devices,the current speeds, and any other data like the mesh connectivity.These completely replaced the Quantum router from Verizon using the cat6 from the ONT. The only thing that is odd, and I have verified this with a friend of mine with the same setup and GIGABIT speed, but in a different area, that the Google WiFi only seems to max out around 600-700mps on a good day. Average is about 500mps. The Quantum router would never give you speeds above 250mps on the 5ghz band, but would max out around 950-970mps at the router. That being said, your devices are now connecting optimally at all points in your house, and that 600-700 is being used more now than the Quantum's 950 ever did. I've recommended this to many family and friends already.
Now We Have Fast WiFi Just two of these took our 2,000 sq ft house from crappy WiFi to blazing fast WiFi throughout our entire house.
Worth the money. Works great.Easy to set up and app makes it easy to monitor. Upgraded to gigabit internet and am getting 400+ through the google wifi network (and about 750 on the wired).
Sweet system I needed to update my WiFi router, and did a lot of research to decide what would be the best product for me. I considered wi-fi extenders because of my three story house, but found that I needed a 5 as well as 2.4. My Airport was older and was half the speed of a directly wired connection in the same room, same computer. I decided on the Google Wifi (Mesh) system [Mesh means there are two other WiFi units that connect and interact with the base unit]. Google as it right: great packaging, simple and easy to install (it took me longer to think of a new password than to install it and get it operational) and works well with my Mac products. Very reminiscent of Apple products. You must set it up with a cell phone - I couldn't do it with my laptop or iPad. But that could have been this operator's error. So far, so good.
Simple and strong. Replace 3 routers with one mesh. Happy. I have a large house and have resorted to multiple routers, wireless and using the electrical wiring.Besides being a pita, having to explain to non-technically inclined folks why different points had to be selected depending are where are in the house is a pain.Setup was painless. 2 units, either end of the house, one in the basement - mid house, is giving me strong signals. An Apple TV, which was connected through the premises wiring gadget has not stuttered since the switch (we'll have to give that some time before I really belive it's fixed).But, mostly, not hearing "I can't get on" anymore is worth the effort.
Very minimalist. App makes setup a breeze. Live ... Very minimalist. App makes setup a breeze. Live in a long house (2500sq feet) where prior antenna router would not reach to the other side of house (router had to be set up at one end of house). Google WiFi mesh allowed us to have full 3 bar coverage throughout entire house. Worth every penny!
This is not true for this great product. I followed the instructions and the wifi ... I had a traditional wifi hub before and while it worked it was ugly, did not cover my entire house well and significant work to setup when I first got it. This is not true for this great product. I followed the instructions and the wifi was up in no time. I then moved the two extra routers around the house to find how to best cover the house and voila. My 16 year old teenager is finally happy that she has good wifi in her room. Worst case I can always add another one if I need it. Speed has been great. I get my full 100Meg if the device is connected to the router but I still get over 70Meg for all other connections which is plenty. The one limitation is the routers only have two Ethernet ports and the one connected to the modem will only have one extra. This means you have to add a switch if you need more connections. On one of them I have a 1Gig 8 port hub but it was easy to hide. I also really like that they look great no matter where you place them. I don't have to come up with innovative ways to hide my tech with these. My wife is happy even if I place it on any furniture in plain sight. Great product.
great coverage with excellent speeds easiest set up of any router ever. great coverage with excellent speeds. hands down one of the best tech buys of mine in the last few years....altho my ecobee 4 and echo are right up there too!
Fantastic - We were having a problem getting s good signal on the bottom floor of a two story Home using a normal WiFi extender . We installed two Google units and the Wifi has been lightning fast . We now get the same speed on all devises regardless of their location . . Simple to set up in less then 10 minutes
... Google to NOT be evil but this is a nice consumer grade product that’s made my life easier I don’t trust Google to NOT be evil but this is a nice consumer grade product that’s made my life easier. Just hate to know what I’m giving up... :(
Easy. Easy. Easy set-up. Exceedingly fast and easy set-up. Far, far superior and faster coverage than using the Cox cable modem/router and a tp-link range extender.
Five Stars Great product.
Limit Kids to access internet without drama I'm paying for 100 mbps at spectrum and this device can reach sometimes up to 115 mbps. I have 10 devices connected through this router and the average is around 40 mbps . I pleased with Google wifi and it is so easy to install. plug it, log in through your email and you are good to go. Oh!!! beautiful to block the kids while I'm not home. My kids hate this option. HAHAHAHA
Best mesh wifi for the price Best mesh wifi for the price. Download speed went from 20mbps to 80mbps, 3x faster. Super easy set-up. You won’t be sorry. I was a skeptic before purchasing. So far best decision I have ever made.
Excellent Excellent system. Took a while to sort out my lorex camera connection but that happens with most WiFi routers.
Seamless coverage now in and around house Not a techy, so limited details, but we were struggling with signal and dropped coverage in and around the house while watching shows on Bluetooth, etc. now able to walk all around 2 story house and into garage w/o dropped coverage. Signal speed now what we’re paying for as well.
Doesn't work well with smart devices I'm finally returning this to Amazon after a couple of months of frustration. I have a number of smart devices in my home, and despite Google claiming this puts out a combined 2.4 and 5ghz signal at one time, very few of my devices consistently worked with it. The Belkin wemo devices in particular consistently lost contact with my network, and my printer's wifi connection had to be configured repeatedly. It also had a very lagging response time working with Alexa. I have a fast gigagiber signal, and to its credit, it did sustain that throughout all areas of my apartment, but the trade-off of consistently having to re-connect my smart devices over and over again wasn't worth it. I unplugged it today and boxed it up to send back, and everything is working perfectly again now that I'm reconnected to my old modem/router. I really wanted to like this but it needs more work... it looks like Google put most of its focus on this device sustaining a fast 5ghz signal throughout large spaces, but dropped the ball on its 2.4ghz signal. More and more people are buying smart devices that rely on that bandwidth, and this doesn't do much to accommodate that.
In wifi heaven I am not a techi, likely your average home user looking for a whole home solution. Single story, 2,000 square feet, L-shaped home. Internet provider router didn't reach all points in home. I now have solid wireless in all points, 87 Mbps (Frontiers website says 30 is good). My install had one catch where the three devices list wouldn't load but the help information instructed me to forget my other wireless network on my phone and that resolved the issue. I watched YouTube install video before starting as I have found them helpful for technology installs. I like the low profile of the units, don't even notice them.
Work wonderfully but you may need more units than you think Google wifi has replaced Apple Airport in my home, and it is amazing! I have speeds I've never seen before, and no more wifi dead zones. My Tivo, which connects wirelessly and which has rarely gotten more than 50% ("marginal") connectivity, finally has 100% connectivity! I'm extremely pleased with this product. However, I'm taking off one star because Google's advice on how many wifi spots you need is confusing. They say that an apartment that is 1500 square feet or less only needs one access point. But the set-up instructions advise you to not set up an access point that is more than one room away from another. Although my apartment is about 800 square feet, it contains several thick (concrete, not sheetrock) internal walls. A single Google wifi point was not able to reach through two walls from my office (where my cable modem is) to my bedroom (although it did so better than the Apple Airport Express did). I had to return the single unit and order the set of three. Once I set these up, each no more than one room away from another, they worked amazingly well. Just be aware that you may need more units than Google claims.
Five Stars The best investment I did to my house last year!
Two Stars Do not cover all the arie
Hands down the best WiFi experience I’ve ever had Hands down the best WiFi experience I’ve ever had. I’ve used ASUS, Linksys and Netgesr routers in the past they all had pros and cons but Google WiFi has been the fastest, most trouble free experience I’ve ever had.Well worth the cost considering the performance and how hassle free this product is!
Great coverage, just test out positions With my Verizon Fios, I regularly get over 700 when I do speed test. The key for this product is in the beginning to test out different placement of the unit(s) in your home to achieve maximum speeds. Super easy to set up, just a few steps and it bledns in very well with the modern interior. Buy the separate brackets that will help to secure it to the wall and keep the unit low profile.
Quick, easy and powerful WiFi Took longer to open the box than it did to set it up. WiFi in house is amazing fast everywhere even on the furthest mesh point. Finally for the first time in 5 years I have full house cover at full isp speeds. Amazing. If you want WiFi that works I recommend this for you.
This seems to be a good system for a medium size home Somewhat mixed feelings. This seems to be a good system for a medium size home, but not so much for large areas or in my case, building to building WiFi. I was using a Netgear range extender previously to share my neighbor's WiFi, which delivered near full bandwidth but better results when plugged into it. I wanted to bring that device upstairs and figured I would add a Google WiFi point to add to my neighbor's mesh system which I had setup for them. Even with the main point near the window and my WiFi point near the window, throughput was good to weak at times. Reading various IT professional reviews it seemed the common complaint was lack of power. These units are just not big enough to deliver in situations where there is interference with walls & glass. At their house however, the results were excellent from front of the house to the back on the same floor. So take into account if you need large range and power, better go with Netgear.
It just works! So I'm coming from a terribly, terribly slow and aged Linksys e1000 router that followed me from DSL to Cable. My speeds were horrendous. I was paying for 75 Up/9 down and would barely crack at 3/1. It was the router! (I also replaced my modem too. Who wants to pay 10 bucks a month when you can just buy one for 50 bucks?)After some research, I found that the Google WiFi would be heads and tails of an improvement over my current set-up. (Let's be honest here, any router made post 2012 would have been better than my Linksys e1000.)It was super easy to set-up. I swear in about 15 minutes I had my WiFi network online and my AppleTV hard wired into the router and my other devices online as well. Comcast just increased my speed so I'm getting close to 100 now. Its been close to a month and *knocks on wood*, so far, good. Great product~
Great Product & Features! So far so good...great improvement from what I had & great features!
Easy to set up but drops some devises. Easiest wireless I have ever set up! Connected all of my wireless devises with out an issue.BUT, the wireless was disconnected from my LG Smart LED TV & will not reconnect. I used another wireless access point and connected just fine. Confused.
Keep up to date with Google for security, very good coverage. Worked fine with the coverage, keep up to date from Google.Move all the devices into the Google WIFI network (layer between your ISP's router and your home devices), you can then see and monitor the devices at home. Very nice function and easy to set up and nice coverage.
nice app but it will still disconnect from time to ... expected more from google. had a major outage when some remote update initiated by google disconnected me for hours. nice app but it will still disconnect from time to time and then be unable to talk to the wifi point. just like with other routers it will need to be restarted from time to time. otherwise nice design and speed, good app.
It uses 1 network name for you entire house and seems to have better individual coverage than our previous 3 routers with 3 ... Overall the wifi system works well. It took 5 or so hard reset tries to get the base unit to initialize without error which had me concerned, but every other unit connected right away. It uses 1 network name for you entire house and seems to have better individual coverage than our previous 3 routers with 3 network names. The only negative is that our devices wont switch to the closest one with the strongest signal. I believe that is a result of the device networking management, not with the google wifi. But the power of the wifi is good enough that we still have useable internet at the other end of the house from where it is connected. A quick turn of the device wifi off and on will connect the device to the closest one again if it's a problem.... must better than changing network names like we used to do.We have each access point hardwired with ethernet which you can indeed do, to maximize the speed.The wifi management tool from the phone is slick too. It shows what is connected to each point, the realtime data usage of each device on it, and if the access point is wireless or hardwired.
EASY. AFFORDABLE. SLICK LOOKING. PERIOD! Mindblowingly easy set up! Works great. I installed one downstairs and one upstairs. I did it all, unboxing included in about 15 minutes. Very slick! Very customizable settings. I have an Electronics Engineering degree and didn't even need it lol. I think the average teen these days could set this up with such an intuitive app and simple connectivity. Highly recommend this system, oh and I forgot to mention the pods are nice looking, small, and it's very affordable! Slam dunk, Gogle Wifi!
Very impressed Setup was extremely easy. Greatly improved my home wifi. Pretty much doubled my download speed
Amazing! I just set up our Google WiFi network, which was easy! So far, I can get fast internet anywhere in the house...even in previously hard to get places. We'll see how it performs over time and when more devices are connected, but it looks very promising!
Easy to set-up with the downloaded APP and I have ... Easy to set-up with the downloaded APP and I have a much faster wi-fi speed. Thank you!!! However, when installing the 2 additional wi-fi routers I kept getting a message that I needed to move closer to the main router which kind of defeats the purpose! This system claims to cover a house of up to 4000 sq. ft., mine is half that; and shows in the pictures of covering a two level home. So, I can't understand what the error message was for. My main one is on the first level in my office, and I left one in the kitchen and one in the master bedroom upstairs. Not over 30 feet from the main but of course there are walls and floors in between the main.
EXCELLENT, EASY and FAST. I LOVE IT super easy to setup, the best part is that it works spectacularly throughout the whole house. I used Ethernet cable from one of them to my dish hopper and went from down load speed of 3 to 4 mbps to over 100mbps . Can download an hour hd show in about 4 minutes. The Wireless also Gives me at least 76 mbps in every room of the house. I've gone through a lot of different routers in the last several years this is by far the best of the best!
Great for whole house coverage, outdoors too! This is a great router kit. I placed mine in various rooms to run wireless security cameras outdoors and I have perfect coverage. These are not cheap but they are not cheaply made either. Well done Google. Set up is very easy and intuitive. These will beat anything you cable company can provide.
Speed and coverage is great! Just received this while home on lunch and I was able to install within 10-15 minutes. Speed and coverage is amazingly better than what I had!
Awesome Family of five with multiple wireless devices and smart televisions in two story 2200 sq foot house plus basement. I was using a single TRENDnet Wireless AC1750 Dual Band Gigabit Router but would get poor signal in my bedroom and basement. Amazon video, YouTube, and Netflix would always be slow or not work. Decided to buck up and buy the Google Wifi System and it might have been the best purchase I made all year. No longer have signal issues.
Five Stars It works great and was very easy to set up.
beautiful mesh network very easy to use and the best ... beautiful mesh networkvery easy to use and the best now we can control our kids devices so they can focus on school homework :)
Does what is says it will do, stable WIFI without hassle Easy to add one more AP to my existing system to expand the coverage.
Amazing! I don’t normally brag about network equipment, but this is some incredibly cool stuff. You shouldn’t have to think about your WiFi network, it should just work - and this is the first setup I’ve ever purchased that makes this possible. Thanks, Google!
In general I think it's a good product but I experience A LOT of dropouts In general I think it's a good product but I experience A LOT of dropouts. My wired connections will have great internet connectivity all the time but my wireless devices at certain times will just stop working until I reset them. They will show full bars connection to the wireless network but not have internet connectivity. This is not okay. I think google needs to do an update to fix the reliability.
Simple set up, the app does it all for ... Simple set up, the app does it all for you. Increased my download speed in the dead spot to 85Mps!
Not as easy to set up as expected to some time and ... Not as easy to set up as expected to some time and a call with support. Since setup however...perfect.
Speed plus Simplicity Using it at home for a couple of weeks now. After trying various router systems (one twice the price of G's wifi), We gave wifi a try. It's very simple to setup through the app like a "hundred seconds".We've got 3-4 devices on the net at any given time, and connection is solid. Through concrete walls! Thanks Google, you've nailed it with this system.I just hope they don't force insufficiently tested updates on the routers with bugs and bugs and bugs... like Apple (absolute disappointment lately, after thirty years of being a faithful Mac user).Paid full price for the G wifi
Loss of Mbps throughput. Got 100Mbps, dials that speed connected directly to the modem, but when connected to the wifi, it reduces 50%.
Best router I've ever had Best router I've ever had. Easy to setup, easy to use, easy to manage. Highly recommend it for anyone that has a need for a mesh network at home or a small business area.
One Star terribly slow in certain area and range is not nearly as wide as claimed
This mesh architecture is sooo much better than the cobbled together network I had before This mesh architecture is sooo much better than the cobbled together network I had before. I have one unit on each level of my house (upstairs, ground floor, basement) that I have been running for about a year and coverage, stability and performance are all excellent. Installation and setup is a breeze using the Google Wifi app which is also top notch. It takes all of the technical stuff and rolls it into something anyone can understand and more importantly use. Those who like to geek out with their router settings probably will not like this approach but I would argue that the real-time machine learning built into these units does a better job of delivering an optimized wireless experience than tweaking things manually ever could. I would recommend these to anyone looking to simplify and improve their personal wireless network.
Easy to Set Up and Much Better Signal Everywhere Great and interesting new Wifi system. I replaced an older dual band Netgear N600 traditional router that was slow and had several dead spots in my home. This new Google system was very easy to set up with the app and allowed me to place the "points" where I wanted to insure a consistent wifi signal everywhere. At $269 it's more expensive than a basic router but within $30-$40 of the more expensive ones and it gives you much better coverage...which is what we all want.
Five Stars Easy to setup.
Schweeeeet !! Solid router at a value price. Recommend ! Highly legit product! Just went thru the smooth setup, only a single point needed in this home. Have all our devices logged on, and I speed tested them all before and after. Replaced a not-too-old (2-3 years) wireless router with this item, and it meets / exceeds expectations in every way. Overall about a 20-25% improvement in throughput.No sketchy coverage areas in our home to begin with, but I see much less degradation with distance than before. Very pleased. We don't have a need for the family features/zone control but assume they would work well too. Attractive in any setting in any home IMO. Would have bought black if offered but OK with white. Seems well made, high quality cordage, and packaging. Tech elegant and solid value at this price. Gamers may need a Sauron's helment router but we don't
Great router with a functional sweet app Works good, they have a mobile app that helps you set it up. The experience within the app is super nice. I've had it for 3 months or so and it's working perfectly. I have 200mbps internet from Comcast, I speed test often to ensure the quality of service I pay for, and my wifi download speed is always around the 180 range. I'd say Google Wifi System is handling everything well.In the app, you can easily:- check internet speed on Google Wifi (whenever you're trying to troubleshoot on network speed issue, this comes in handy)- change password- set priority device(s)- set wifi schedule for certain users (ie kids)- set up guest wifi- home control features- get help or customer support- see if your cable is feeding wifi, see what devices are connected to Google Wifi
I like the size of these I like the size of these, just perfect. Our streaming of our tv's upstairs has greatly improved. We were getting thrown off of channels or they would stop in mid story. It's not perfect, but much better than we had before.
Want a better Wi-Fi signal? Then buy this now! Wish I bought this sooner. I have it in my front bedroom and you get 2 stable bars all the way to the back of my house and it's almost 2,000 sq ft. So for once, a products description is actually true. Said 1,500 and it does that very well. Almost got a 2nd one to cover out to my backyard but I held off for now.
Easy to set up and no more dropped signals Gave our house the wifi boost we were looking for. Easy to set up and no more dropped signals.
Very happy. After a week one node/unit stopped working Very happy. After a week one node/unit stopped working. Unfortunately they had to seen the whole 3 node package, but all I had to do was replace the one node so there was no interruption with my coverage at all. Very impressed and happy. Thanks
Like a lot of the reviews about this product Like a lot of the reviews about this product...it’s great! Solved all my problems with WiFi dead spots in my house. Literally took maybe 10 mins to set up, and as soon as they were plugged in it’s a completely full WiFi signal. I would recommend this to anyone. I have Comcast and you just plus the main hub thing into the modem/router and you’re good to go. Couldn’t be any easier
Yes! A Must Buy... Other Asus router glitched. I Ordered This, and we LOVE it! So easy to set up! Plug into modem with cord included. Downloaded app, and this really works fast! Highly recommend!
Amazing router in every way! I'll start by saying this replaced a 6 year old Belkin router that was starting to give me issues. This router is light years ahead in setup, performance and management. Not once did I get a drop connection and I connect everytime, all the time. Don't think twice just get it you won't regret it.
Great signal throughout Works great! Over 11 devices connected almost always. No connection drops! Pretty big house with 120 Mbps (my cable plan is 120) download speeds in just about all rooms.
WAY BETTER THAN WHAT WE HAD WAY BETTER THAN WHAT WE HAD! Def speeds up your internet. Great for townhomes because it stretches your connection.
Works great very nice Works great get good coverage with 28 mbps and very easy to set up. May get another one to expand for outdoors in summer.
Best Router I've Ever Had I have been using this product for several months now and can confidently give this product 5 stars. My frame of reference here is not the two in one ISP router. I've used many different routers in the past including the ASUS CM-32, Netgear AC1750, D-Link AC3200, Netgear Nighthawk X8 and the Netgear Nighthawk AC1900. This one is by far the best I've ever used. Here's why...Setup:Router setup is usually a bit of a cumbersome process involving web interfaces that can be buggy (Asus was particularly buggy). Not here. The Google Wifi system is entirely driven through a smart phone app. It was a quick step by step installation and provided enhanced functionality like port forwarding.Coverage:Having three nodes covering the corners of my home has allowed me to get good coverage everywhere. Previously only the Netgear Nighthawk AC1900 even got close. Now every corner of every room is capable of streaming HD video, and most can perform at 4K levels on Wifi.Usability:Moving from room to room is a painless exercise. The transition is mostly seamless, with only an occasional hiccup when moving from node to node. Managing the network is easy. The app interface is polished and fully featured, allowing you to perform detailed diagnostics and even running regular speed tests.Cons:The only negative of this device is it only supports one wired connection. This can be easily resolved with a switch though, so it doesn't lose a star for that.
Five Stars The best wifi that you will have. The work great!!!
Good Mesh network solution. Easy to setup! Good Mesh network solution. Easy to setup. The App could be improved with better features to help monitor/mange the home networks. Really missing a feature in the app that would show what apps are using up the bandwidth. One can only see total bandwidth per device. Like the test features in the App to check BW at various locations in the house to help you place the WIFI Nodes.
Works great! Easy install Works great! Easy install. Although it took a while for install to be completed...Signal is great, performance is great...Love the features the Google Home app provides with tracking data usage among devices, prioritizing certain devices, turning off internet access to specific devices, and the ability to turn the light off...I have one in master bedroom, and glad I don't have to have the indicator light on all night..
Great download/upload speeds Have been struggling with WiFi range extenders forever. After some research decided to go with the Goggle WiFi mesh network. I have a 5000 Sq. Ft. house so purchased the set of 3. It took about 10 total minutes to set up on my Xfinity network. Just downloaded the App, plugged it in and the app took care of the rest. I never write reviews but this was certainly worthy of one. Great download/upload speeds, incredibly easy set up, couldn't be happier with it.
Amazing results. We live in an old three story house with plaster and metal lathing. The walls are thick and the doors are solid wood. We had a single router in one end of the house and had to have 4 wireless extenders/access points to cover the whole house with spotty coverage in some areas. My partner runs a business from the house and reliable WiFi is a must.Setting up this Google system was extremely easy. It is controlled from the app on my phone. I have two of the three pods set up on the first floor. They are connected by ethernet cable through the basement. I get full coverage through the house from these two pods.My previous average internet speed, while sitting right in front of my old router, was around 30Mbps. With this new system I get over 100Mbps through the entire house- basement to third floor.I am extremely impressed and recommend this whole-heartedly!
So far... I love this product! So far I love the Google Wi-Fi. This mesh networking is amazing, especially in my 100 yr old home (lathe & plaster walls). Before Wi-Fi extenders is all I could use, which meant having to manually switch routers when in different parts of the house (3600 sq ft) and slower speeds. So far every part of the house is MUCH faster and seamlessly connects without any drops in signal. Incredibly easy to set up as well. Love this product...
Be prepared to spend hours looking for answers Connectivity and setup was great, but nothing worked after that. The setup found the “mesh” and all 3 devices, and my phone and iPad connected. The 4G TV did not connect... none of my Echo devices connected. I took it all apart, tried individual routers and after three hours I decided that it was just not worth it. EXTREMELY disappointed!
BEST WIFI ROUTER EVER!!! This replaced my TP-Link Router and Range Extender. Best Wifi system ever. This system setup in 2 minutes. All I had to do was disconnect my existing router and range extender, install the Google Wifi app on my phone, plug the Google units in, and scan the QR codes. The app found the Google units on its own and installed the mesh system very quickly and easily. I no longer have any dead zones in my condo, and the speeds are super fast in each room. Each Google unit only has one ethernet port to use for devices, so I used that one ethernet port for a 5 plug switch and hardwired 5 pieces of equipment on each unit, I use the wifi strickly for the laptop computers, cell phones, tablets, and guest network.
Worth every penny Dont know why i debaited buying this for so long solved all my wifi issues the minute i hooked it up. I now get signal down the block when i couldnt get signal two rooms away before. Worth every penny.
set-up is super easy and very seamless I don’t often write reviews but felt compelled in this case, in hopes this info helps someone else. First, set-up is super easy and very seamless. Moving the WiFi points is also very easy, in order to get the best configuration. Next, I did a lot research to see if this system would work with Ring doorbells and cameras. Many have had issues because with this system, you can’t pick the 2.4 or 5 MHz band. Ring uses 2.4 MHz. When I set up this Google Mesh, I named the network the same as my previous SSID. The Ring cameras immediately picked this up and connected to the 2.4 MHz band. Two days in, no problems.The only issue I have encountered is apparently a non-issue. When I first set the mesh network up and place my WiFi points, the Ring cameras connected to these specific locations. Later on, I moved one point to a different location in my home, further away from a specific Ring camera. After moving the point further away, the Ring camera stayed connected to that point even though there is one closer to the camera. Apparently this isn’t an issue, because the camera still shows a good WiFi signal.
Lacking things that show routers aren't their strong suit Too late to return after Asus announced mesh upgrade for older hardware. They have so much more capability too. I'm running a double Nat so I can wire more devices than Google WiFi allows. The mesh is great so speeds are very good though.
Five Stars extremely easy to set up, and works great
Replaced a nice Linksys that just could not bypass a few walls ... Replaced a nice Linksys that just could not bypass a few walls in a small home. These now provide clear and fast internet throughout the house.
Excellent product, easy set up via my Android phone Excellent product, easy set up via my Android phone. Now I have reliable WiFi coverage over my entire house (2400 sq. ft. single-story), replacing a WiFi router + repeater which frequently dropped connections on the other side of the house.
Highly recommend. First of all, you cannot beat the ease of setting up. And it is hyper fast. 2 bedroom condo, one unit, and we are racing here. Tks, Google and Amazon. Highly recommend.
What a disappointment!!!!! Network Destroyer. Speeds within feet of the main unit were fine. Moved units all over, closer, further away and nothing I did changed how horrible the reliability or speed was on this system. Extended units would drop off periodically. Everything wanted to connect to 5g and it just wouldn’t hold up. Firestick wouldn’t even play a movie. Apple TV would just spin and buffer. With all these gleaming reviews, I am not sure if I just received a crap unit, or it just doesn’t work that well in a large home. Regardless it is faulty and is going back ASAP!! Soooooo disappointed.
Great for a large spread out house. This solved a big problem I had. I have an attached apartment that is pretty far away from where my wifi router is. The Wifi signal was very poor in this place as there is 3 walls between the router and the point of usage.Before installation using the old wifi router (netgear, with an extender) I was getting 5 MBPS on a good day. After installation using Google Wifi I'm getting almost 40 MBPS. I'm also getting great reception outside the house !Easy to install.
Life Saver! Who could believe that these little puck shaped devices are a life saver! It was extremely easy to setup and works like a charm. The app you use to set them up is very straight forward and now I don’t have to worry about my WiFi network.
Best Wifi EVER This is the best wifi I've ever had. Not to be overlooked, the spectacular app, and parent-kid management features.
Easy to install Works well. Easy to install. Only caution is, if setting up an Ethernet backhaul network and your house is wired with older CAT5E, it might not be sufficient to hit gigabit speeds on your switch on all nodes. Mine works fine with 3 of the 4 nodes, but the 4th is running at 10/100...could be a wiring issue or just b/c the run is a little bit longer than the others. In either case, if you have more than a tiny home / apartment, I strongly suggest setting up a bachhaul network. (The backhaul network operates over Ethernet and requires a simple $20 switch. It takes the traffic between the WiFi point and the modem off WiFi and makes your whole system hum faster.)
Google Wifi has saved my sanity! I have what my ISP claims is their top router but over the last month, since starting to upgrade to a smarter home, I have been having problems with connections droppings. ISP says there really isn't much they can do about it unless I upgrade to a MUCH more expensive plan. I got real tired of resetting the router every few hours and remembered hearing about Google Wifi somewhere so decided to give it a try, one day shipping, why not!Setup was so simple my 8 year old could have done it. Got all my devices connected (around 30 of em) quickly and absolutely zero problems with dropped connections. I originally thought I may need at least 2 to cover my 2 story house (which is within the range for coverage for one unit) but it seems to be going strong with the one! I'll likely grab another soon though to extend a bit into the yard.App is a bit on the basic side but that is a good thing for most users. I would have liked to see an additional web interface but not going to cry about it. I love that you can see network traffic live and give devices priority (though it's unfortunate you can't remember the priority forever.) IP reservation and port forwarding is simple as well.I also really love how the 2.4 and 5ghz connections remain under the same SSID. Makes networking so much simpler. Had to hook up a switch for my wired PC's but no biggie there.Much love to Google for this amazing product :)
Great Consistent Coverage & Easy Setup with Comcast Modem/Router So far, so good. Set up was super easy with our Comcast modem/router placed in bridge mode (go to Comcast support website for the gateway link to enable bridge mode). We have strong consistent coverage on all three levels of our 6700sq ft home. Given some of the reviews, I was somewhat skeptical, but it works extremely well with all our devices and great speed even in our basement, the furthest point away from the modem. It was definitely worth the investment!UPDATE 1/12/18: After a Comcast internet outage, we had our router/modem reset that disabled bridge mode to now broadcast Comcast 2.4GHz & 5GHz, and the Google Wifi System is working even faster! So you may not need to place the modem/router in bridge mode after all on the Comcast platform.
Not For Houses With A Lot Of Devices Look elsewhere for a router with a lot of range. This router setup was great at the start, but the died of internet was constantly bogged down because I have 15ish devices. I really wanted to love it but I ended up going with a high end Linksys that had solved all my problems.
Stop Looking for a Better Router! After becoming dissatisfied with a typical home router, I wanted to venture into the “mesh” routing world. I purchased a single unit and boy did it immediately make a difference. I immediately saw a 7x increase in my WiFi speed throughout my home. Simple and fast to setup via the iOS app. Cannot go wrong with this. May eventually expand with more units, but right now a single unit covers my 1700 sq ft house just fine!
It works as advertised! I’ll start with; this thing is amazing! My house is a WiFi nightmare. The house was built in ‘47, has plaster walls, a large fireplace with a huge steel piece behind it, did I mention plaster walls nearly 3 inches thick? Basically it’s a feraday cage... it’s horrible for WiFi.I’ve tried range extenders, running cables all over the place, bigger badder routers, etc.... nothing worked well. Something always failed, caused issues with internet speed, etc...Not Google’s WiFi solution this thing is the real deal. I’ll cut to the chase; easy setup, nice looking, and it works!!!! Not to mention it is at a price point that is competitive when compared to similar mesh network solutions.
I didn't swear once I received the package, opened it, and within 15 minutes I had it set up and running great. My network is faster with no dead spots. Good on you Google.
Love it, speed is not the same as plugged ... Love it, speed is not the same as plugged in but very consistent, removed all bad spots. Extremely easy to manage as well. Not for someone who wants to get their geek on and hack away at something but perfect if you just want to plug and go.
Great coverage in our 2700 sq foot home Great coverage in our 2700 sq foot home. I feel like 2 nodes would be enough, but 3 are providing a full, strong signal all over the house, into the garage, and a lot of the yard. Good app, as well.
I recommend it works well. I recommend it
One of three never worked... I purchased one of the first one of these. I am guessing that they did a couple things different as time went on. I have had issues with one of my 3 units consistently.
Easy to set up and works well. I didn't bounce my modem the first time I initialized the system and I couldn't get connectivity, but then I followed the instructions (duh!) and bounced both the modem and the router, and then it was a piece of cake after that. I've only had it a week, but I'm impressed by the coverage. Now, when I walk out to the detached garage my cell phone doesn't drop its connection because I place one of these in there. It might be my imagination, but it seems that my wifi might be a tad bit slower than it was with my previous LinkSys router, but the extended coverage more than makes up for that.
Truly Excellent. I rarely write reviews on Amazon. However, having been through a few routers in the last few years with disappointing results, I had to write how ecstatic I am with Google's WiFi mesh router system. It's not the whole-home coverage - any mesh system of this price should pull that off. It's the interface and the parental controls. I can easily see every device on my network at any time from my phone. Better yet, I can see how much Internet bandwidth (though not network throughput) each device is using - and pause any device at-will. I can also prioritize bandwidth usage, giving priority to, say, the 4k Amazon program we're watching over the YouTube video my son is. The parental controls are the best I've come across. I can set up groups of devices and put them on schedules - and can pause those schedules if I need to. The little mesh pods even look good!I suppose I could wish for more granular control over the firewall, and I do wish I could measure actual network throughput - not just Internet usage. But really, I don't require the more granular firewall control and throughput would be useful for troubleshooting. I haven't had any troubles though. So maybe I don't need the feature to fix the problem that I'm not having. The only real ding I have is the single ethernet port on each module. It seems unreasonable to expect owners of this system to only need one wired connection to the router. A small gigabit switch handily solves the problem, but for $300 I'd like a few more ports.All told, I can't imagine being this excited, this pleased by a router. Yet here I am. Great work, Google.
Fantastic product I had wanted to get one of these systems for a long time but I waited because I was worried that the setup might be more than I could handle. It was easy! The whole thing took less than 15 minutes and other than plugging in the components my smartphone did the rest with the App provided. I now have excellent signal strength everywhere in my 5000 sq. ft. multi-story home. Sorry I waited to get this til now.
best router I have ever purchased best router I have ever purchased. Love the modlie app to allow for blocking kids time on internet.I was in Europe and my son's internet was blocked as I have downtimes established (so that he's not online 24/7). He needed internet for HW. He calls me at 4 am my time in Europe. I was able to get onto hotel internet and unblock internet for him from the mobile app.I love this thing. Now to get google home.
... had it about a month and so far works great! Love it I've had it about a month and so far works great! Love it!
Consistently drops devices and signal Item continuously dropped the internet in the home. Reached out to google twice via email and once on the phone but i lost my patience after being on hold for 15 minutes. Gave them a chance but because there technology is still defective with current 1OOOMBPS D/U speeds and constantly disconnects units or drops them i returned the product. To date (3 days later, nothing from google). Went with Linksys and havent regretted it yet! higher speeds and 100% dependable coverage.
Five Stars Works great
Works Seamlessly! I work in IT and pretty tech savvy but the setup of Google Wifi was so easy that for a second I had to think if I followed all the instructions! I was done setting up all 3 routers in less than 15 minutes. Google goes out of their way to make sure you know exactly what you are doing every step of the setup (they even explain what a modem is).I initially got the Google Wifi system to combat a problem I was having with my ISP Issued router. I live in a 2000+ sqft home with an open floor plan. Recently, I had begun adding a bunch of smart devices around the house (switches, smart lock, Amazon Echo (3), smart plugs, etc...). When you couple all those new smart devices with phones, tablets, laptops, TVs, etc... already in the house, I had over 20 devices connected to 1 WiFi Access Point!What ended up happening was that, although the signal was good in every room, the WiFi connection would randomly drop or I would get an IP Configuration Error on one of the devices. It seems as though all of the device signals were overlapping and causing the bottle neck to be at the access point. I was able to prove this by confirming that the closer I got to the router the more reliable the connection got even without a noticeable change in signal strength.Google Wifi solves this problem by allowing me to setup the mesh network to blanket the entire home. I can now move room to room and my devices automatically connect to the Google Router with the best connection. All while using the same SSID seamlessly. Unlike an extender, which requires you to setup the extender using a different SSID and forces devices to have to drop its previous connection to connect to the new SSID, Google Wifi allows you to use the same SSID for all of its routers.Google Wifi is smart enough to distinguish which devices should use 2.4 GHz and which should use 5.0 GHz. This now also eliminates the need to manage 2 sets of SSIDs. When managing so many devices it is hard to keep up with which require 2.4 GHz which require 5.0 GHz, each with its own SSID. Google Wifi lets you setup one SSID and it allows the device to connect using its default frequency.All of this is managed from an app on your phone, so you no longer need to worry about navigating to 192.168.0.1 or 10.0.0.1, and remembering the default username and password. Google Wifi is linked to your Google account, you can add multiple admins, and manage your network via an app and manage the network remotely.Google took a usually complicated concept like mesh networking and made it work and easy to setup.The entire thing was super easy to setup and solved the problem I was having.Super happy with this purchase!
Very happy with this purchase Solved all my connectivity and streaming issues. Very happy with this purchase.
This is an amazing product. After testing several wifi extenders and having ... This is an amazing product. After testing several wifi extenders and having some problems, I decided to invest a little more and buy the google wifi system; it was one of my best decisions. Since I received the package, the experience started with the right foot; just plugged the to the electrical current, one to the wired internet of my home router, downloaded the app and in no time everything was working.Pros- Easy installation- Good network speed... even through the mesh network- Google wifi app allows to easy management of the network and devices- Good looking as part of the house decoration- Constant automatic updatesCons- Maybe the price against other wifi extenders, but the signal quality and seamless installation and management make it worth it.
Setup was easy. Make sure to turn off the sharing of ... Blanketed our multilevel apartment with high speed wifi. Setup was easy. Make sure to turn off the sharing of info with google.
so good. Setting up this router is very easy once ... So far, so good. Setting up this router is very easy once you download the Google Wifi app from the app store on your phone. I like how you can test your speeds at anytime. I'm getting 100Mbps through Spectrum. Nearly every time I test my speed, I'm at 100+ with the highest being 112Mbps. It's worked great so far as far as using my Xbox One to play video games, stream video and Netflix. It's a cool minimum design which I love. I like the little feature where you can change the light brightness on the router through the app. Overall I would definitely recommend this router. It's different and not like the ones you see most people have from Walmart or something.
Great Mesh WiFi Great system. Very easy to set up. I have 3 sites setup. The primary, a secondary wired in the basement, and a tertiary wireless on the main floor. We are getting great signal to all of them. I got a Netgear 5 port switch for the primary as I have several wired devices where it comes into the house (printer, laptop, wired cable through electric, etc.) and it works fine.The application on the phone is very easy to use and see exactly what is on and how much bandwidth each device is using. I was able to assign a static IP to my printer which is the only way it works on the network effectively. If you are looking to make a lot of more technical changes this is not the system for you, but for ease of use and set up it really can't be beat.
Good and easy, but limited. TP-Link Deco M5 a better choice. Cross-posting this review for the Google Wifi, the NETGEAR Orbi AC3000, and the TP-Link Deco M5, all of which I researched, purchased, and tested at home.I first tried out the Google Wifi. It was inexpensive, easy to set up, and the app was easy to use and configure, although it was relatively simplistic and lacked some features I was hoping for (such as very limited content filtering). Worse, one of the three units failed to connect to the mesh network. I spent nearly five exhausting hours with Google phone support trying to troubleshoot (including resetting, uploading system log files, various router configuration changes, etc.), but they refused to admit there was anything wrong with it. I finally lost my patience and returned it to Amazon. ***Second up was the Orbi. This was significantly more expensive, so I opted for the two-pack (which Netgear claims should be powerful enough for a 5000 sq ft house (mine's around 4500). The devices are gigantic, suggesting serious hardware, but they're not unattractive, and were likewise easy to set up. Performance was pretty good, although I found a few corners of the house where signals were still weak. However...controlling this network was a huge pain. The Orbi app itself is fairly anemic. I ended up downloading their Genie app (which their own website isn't even clear about whether it supports the Orbi); it works and offers a lot of customization options, but is fairly low-level and much more technically-oriented than the more consumer-friendly Google Wifi. Setting up parental controls and bed-time schedules, for example, was very awkward and limited. My house also has ethernet wiring, and even the most recent firmware updates didn't seem to allow ethernet backhaul to work. Realizing I probably spent a lot of money buying (dedicated radio backhaul) hardware I was trying in vain to work around anyway, I returned it. ***Last was the Deco M5. It was the cheapest of the three, offered easy hardware setup and configuration, a clean app with more features than the Google Wifi, and painless ethernet backhaul. Wifi performance seems strong throughout the house (I have one unit on each of our three floors). The only downside is that there's no web access (though with the app you can get to it remotely). By the way: Some reviews say there's no "access point" mode on the M5; the current firmware/app do indeed offer a switch between router and AP modes. This was by far the best choice for me. *****
You can easily change the network name/password and set up guest access ... The Google Wifi app-controlled system was simple and fast to set up. I strategically put two in my 1500+ sqft house and one in my detached garage to extend the coverage to the entire premise of my house. You can easily change the network name/password and set up guest access through the app.
Slow WIFI lags all it's rivals, but very easy to setup. People who give this 4 or 5 stars must not have tried other mesh systems. But I have. This product gave me 60-30 Mbps near the main unit, then a meager 20-30 Mbps at the satellite locations. I returned them because my Netgear C6300 (singe router without any extenders) was giving me better than that in my house, which is about 3500 sq ft. That said I then tried the Netgear Orbi, and my speed is dramatically faster, with internet access at the same speed as my ISP delivers throughout my entire house with no dead zones. The single Orbi base unit and satellite are blazing fast with NEAR ZERO loss of internet speed using WIFI or cable (which tops out at 75 Mbsp). So while this product is very easy to setup, has a good app, the sub-par WIFI is just extremely disappointing given that I feel that is the whole point of this product. Google is not even close to the level of performance of the other mesh (or mesh-like) products, and for trying to rip off consumers I give them 1 star.
The best WiFi money can buy We previously had Apple Time Capsule 3TB ME182LL/A [NEWEST VERSION] and a router that Verizon was claimed was fast enough for their gigabit FIOs service. Both had issues reaching certain parts of my 2,200 sq ft house. Google WiFi has none of those problems. Connectivity is consistent enough that I do not have to think about it. The app is also miles ahead of what I am used to when it comes to managing wifi. I am still able to use my Apple Time Capsule for backups by connecting it to one of the wifi devices. I also am able to connect my Samsung 4G LTE Network Extender Verizon Wireless Cellular Signal Booster SLS-BU103 to the Google wifi device closest to my office, and since then I have had much better phone reception. Just buy it!
Oh My God. Would give it six stars if that were possible. I'm a novice in the sense that I'm not a tech guy, but I'm experienced in the sense that over the years I've set up no small number of home wifi networks. The Google Wifi system is without question the most remarkable network I've set up. This set of three gives us great speeds throughout our 4,000+ sq ft two-story house. The set up was unbelievably easy, using the app on my phone.I've not tried any of the other mesh wifi systems (almost all of which were significantly more expensive), but this google wifi is simply remarkable. Would give it six stars if I could.
Great product! Super easy to setup and love the ... Great product! Super easy to setup and love the speeds I get from my WiFi with Google WiFi compared to the ISP router.
Five Stars setup was easy and routers work great.
Five Stars wifi dead spots are gone - job well done
This is the first time I've ever been excited about a piece of networking hardware. Google Wifi is legit. This is the first time we've ever gotten every megabit of the 350 Mbps down/20 Mbps up speed we pay for without needing a hardwired connection. Upload speeds have never been much of a problem, but the closest any of our previous routers or access points got to our max download speed was about 150 Mbps, and most are well under 100 Mbps. Coverage has aslo been an issue in our house with previous equipment, requiring us to use 2 or 3 different access points spread throughout, but one single Google Wifi unit gives full signal strength in every nook and crook of our moderately sized home. Setting it up was dead simple, the feature set is fantastic, and the app is a thing of beauty. And my wife doesn’t hate the way it looks sitting in our living room. What's not to love? Would definitely recommend.
Most of the devices do connect to 5 Gig Band and running fantastic. Loved it I was using Netgear N300 Modem+Router. I have 60 MBPS connection which was significantly dragging on 5-6 devices I have connected.Now after connecting Google Wifi, No Drag at all..Most of the devices do connect to 5 Gig Band and running fantastic.Loved it!!
So much speed I can't believe the speeds I get now. It's actually speeds we signed up for and on multiple devices, thanks to the smart technology of this device!
Would definitely recommend.. I am very impressed. I replaced a 5 year old Asus black night running Merlin firmware connected to "100 MB" internet. I was getting a lot of lagging before and my son had trouble playing his new XBox One. I never got over 20 MB download before and now getting 60 - 75 MB. I also had a lot of dead spots in my 3500 sq ft house. The set of 3 covers it flawlessly. This set is well worth the money. Would definitely recommend...
My first experience with mesh network... great This product may not need additional praise. It removed all my issues with previous routers and extenders. I am a happy customer.
Terrible experience I'm so disappointed with it and with google assistance: I live in Italy, I paid more than 300 euro for it. After 2 months it stopped working: amazon didn't cover us and also Google can't cover it.
Resolved Network Issues with MacBookPros at Home! Easy Setup - May Need 1 or 2 Switches for LAN This has lived up to ALL the hype! I'm adept at managing my network, however two older Linksys routers were not able to handle the many devices we have at home, including constant issues faced when using MacBooks. After various unsuccessful attempts to resolve the solutions with the MBPs, including setting static IPs and specifying the MTU, I decided to try new network equipment.Within a matter of moments, I had it installed and configured using the Wifi App on an iPhone 6. All connection issues that were previously experienced have disappeared - hallelujah! I highly recommend!SwitchesWhat happened to the old Linksys routers? I have them acting as switches. The one drawback of the Google WiFi is the loss of ethernet ports on the back. For most consumers that only use WiFi, this isn't an issue, but my wired gigabit network still calls for ethernet. So here is my setup:Motorola SurfBoard Cable Modem --> 1st G-WiFi Point --> 3 Switches2nd & 3rd G-Wifi Points are only extending the network
Worth. Every. Penny. I was skeptical of paying $300 for this product without anyone I know using them. I got these home and was pretty blown away.My house is 2900sq ft, 2 stories, with a large 4 car attached garage.1. The unboxing was very nice, the kit is very Apple like in its kitting. Very simple and straightforward. It was impressive the way it was laid out.2. The instructions didn't waste a bunch of time, it was simple and in layman terms.3. The units go together so smoothly. I connected the first unit, ran the installation process on my phone to setup the network and check connection. This process took about 10 minutes to do, which is excellent in my mind.4. The additional units went in with ease as well, each one took around 5-7 minutes for boot up and connection to the network.All in, even with reading the documentation thoroughly and testing my network throughout the house I spent about 45 minutes getting things setup. I have a 150Mbps connection on a Docsis 3.0 modem and I am averaging a 70Mbps speed test everywhere in my house. No wireless router combination I tried would cover this layout and I was at my wits end with wi-fi, my family was about to mutiny on me. This trio solved every single issue anyone had. We now have rock solid connection with great speeds. These units even offer the ability to tie in hardwired ethernet connections which I also took advantage of.
Getting a good connection anywhere in the house was hard and my ... I moved into a neighborhood with alot of air pollution in the G/N and AC bands. Getting a good connection anywhere in the house was hard and my wifi was getting stepped on by my neighbors. Ever since I installed this mesh network my signal has been great! Easy to install and even let me do some advanced features like port forwarding.
This does need more reviews nor any introduction but if ... This does need more reviews nor any introduction but if you are reading this review because you are still deciding if you're buying this or not. I'll save your time. BUY IT. Our 6,000 sq foot house got covered and has no dead spots because of this trio. Buy it and you'll thank me later!
Five Stars Much better range than our basic Uverse router.
Perfectly easy to setup and never have to think about it again. Super simple to setup and once it’s configured, it’s completely set and forget. Keep in mind, it was designed to be a dummy proof router setup. It doesn’t have very many feature sets you’ll find in most routers. But all those features are rarely used by the people that buy them. Super reliable router and drastically improved WiFi performance where I installed it.
Works really well but app is lacking an essential feature I was having slow speed issues before, now with one pod on each floor it all works great. However it has a major lack of feature that Google has yet to fix.You cannot put the router on sleep mode, you cannot turn off the WiFi broadcast while maintaining wired networking and there is no scheduling. Most basic routers nowadays Are able to schedule on and off modes as well as WiFi broadcast. For example I want to turn my WiFi off at night to limit radiations exposure for a few hours, I can’t do that at the moment.Additionally there is no emergency off button or no physical off button on the devices so I have to use a timer to shut off the power when I want to turn the WiFi off. I may not have purchased it if I new it was lacking this basic feature.
5 Stars Using with AT&T U-verse. Started a bit skeptical after reading forums and having issues with AT&T in the past, so we decided to not adjust any settings on our gateway and see how it worked. Consequently, we are projecting 2 signals (AT&T's router and Google WiFi), but it works perfectly. No more dead spots and setup was a breeze! Also, a lot of management features. View download/upload speeds per device, prioritize traffic, parental controls, etc.. Would highly recommend.
Five Stars Wow this was incredibly easy to setup!
Awesome so easy!!!! So easy to set up
Four Stars Good reception
trust me this is great $ spent Wow, just WOW. if you are concered about the price.. trust me this is great $ spent! My INTERNET SERVICE is hideously woefully slow... 20Mbps download & 4Mbps upload...Because my internet service stinks I was having a terrible time with a $99 Linksys AC2600 AND it couldn't support 5 Ipad tablets, 2 Wi-Fi connected Laptops, 4 Wi-Fi connected TVs with Roku for streaming, 1 ETHERNET CONNECTED Android TV BOX for streaming, 1 Xbox connected via Wifi...up to 3 smartphones.I still had deadspots around the house, slow internet... constant streaming issues..I was about to buy an $180 Linksys thinking I just needed a more expensive router & 1 stronger... but then I realized that my investment HAD to support wireless cameras inside AND outside around & through a $4000 Square foot house..So I started looking into Routers with "Mesh" technology which promised WAY BETTER coverage... again which I need for a 4000 square foot house... and as a Linksys fan I unfortunately was priced out of the Linksys Velop which costs $374 on Amazon as of the date of this post.I knew I could spend $180 on a Linksys... but I couldn't spend $374...then I reviewed this Google system and it was only $250... So I made the plunge..Get this! Stop thinking about it's price! Get over the idea that you may have over using a cheaper router...Mesh Technology is here to resolve JUST ABOUT ANY internet connectivity issues you may have had in a home, that's somewhat larger.I have a 4000 sq ft house that's built exactly like a box with 3 levels consisting of Basement, first floor, and second floor. Setting these at points around my house NOW give me UNFETTERED beautiful streaming capable Wifi throughout the home and up to about 100 ft outside my house!5 star reviews because the setup is STUPID easy... you will find others hearing talking about how they have problem tweaking IP adresses & manual setting ports & what not with IP protocols... well makes me wonder what they need for it!5 star reviews because the setup PRACTICALLY sets itself up with an App you download to your phone. You end of feeling like a monkey that just plug each of the 3 nodes into a power plug...I am a somewhat techy guy... but not smart enough to mess with settings like some techy people here say... but smart enough to trouble shoot... and after I set this up I felt the process was MADE to be trouble free & to provide a setup with the least of troubles... and I still feel like it's not real... it works great...!It has made my SLOW internet work SO SO GOOD.... i will now officially binge watch till the day I die...
Terrible experience with this product Terrible experience with this product. Setup failed multiple times. When I finally got it set up, it always registered a "weak" signal, even when the wifi points were in the same room less than 6 feet away from each other. Terrible.
Google On Hub router is better! Google WiFi routers are a big downgrade from Google's On Hub router. Yet people keep buying them. This is what happens when people don't read specs and put all their trust into Google to do the right thing. Google WiFi routers = AC1200. Google On Hub routers = AC1900. On Hub is a faster network with slightly better range. Both work with Google's WiFi app and both can be used as mesh network. Remember when Google's slogan was "don't be evil"?