Status on Alexa app and connection issues Its works most of the time,,on the new Alexa app not show status of connected devices the manufacture need to work on that, It use to work on status before,,,,Also have the same random update status on Logitech Harmony Hub...and the Apple Watch app is not updated to support Watch OS 5,,,,, Insteon need to work faster on updated app and third party integration
Replacement for a dead hub! Bought as a replacement for a earlier version that died after a few years.
Five Stars Work's well, but requires some installation.
FAIL Went through two hubs?? They seem to last about a year!
No warranty The hub stopped working under 1 year. I called customer support and the hub doesnt have warranty, and the customer service rep wasn’t able to help trouble shoot the problem. The only solution was to buy a new hub. Given the quality and non existence of a warranty, I will not be purchasing a new hub (even though I have 2 smart plugs and 6 smart light bulbs from them).
New Insteon Hub Old Hub died so I got a new one. I have an Echo and a Dot. Both were connected to HUB but with new HUB only the DOT is connected. I even had Insteon delete my account and started new account. So my Echo - even after reset and delete/DL Apps again and attempting to Add New Devices, Echo does not work or recognize any new devices. Says no new devices. I can however go to my Alexa App on Iphone and turn on lights-it just does not recognize voice command. So bottom line Echo will not recognize the HUB via voice. I switched the DOT/Echo rooms so that I could use the DOT with my lights. The Echo works for everything else but it is frustrating.
Hmmmmmm I wanted to wait a bit before I reviewed this. I have had it now less than 30 days and it failed. Now I have a bunch of sensors and switches installed and Im not sure I want to keep with a hub that fails so fast. I originally wanted to get it to turn on the garage lights when a motion sensor is activated. Easy. The app was easy. the install was easy. The set up was easy.But then the behavior was odd. The motion sensor only scans every now and then or so it seems. Im working in the garage behind a car, and it goes dark. No biggie. Get up wave my arms, nothing, walk up to the sensor, nothing. 30 sec or so later, it finally came back on. OK, maybe I can add time to the ON length before it shuts off.... nope. Cant figure that out.Then I added a door and garage sensors thinking they could trigger the on. Yep, all easy. At least the first door sensor an dgarage sensor. but again odd behavior. Open door, lights on. Close door, lights off. But hey the motion sensor picked up me coming in the room, so why didnt it stay on? Hmmmm. Same with garage door sensor.Called support and they said try making a separate scene for each sensor. Nope. What ever grabs the lights first rules. And I can not do any what I guess would be complex configurations. So wipe all the sensors to factory and start over. Same thing. So wipe all the sensors and go back to just motion sensor. Ok, that's back to the way it was. But still, sucks.At this point I thought I would add the second garage door sensor and maybe hook those up to a separate light source. Seems like a waste, but ok...... but no, now the hub wont see the new I/O device.... so now what. I have a bunch of sensors all over the house.... door open, window break... water sensor on sump pump. those all worked ok. But now my hub is not playing nice. Crap! and then you read that this is a common problem for these hubs.And, if you get a new hub, all that work of building scenes and adding sensors.... gone.
... replacement for one "same exact Insteon unit" that went bad right after the warranty expires Don't bother buying these as a replacement for one "same exact Insteon unit" that went bad right after the warranty expires. Not going to work! Insteon calls it a security feature, I call it a crappy product. Now I have to change all my switches to move to a better companies system because it all very proprietary.
Doesn’t work in Europe It seems to have potential but it only works in US, not in Europe.
Died after about year The hub worked great as long as it worked but after about a year it just died, noticed that I couldn't assess anything and then noticed the light was out on hub as best as I could tell the wall switches would still work but without the hub all is dead, nothing will work. I would not recommend this product until they improve the life of the hub a year is just not acceptable for the life of something that is the main control of all of your lights and etc.
Hub needs to be replaced after few years and installing new one takes time Replacing hub that stopped working after 3 years. Seems to be something that others have complained about.
Very basic hub, only for entry-level home automation I am an electrician. I have 40+ insteon devices in my house (dimmers, on/ff modules, thermostats, door locks, I/O modules, motion sensors. etc.) all previously controlled by a sophisticated hub made by Universal Devices, the ISY-994. I was hoping to integrate the existing home automation system into Logitech Harmony remotes, so that one single Android app (or the Logitech remote) can control everything in the house. Logitech Harmony says that Insteon devices are supported, but require this one specific Insteon hub, the 2245-222. That hub costs about a quarter of the ISY hub and it shows. While the Insteon devices (switches, etc,) themselves are great and mostly reliable (I have installed them over 10 years ago), the hubs that Insteon makes are very basic. Complex scene writing etc, and reorganizing device orders (the way they appear in the app), renaming them and rooms that are associated with them is not something Insteon thinks is important. Over the past 10+ years of working with Insteon, I can say that both the phone support and the way the devices are marketed went from semi-pro to what is now aimed at a typical housewife level. They seem to want their devices to be plug and play, with simple manuals, almost as if they want to be like Apple products, very easy to use but not sophisticated. Well, my advce to Insteon is to not try to be like Apple, try to be like Universal Devices, the makers of the ISY hubs. Their phone support is A+, answered in person by USA based technicians with expert knowlegde. While Insteon support either is (or appears to be) in a third-wold country and only offers a factory reset as advice. I do not see why Insteon cannot develop a hub that is geared towards people who understand how to software link these devices and have a sophisticated hub, that can be desktop PC modified, complex scene writing, etc..along with a first-class Android app that can be customized in many ways.I would easily spend $2000 on such a device, but Insteon believes that the $120 China-hubs, with a few button pushes are the way to go.
Died after less than two years I have had two Insteon hubs died on me between one to two years of use. Perfect timing when the warranty just expired. What electronic devices that last less than two years now a day. There's definitely flaw in the circuit design that makes this device died prematurely. I used a UPS with surge protection so there shouldn't be a power surge that killed it. A pain was that I had to create new account and recreate the whole scenes and add all my Insteon devices all over again. Worse yet I need to use a different email account every time I set up a new hub. Stay away from this Insteon hub.
CAVEAT EMPTOR - Very Disappointed Only using the Insteon app to interface with the Hub to control my devices. The app is glitchy and poorly designed. Customer support does not seem to be very knowledgeable on the product. I have spent two months working with customer support trying to work out scheduling issues to no avail. Have finally requested replacement of the Hub. Hopefully a new Hub will resolve the problem. If not, I have wasted a ton of money on Insteon devices that I can no longer adequately control in any automated manner. I cannot in good conscience recommend this product or any other Insteon product until they step up their game in product quality and customer support.Note: This is my second hub. The first died after three years!
Disappointing This product could have so much to offer, but instead falls short in so many aspects:- Installation and getting up and running is pretty smooth and quick, so this is good.- The Android application seems to frequently get into a state where it acts up and the way to reset it is to go into settings and select 'Get Latest Configuration'.- The general application interface is clunky and slow.- The WEB interface basically does not work at all. I can't do anything useful there.- There is no documented direct-access to the device to automate things from, for example, a Raspberry Pi.One might wonder, did they fire all their engineers after the first Proof-of-Concept.
Alexa integration, Stringify integration Works with insteon devices and Alexa will let you group with other vendors home automation products - excellent. Also set up complex scenes with Strigify. A word of caution though, if your hub goes bad, this will not drop in its place. You will have to setup all your devices again. Before ordering to replace a bad unit, contact smarthome/smartlabs, they may be able to save you headaches.
You cannot replace a hub without re-entering all of your devices Inability to replace a hub without rebuilding your data is totally unacceptable. Returning this unit. As long as I am starting over, I'm not going to make the Insteon mistake again.
Works great. This needs to be plugged directly in the ... Works great. This needs to be plugged directly in the outlet, I had difficulty with it connecting to the devices when it was plugged into a power strip.
So far this works great I had been looking for a solution to turning on and off some lights installed on our house for the outside that do not have switches. The insteon hub and switches are working great and easy to use. The app on the iPhone is nice. I have even added a few interior lights so we can turn them on for the dogs if we get home late. The mini remote was not a very good item. i had to return it. I recommend using the hub for sure.
Unsafe And Unreliable Junk Bought 2 kits, one from Walmart on clearance and another from Costco on clearance just got the 2 outlets and a backup HUB. Without a Google home for voice control, this device would be useless, as the app interface is so slow and clunky, you'd rather get up and manually turn on/off whatever it is faster. A lot of the time Google would say "an unexpected error occurred" and you'd have to repeat the command again for it to work. Here we are just under 2 years later and a couple outlet/sensor failures, the hub literally blew up... A cap must've been slowly leaking or something, because all the solder joints were rusted and there was white smoke residue everywhere around a burnt spot on the PCB. Had been transitioning to a Z-WAVE Plus ecosystem anyway over this year that has preformed flawlessly and can communicate across all kinds of open source platforms or different HUBs of your choosing. Bottom line, stay far away from this awful product.
Four Stars works ok
R.I.P. 32 month lifespan Really disappointed in this hub. I purchased in Nov '15 and it died two weeks ago. Lasted 32 months.This sits on a shelf in air conditioned room and dead already? This has got to be design problem.I have 2-way repeaters installed on mtn tops for PD, SO, Fire that have been operating for 15 years.Previous to this, had home control running on PC with USB Link module. It lasted about 3 or 4 years.Really wish there was alternative for Insteon devices. Still researching before I'll buy another hub.
Dead Worked fine but now dead after almost three years.
New device, ancient software, customer service? What is it? Extremely old firmware on a NEW device, software is clunky, unresponsive and slow. Support is difficult to reach and work with. I could say support is nonexistent. Save your time and money, shop around and stay away from Insteon products.
works great. lets me set schedules for a bunch of ... works great. lets me set schedules for a bunch of lights outside and inside too.
Great products I’ve been using Insteon products for over 5 years (20 devices and 6 cameras) and it works without flaw (assuming you have set the units up correctly and are within range). The complaints on thier products seem to be people who don’t have the time or patience to set the products correctly.
Controls X10 modules!!! Not sure if this is documented anywhere online, but you can control your existing X10 modules with the Insteon Hub. Downside is that it appears that only Insteon modules can be used with Scenes, but you can ***almost*** replicate this functionality by setting all X10 modules you want to trigger on/off to the same house and unit code and then set a schedule on one of them. For anyone tired of trying to make due with the European version of Active Home Pro program and CM15A transceiver for their existing X10 modules this is a welcome (and more reliable) surprise.
Do yourself a favor- Avoid at all costs. If I could give this product a zero, I would.I purchased a 2245-222 hub off of Amazon with pre-1014 firmware which supported X10 (NO JOKE... 100% on that. The APP even has an X10 device setup - which worked with my X10 devices). One day I took notice that the Hub lost its X10 capability, as Insteon updated the firmware. Thanks for the heads up... SO INFURIATING TO BUY A PRODUCT AND HAVE THAT PRODUCT'S FEATURES ELIMINATED!!! Was this a sick joke? Really?I originally bought the Hub because the Hub was advertised as X10 capable... conveniently Insteon's website literature changed after my purchase.I'm so angry that you should look out for my Insteon devices on ebay, after I rip them out of my home. Will be at a steep discount.I will never buy, nor recommend, and will even discourage people from buying INSTEON (A.K.A GARBAGE).HAVE A NICE DAY!!!
It’s a love/hate relationship I’ve had the insteon hub and various modules for about 3.5 years now. There are some unique things about insteon that get it closer to 3 stars than 2 for my application.First the good... if your looking for a decent way to schedule lighting, this is easy and offers some good options. You can even buy hard wired light switches to control anything in your house that uses a light switch. That’s the main reason I purchased Insteon over others, and it’s been nice to be able to control ceiling lights/fans with schedules as well as Alexa. Also this is likely more cost effective if you’re trying to automate an entire house as opposed to one or two lamps.The bad... Alexa control is pretty hit or miss, she has trouble finding devices 1/4 of the time and says the device isn’t responding. That could be Alexa’s fault, hard to tell, because when I use the insteon app it will control the device just fine. Overall the base unit signal to each module is pretty weak, so if you have a decent size house with a 200 amp breaker panel you will need a range extender or two. The App is pretty clunky and I feel it could be better, but to be fair it does it’s job well enough. One of the hard wired dimmer switches I had craped out and I had to buy a new one, which sucked because they aren’t cheap and you have to rewire the switch which is something I’d prefer not to have to do considering the price of the modules.Overall, if you’re a DIYer that’s tech savvy and have some extra money you’re willing to spend so you don’t have to get off the couch to hit a switch, then you should be able to handle it. I haven’t tried any other systems, but I would think there are probably some more user friendly options out there if you just need a plug in lamp controller or two. If you’re trying to control an entire house, this is likely cheaper, but you’ll definitely need some patience.
Terrible This is not a good system. Hub will die after 2 years. You will not be able to use the same ID for a replacement hub.You will not be able to manually operate lights after creating a schedule for the lights.Epic fail.
Works It works but seriously, no way to back up? Big-time fail. Insteon has a lot less problems than z-wave but had I known there was no backup / restore I would have bought z-wave. Equipment fails, why lose all data when it does?
One Star Had to return it, it didn't work.
Keep your receipt until the warranty expires! Had to buy this one as a replacement because manufacturer will not honor warranty claim without proof of purchase. Like everyone keeps receipts for a $100 purchase. I registered on their web site when I purchased, and they should be able to tell when I first started using their product from their server logs... sheesh!If you search the internet, you will see that these apparently have problems with capacitors that crap out.
Insteon is garbage! Garbage!3rd one that died within 90 days!Don’t buy!!!You have been warned...
Run, don't walk away from Insteon. I've owned two of these pieces of garbage and they've both broken in under a year. No hyperbole, the software is the worst I've ever used. Shame I'm stuck with all these insteon switches. If you're considering going with programmable smart home devices, run don't walk away from Insteon.
Hub replacement procedure is archaic, time consuming and support does not help. My Insteon Hub died, blown capacitor and transformer. I ordered this one to replace it. Insteon web site says you have to delete all your devices and your online account in order to install a new hub. With my hub down, the app will not connect to do that. So now you have to contact them to do it for you. I sent three email and am still waiting for them to delete the original account and the devices so I can connect the new hub to my devices. I gave up and ordered Wemo devices to replace the Insteon. I will eat the cost of the new hub and be done with it.
No way to backup and restore hub programming. I have been using Insteon products for many years and in general I have been happy with the product. I purchased this hub because my original hub stopped working, totally dead. When I received this one to replace the failed one I found out that in order to setup the new hub I would have to start from scratch. Yes, you can't just login to your account and add a new hub. There is no way to restore from a backup or anything. If I only had a couple of devices that would be fine but I have around 20 devices around the house, no easy task to go re-install again. After searching the web I found that there is a capacitor that fails on the control board. I was able to replace the capacitor and my old hub came back to life.I have contacted Insteon support and asked that they provide some method to backup the hub so that if needed one can restore to a new one. So far NOTHING! Since the communications protocol used by Insteon is proprietary, they are the only ones making these products. I am now in the process of looking for alternative solutions that use a more open standard and that is supported by several vendors.On the bright side, this does work very well with the Amazon Echo and having voice command of my lights is very handy.Hope this helps.
I think I have multiple hubs until they are no longer needed. Plus Linksys pushed Mo-Mimo which Apple does not support. Is interoperable for now until Google decides to make their new Google/Alexa type product that are enhanced beyong your Alexa,or Google models version.
Insteon Hub just works. Insteon finally has a hub that just works. Easy to set up using their mobile app. A great way to configure a RemoteLinc handheld, which are normally very tedious.
WARNNG 2: AVOID THIS PROTOCOL AT ALL COSTS WARNING 2: Unless you have a large house, and plan to place Insteon devices throughout (e.g., on the other side of walls, out in the garage, etc.), DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY WITH THIS PROTOCOL. It has more problems working with Alexa than I could have ever have imagined. I've had to call customer service on EVERY INSTEON DEVICE I purchased (switches, hub, thermostats). Customer Service LITERALLY told me there was an update pending that would resolve the issues with Alexa but turns out, after a follow-up call, THAT THERE WAS NEVER ANY UPDATE. Look, I don't know if I've ever negatively reviewed something purchased from Amazon, but I feel obligated to caution folks: being mislead has really ticked me off I must say. Apart from my emotions on this, the advice holds true to use another platform like Samsung (i.e., Z-Wave or Zigbee) if you have a "regular person's" size house (wink-wink).
love/hate relationship with Insteon products, and it's time to say goodbye I have a love/hate relationship with Insteon products. When they work, they are great. The trick is getting them to work. Hub died after 2 years. In-wall switches and plug-in modules died sometimes as early as 6 months others lasted a couple years. For the in-warranty deaths, customer service was great.For automation/hacking, their cloud API is OK, but I found it to be slower than I like. I resorted to using their serial interface locally, but it's not widely supported and rather cryptic. Google Assistant support was a nice recent addition though.I'm going to try jumping ship to Lutron Caseta products. They seem more widely used, and they have a mix of dimmers that work with the variety of LED type lights that California Title 24 requires.
Four Stars relatively problem free
Five Stars Still working great. 5-25-2018
Great purchase! Used the hub to sinc wall switches with Alexa. Great purchase!
Three Stars I like Insteon stuff, but one of the light modules stopped working after a month...
Loved Gift Bought this and the echo dot for a girlfriend and she loves it.
THE 800 tech support # was USELESS, and there's been no reply via my email ... In less than 24 months of regular daily use, the HUB HAS DIED. THE 800 tech support # was USELESS, and there's been no reply via my email inquiry for a replacement.
Compre esta hub nueva y me la han mandado usada ... Compre esta hub nueva y me la han mandado usada (lo sé porque la caja viene con reparaciones con celo,también las que vienen dentro guardando los cables) además de que la hub debe de estar dada de alta en otra cuenta de insteon y no me deja escanear el código QF dándome el error de la foto o eso es lo que entiendo después de buscar durante horas y horas en foros y habiendo echo mil vueltas al estado de fábrica, Buy this new hub and I have sent it used (I know because the box comes with repairs with zeal, also those that come inside guarding the cables) in addition to the hub must be registered in another account insteon and not me let me scan the QF code giving me the error of the photo or that is what I understand after searching for hours and hours in forums and having made a thousand returns to the factory state
Shop around. Do your research. I have setup 5 insteon systems for family members and ALL have failed just a little bit after the 2 year mark. 1 system actually failed after the 1 year mark. All 5 homes are configured with an insteon hub, multiple dimming switches, water leak sensors, a few outlets, door sensors and a few bulbs. Imagine my surprise when the first unit went out and I had to re-enter ALL the original settings and scenes.After replacing these units and speaking with insteon about my options I was pretty turned off from the whole system. All they could offer was a discounted hub and I was told its refurbished.Unfortunately we were all heavily invested with insteon already. I am slowly removing components where they fail and will eventually look at other systems.For what its worth I have a 15 year tech background and this stuff is all I do. While they are amazing when they do work, Its not worth the hassle, time and money.1. Support is difficult to reach and work with.2. Units are not designed to last at all, it seems there is known fault with the hubs and insteon has done nothing about it besides offer a "discounted" hub.3. software is clunky and slow. no options for migrating settings when you have to replace a hub.
One Star can not hook this up a waste of money
Worked fine, and with Alexa Worked fine, and with Alexa, for 2 years and three months before it died. I thought that was short which is why I gave it a 3. If that is an average life for this device then perhaps it deserves a higher score.
Insteon Hubs Are Undependable And Their Tech Support is Very Poor I have found this hub to be very undependable and their tech support to be very poor. The first of these Insteon hubs I purchased started beeping at me and was no longer accessible from the smartphone application. I bought a replacement hub rather than trying to find the support phone number. The new hub lasted 7 months before it started beeping at me and could no longer be accessed from the smartphone app. This time I decided to contact tech support and resolve the issue. After two time-wasting debug sessions they pronounced the unit broken and finally started an RMA process that took another 20 minutes because they kept putting me on hold. When they finally asked me to image the Amazon receipt and email it to them I reached the end of my rope. Not looking forward to having to repeat the onerous hub setup process yet again, I gave up on the product and company.
One Star I need to return this item because it does not operate with my current security camera
Five Stars great thank u
Be careful where you purchase Insteon products This is a useful product for automating electrical appliances such as unswitched outdoor landscape lights that require daily scheduling for turning on and off. It works as advertised. I gave the Insteon Hub 5 Stars but I would like to point out that the Insteon 2 Year Warranty only applies to purchases made through a retailer like Best Buy, Smarthome.com or Amazon.com. It does not apply to purchases made on Ebay.com because Insteon cannot verify if the product is a new purchase or a refurbished purchase. You can purchase Insteon Hubs cheaper on Ebay but doing so negates the Insteon 2 Year Warranty. I know this because my Insteon Hub died within the 2 Year Warranty period. At least Insteon gave me approximately a 50% discount for purchasing another through Smarthome over the phone since I was a verified previous customer. By the way, I will have to delete the Insteon phone app, reinstall the phone app, recreate my Insteon Account, add my Insteon devices and link it to the new hub.
Quality of product diminished if you're not already invested stay away died in 5 month. would be a decent product it had its issues but made due until it decided to just die. Insteon support is now way harder to reach from when i first got my first hub in 2013..
Device lasted less than three years. Warranty is only ... Device lasted less than three years. Warranty is only for two years. A simple search of the internet showed that this is a known defect having to do with a capacitor that is known to fail
Two Stars Works great, however cannot control legacy X10 devices with Alexa, which was whole intent of upgrading from older hub.
If you aren’t committed to Insteon for home automation don’t buy this! These Insteon hubs are garbage, I on my 4th unit and the most current one lasted 3 years. The only reason I keep replacing them is that my house is loaded with insteon devices. If I knew what I know today I wouldn’t automate my house with Insteon.Although when they work it works well.
When it works, it works well. But, the long term reliability of the Insteon hub is questionable and a huge headache to replace These devices have a history of failing and when they do, you're stuck. On-line forums indicate that many people have had their units fail from one to three years after they installed them and this problem has been persisting since 2014 up to the present. While the two year warranty might help you get a replacement at no cost, it is still a major headache and undertaking to replace your old hub with a new one. If your hub fails you need to delete all your account and all your settings, schedules, scenes, devices and start all over again.I gave it two stars cause when it works it works pretty reliably with Amazon Echo and the smart phone app which is very cool. But you will find that if you really use the hub to automate your home and your unit fails... you could spend many many hours reprogramming your entire household back to what you had before a failure. I'm heavily invested in the Insteon system so I had to buy a replacement, but I am very disappointed that I will be spending the better part of a Saturday running around my house programming all my devices from scratch. Insteon needs to improve the hardware reliability AND improve the software so all your account setting can be readily ported to a new hub in the then RARE case where the hub fails. Very disappointed.
Insteon vs ZB? I've had this since 9/15, and I'm writing about my experience with it. The App is poorly made, in my opinion. Quite confusing going from one setting to another. The plus side of the Insteon system is that Insteon outlet can control and dim your lamps, which you would typically need a dimmer control if you went with a ZB solution. Scene was great, as it can automate based on your settings. Basically, all things would work well if, well, they're configured properly and you no longer need to add anything to your setup. However, in my case where my hub completely crapped out on me, well, good luck buddy as none of your Insteon switches/dimmers will work. That's one great thing about ZB, as there's a wide range of support, as seen in Amazon Echo Plus and Samsung Smartthings. I'm beginning to migrate over to ZB right now, and I wished that I had done that before I bought the Insteon setup. Only thing I wished for was the ZB outlets can double as a dimmer and outlet, which I have yet to find one.
Great for whole home lighting and doesn't interfere with our Wi-Fi We have this working together with Alexa to control whole home lighting scenes (wake up, evening, good night). Our neighbors tried doing the same with smart switches that are wi-fi based but ended up spending hundreds of dollars in extending their wi-fi signals because the signals didn't get to where they had wall switches. We love our wi-fi which is why I chose Insteon. It uses some blend of radio and electrical wire signals to get around walls and travel really far. Also, the Insteon switches all repeat signals so the more you add, the stronger things get - exact opposite with wi-fi switches.
Solid hardware terrible support and software This product has solid hardware they are not cheap however their technical support is non existent. For a week their server is down and tech support tells me they are working on it. There is no local control everything goes through their server if you use this hub. Hence when their server is down you can't control your system through local network.
Mine died like many others 27 months after Purchase(24 month royalty) Mine died like many others 27 months after Purchase(24 month royalty). Now the only solution Insteon has designed is to go to every device, do a factory reset, then buy a new hub and painfully relink every switch and plug. This is both ludicrous design and quality. Very disappointing!!!.
Insteon is dead to me. They're just unreliable, ... Insteon is dead to me. They're just unreliable, I've switched over to Z-Wave Plus. This particular setup is twitchy and certain things, but at least it hasn't died yet, unlike every other Insteon product in my house.The particularly infuriating problem with it was I had a wire in dimmer that I could control from the app but never from the web API or the website on the open internet. Support couldn't help.Anyway, the capacitor in that wire unit eventually puked over everything inside and it joined its friends in the landfill.
Very disappointed in this new hub Several years ago, I installed an Insteon hub, and a few water leak sensors. One of those sensors saved our basement when we were on vacation, and I was a very happy camper. But over the years, I was frustrated by the many limitations with the hub, like lack of geo-fencing, Google Home linkage, and basic if/then logic that come standard in other hubs. I saw this new Insteon hub on a giant sale, and decided to upgrade. Installing the new Insteon hub was a giant pain. I couldn't save my old device/scene/room setup, and had to manually re-enter everything (1/2 day wasted). Worse, when I tested several of my old sensors, I found that neither the old or new hub would detect a low battery state. I've had a bunch of mini-bricks in my house for months/years. Now that it's installed, I'm getting lots of false positives from a motion sensor, and it keeps losing connectivity with my router. And, reading the reviews, it seems many have complained about the reliability of this hub. Yikes!! I've sent it back, and since moved on to the SmartThings hub, which supports a ton of ZigBee and Zwave sensors, and is a lot easier to setup and use.
Two Stars Wish these would last more than 2 years.....
Stay away!!! Unreliable. I only use it for one single light switch, and still half of the time it is not working.
Easy To Add, Fun To Use, Don’t Use for mission critical I’ve had the insteon products like other users for a long time. I had the old wall plug hub in the old house and now the new hub in my new house. I control lots of lights, pool pump, fans, water detectors - I guess 30 devices all in all. With so many devices talking and transmitting the network is rock solid. If the hub gives a command, it is always followed.I find the design of the hub ok. Mine died like others and after reading the boards I bought a bag of C7 switching CAPs and replaced the C7 and all is right with the world. I measured the one that came out. It had only 10% of the strength as the one I put in. Now I have 200 years worth of CAPs. I think the duty cycle for the C7 CAP is pretty hard. But I didn’t loose all my programming and all is cool.I find the software functional - that’s about it. We should be able to use our own icons and change colors. What we have is boring and for my old eyes I can’t tell the difference between one button and the next if I choose the same graphic. The house-rooms-scenes thing works ok. I see other users complaining that they can’t set two scenes to start at the same time, like sunset. What’s the big deal? You just creat a sunset scene and put everything it it you want. Then if you want things to turn off, say 11 pm and then sunrise you create an 11 pm off scene and a sunrise off scene and put the devices you want in there. I think people over think things sometimes.The hacking bothers me. I read that it’s possible. Is it true? Smarthome should tell us. Smarthome updates the software automatically from time to time. No action on my part. I never notice. Everything is controlled through the internet. So if that goes down, your phones and iPads won’t be able to control it. But that’s not often. I also think that we use Smarthome’s servers. Does that mean that Smarthome knows what all of it’s products are doing?Adding devices is a snap, especially the more you add. Push a button, hear a beep, follow the directions on your iPhone.All in all I appreciate its design and how it controls lights, keeps track of when sunrise and sunset is, and just works .. except when you loose C7,which is every 2-3years.
Easy but requires completely re-entering all your devices. If you've worked with the previous Instead Hub version, this one will be a bit easier (no need for reconfiguring your router for port fowarding). But a basic gripe about this Hub - you will have to manually re-enter every one of your devices, scenes, and rooms. Insteon has no provision for saving the previous setup on its app and transferring it over to a new Hub. Very poor design on Insteon's part.
Five Stars Uses RF and powerline (Dual-Band) so always reliable communication between devices
I cant get it to work and now I missed ... I cant get it to work and now I missed the return time period so so unhappy with this darn things
I returned it.... I order this hub looking to streamline my Smart Home capabilities.My Ethernet connection is upstair... after countless time attempting to connect, Frustration overcame me.The next day, I was determine to connect.... this unit doesn't read wifi,You can connect by item identification, however the Item must be close to the Hub or you can purchase a Extender.It became Frustrating for me. I returned it to Amazon for a refund
My issue is the setup procedure and the fact that ... My issue is the setup procedure and the fact that the Insteon account is tied to a device, not to the user. I had to purchase a new hub to replace another 2245-222 hub that went dead after 2 years, 2 months. When I installed my new hub and tried to create an account, it would not allow me to set up the account with the same email address as was associated with the account for my previous hub. The only way to access my existing account is through my old hub which no longer works, so I have no way of deleting the account. I am now in the middle of a multi-day odyssey, exchanging emails with Insteon support to have them delete my old account. From an architecture and user experience standpoint this makes no sense.
I had no problems setting up my hub and adding ... I had no problems setting up my hub and adding 18 devices - all Insteon switches. But ... when I tried to add Scenes, it was a nightmare. I wanted to set up 4 Scenes - 3 groups of 6 each, and one “All Lights” Scene. Setting up each of the Scenes takes forever, and I was continually asked to Press and Hold the Set button for each device over and over. Eventually I got the first three Scenes set up, and programmed test schedules for each. On the first Scene, only 2 of the 6 lights come on and off. On the other 2 Scenes, NONE of the lights come on! I haven’t even started on the “All Lights” Scene - it would probably take several days to set it up, and it is unlikely that it would work anyway, given my experience so far. I can’t understand why setting up the Scenes should be such a nightmare when all of the 18 individual devices work perfectly.
Terrible Insteon app, but the service works beautifully with Alexa or Google Home once configured. Finally integrates beautifully with Google Home (as well as Alexa). This is the hub you want for Google Home or Alexa, not the more expensive model. Insteon is now awesome with either ecosystem (Alexa or Google Home). -1 star for terrible app from Insteon required to configure the hub and for Insteon's horrendous cloud service. But, once set up, works beautifully.
Three Stars Works great with app, has occasional issues with Alexa, but for the price not bad.
Three Stars lots of problems
Tried everything. Called support. Did what they suggested ... Tried everything. Called support. Did what they suggested. One minute it works. Next minute it does not. Router and hub were 15 feet from the switches. Switched phases per their suggestion. Even put the switches on the same breaker as the hub. I am tired of wasting my time and money.Do not buy!
This works This was a replacement for one that died. Works ok. I need to be able to control devices from my phone and this works.
Try it you’ll like it I’m sold on Insteon Products especially after all the frustration that X-10 caused me years ago. This system just plain works and for anyone needing or wanting to set up and use a Fanlinc this system is a ‘must-have’
Easy installation and integration with Amazon Echo I have had a mix of X-10 and Insteon switches for controlling lights and appliances for many years. The X-10, being no longer supported, are reaching end of life. In addition, I thought I would like to take advantage of the Amazon Echo interface for the lights.The Insteon hub is plugged into my Comcast modem which has also hosts a Linksys Velop router.Setup for the Insteon Hub was painless using the iPhone App. In just a few minutes I had linked my existing Insteon switches to the hub and to my iPhone. I then used the Alexa App "Smart Home" section to connect the Insteon devices and quickly had voice command of the lights for On/Off and intensity. One set of lights indicated it was connected but wouldn't actually respond to Echo or iPhone inputs, but I soon realized that was due to the light having a "3-way" setup and I had linked the Slave switch instead of the Master. After correcting that error all worked as planned.I am pleased enough to start ordering Insteon swiitches and plug-ins to replace my X-10 switches. Many reviews complain of the short service life of the Insteon gear. In my experience, with 4 wall switches, I have had no problem in around 10 years of service. I will update this review after installing the additional switch gear.
Bought two and had to return both within 6 months. I have purchased two of these hubs to use with Alexa and have had to return both within 6 months because they completely stopped functioning. I was able to return both for replacements and am now on my second set. I don’t think I would by these hubs again. I suggest you look for an alternative.
If I didn't need it, I would have bought it. I wish I didn't need it. Often loses connection, even though hard wired in. There was a known issue with previous model that would brick it completely, making it effectively dead. Another company with bad customer service.
Two Stars This product needs to work better. Tec support is good.
Set it up and go Like it installs quick
very easy to use I've had this for about 5 months now and so far works perfectly.....even one outlet is outdoors in the damp air (no direct water contact). I also bought another brand of outlets that doesn't require it's own hub. So far I haven't been able to use the other brand because getting the app to work has been chalenging. The Insteon app is by comparison, very easy to use.
Very happy with Insteon Switches The Insteon switches and Hub work great together. Pairing each added insteon device is easy and pretty quick. It allows you to have 3 and 4 way arrays too (although it's a little tricky). I personally haven't had any issues so far. Overall very happy with the Insteon switches.
There may be better hubs out there I've been using this hub for my home automation working with Amazon alexa. Unfortunately the hub appears to be finicky. The last update that they pushed out has created a problem and now the Hub works when it feels like it's working.
Terrible. Terrible Terrible. Terrible. Terrible product. First Hub only lasted a year. And we bought a replacement and it wouldn’t work with our existing system. A Sonos is so easy to set up. It just works. This is the opposite. Terrible user interface. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!
Great product great price Great product great price
Great starter home automation kit Best investment in home automation. Works well with Alexa
Doesn't work with Alexa I had to return it and get a refund. Just wouldn't work with Alexa.
If you buy this, you're making a mistake! I wish I could give this a negative 5 stars. Hours of wasted money and time. Don't Buy!I purchased all of my home automation peripheral devices before I bought this piece of crap. What a mistake. I never got the hub to connect to my home wifi. I tried several different routers and networks. As far as I can tell, it fails to register as an IP device, and is therefore, not assigned an IP address.Insteon tech support is worthless. I finally gave up and sent it back.Amazon issued a full refund on the kit. But I'm stuck with $400 worth of insteon devices and nothing to pair to.
Control everything with your iPhone and Alexa voice-control! I love controlling all the Insteon devices from my iPhone and Amazon Alexa. The previous owner of the house installed all Insteon switches. It took me a couple hours to register about a hundred devices to the hub with my Iphone. Now I have timed lights and fountains coming on, christmas lights automatically turning on. I was in Spain the other day and could see the status of all the lights in the house in California!
I hope that the Insteon Home Control Starter Kit pleases ... I hope that the Insteon Home Control Starter Kit pleases my son. I have no idea how it is used. This was an item on his Christmas wish so I got it for him for his birthday.
Terrible customer service and terrible product with such short lifespan Buyer beware! My hub stopped working after less than two years of usage. It went completely out; the led light won't even power in the unit. So what do I do now? If I buy a new one now, I will have to delete all my scenes and reset all of my switches and plugs. Basically, I need to redo the set up as each unit in my house was new. I read a comment here on Amazon where a customer was having the same issue and the "manufacturer" responded saying that they offered a fast 2-day repair service. Well, that was a lie. When I contacted them directly they sent me this email below discouraging me to do the repair. The closest thing to help they offered was to take a screenshot of the hub ID and then somehow they will help me re-do the device list. Terrible customer service and terrible product with such short lifespan. I will try to get a better hub that works with their switches.Email from them:Thank you for contacting Smart Home.With regards to your email, we are sorry for the issue that you have been going through and we will be happy to assist you on the same.We are here by to inform you that, we only have the repair option when the customer is installed more than 40 devices to the Hub and for your information repair option takes more than 20 days to resolve.However, please go through the below documentation for setting up the new Hub, if the old Hub gets defective.In order to register new Hub with the same user name and password or with the different one, you have to delete the account which is associated with old Hub.For your information, you do not have an option to retain the Scenes or schedules from defective Hub but we can help you out with the device list and you can add the devices to new Hub with less time frame.So, to delete the old Hub, we request you to attach the snap shot of old Hub Id to do the needful.Have a good day!Regards,James.
the insteon hub has been great to me As of right now, almost 3 months in to it, the insteon hub has been great to me. I love all insteon products and convenience of using it. I can control everything through app. I m hesitating to buy alexa to have, voice controlled feature. But, eventually, will do that as well.
One Star It would not work on my 5 years old Insteon switches
It works most of the time. I had an ... It works most of the time. I had an issue a couple weeks ago where it didn't seem to be connected. None of my other network devices had any issues with connectivity, so I did a hard reset and it seemed to fix itself. That issue hasn't come back, though. Would have rated 4 stars otherwise.
If Hub fails, you need to start over from scratch! I have been a big fan of Insteon and have it installed throughout my house. Unfortunately, last week my Insteon Hub died and I had to order a new one. Fair enough. Electronics sometimes fail.However, when I tried to install the new Hub, it said "unable". When I called Insteon support, I was told that if the Hub failed, the entire system programming needs to be redone -- scenes, etc.This is obviously absurd, but I was unable to get any further with their technical support. I will be calling a Lutron installer tomorrow with amazement and sorrow.
Five Stars Very good product
The base system is great. the system works well The base system is great. the system works well. The extra switches are too expensive. Other systems are more competitively priced and I think there should be package deals for multiple switches.
Amateur Design Flaws = Huge Inconvenience for You If your hub dies and you replace it, under warranty or otherwise, you have to delete your existing Insteon account and manually add all of your devices to your new hubIf you have more than one hub associated with your account and one of them is offline, you cannot access any of your hubs.Might be the worst architectural design I've ever seen. Avoid these amateurs and go with SmartThings instead.
Amateur Design Flaws = Huge Inconvenience for You If your hub dies and you replace it, under warranty or otherwise, you have to delete your existing Insteon account and manually add all of your devices to your new hubIf you have more than one hub associated with your account and one of them is offline, you cannot access any of your hubs.Might be the worst architectural design I've ever seen. Avoid these amateurs and go with SmartThings instead.
Critical Design Flaws = Huge Inconveniences for You If your hub dies and you replace it, under warranty or otherwise, you have to delete your existing Insteon account and manually add all of your devices to your new hubIf you have more than one hub associated with your account and one of them is offline, you cannot access any of your hubs.Might be the worst architectural design I've ever seen. Avoid these amateurs and go with SmartThings instead.
Alexa doesn’t work with this. I’ve gone through customer ... Alexa doesn’t work with this. I’ve gone through customer service several times now. Looking through the boards- it seems it’s a problem with Alexa.
Five Stars Great way to start moving to smart home.
Bought it for a friend as a Christmas gift. ... Bought it for a friend as a Christmas gift. Friend could not get it to setup. Returned it for an Echo.
Works great out of the box Works great out of the box. This is a new item containing the Insteon Hub (#2245-222) and two Insteon Dual-Band LampLink Dimmers (#245D2). This set appears to have been created for Costco, as the packaging says "additional items available at costco.com. The hub came with firmware #1006, but after an update, it has 1013 installed. Overall, this seems a great deal on these three components...the kit costs less than the Insteon Hub! So far, so good!
Android App doesn't work and customer service escapes responsibility I have owned this product since 2014 and the android app does not remove any devices from scenes. So when you want to remove something from one of the scenes in your home you have to reset all of your devices to make sure you removed all the group ID from the joined devices. Worst of this is support has been giving me the run around for it for years. The sad part is support constantly calls each other liars as I will get confirmation of the problem as a "known error" and then another technician literally said "you are the only one in the galaxy reporting this." I have escalated to supervisors only to continue to get conflicting information. The solution they are giving me at this time is to buy an Apple device and try that. I have never encountered customer service actually blaming others for known problems.
seems to be unstable I wish I had looked around a little more before ordering this unit. Alexa seems to lose connection with the hub AT LEAST once a week and I have to go into my computer to turn the lights on or off or to dim them. It stops for no reason and then starts again for the same unknown reason. I'm hoping the Phillips Hue set I ordered for other lights will work better.
One Star Didnt even work. Can’t get passed the configuration and I’m upset that I have spent money on this product. Now I have to go through the hassle to send it back. Waste of money, waste of time.
Three Stars After two years, it just stopped working -- dead. The light turned off and not operational.
This product is crap. I wish I never invested so much money ... You’ve been warned don’t do it. It only works sometimes... TPlink much cheaper and works. This product is crap. I wish I never invested so much money on Insteon in my house. I’m going to have to change all my switches to get rid of this expensive junk.
It would have been better off staying with my old manual switch If you want hear from Alexa “The Insteon hub is not responding” this is the product for you. I have been using Insteon and TP-link for all the light switches in my house for the past 3 years. My Insteon is not so instant in its response, and that’s when it works. It would have been better off staying with my old manual switch. On to the garage door opener once you use the app you will have to manually reset your garage door what a pain. Insteon is not ready for this IoT revolution. I wish I never brought this crap now I have go back and change all my switches back because what a waste of money and time. Believe me it’s not a cheap project.
Your echo and Insteon solution If you have Insteon and echo, a must have
NO support for Insteon I/O Linc with Alexa Works good until I discovered that it doesn't support all Insteon devices. I added an Insteon I/O Linc to control a device but then discovered that the Insteon hub doesn't make the I/O Linc device visible to Alexa. So it can't be controlled by Alexa and the Echo Dot. Fail. I should've bought the ISY-994i instead.
but so far I am very pleased. Here are a couple of tips I had an older hub 2242-222 and a fairly extensive Insteon installation but wanted the Amazon Echo support, so I got this kit to get the new hub and got the included wall modules for dirt cheap compared to the price of just the new hub alone. Given all the mixed reviews I was concerned, but so far I am very pleased. Here are a couple of tips:1) I kept the older 2242-222 hub to keep the X10 and HouseLinc support, but I completely removed the old app config on the cloud and deleted the account before installing the new hub. I did have to use HouseLinc to clean up some stranded device links after deleting the old app account.2) Then I installed the new hub, created a new account, and set everything up with the app.3) I used the iPhone app to do the setup and it went well. The Windows Phone app was too buggy to do setup and the Android app gets negative reviews so I did not even try it. So I used the iPhone app for setup, and am glad I did. Except for some long waits while setting up scenes, it was painless.4) I have a mix of old (no extended commands) and new devices, and had no problem at all using the old devices with the new hub. Setup of the old modules did require being physically at the devices (all wired-in switches) to push the setup button as instructed by the app to discover and configure them and create scenes.The new hub either came with or immediately updated to the latest firmware version (1013 as of this writing) before I did the setup so maybe that is one reason I had no trouble.The link to the Echo does not correctly show the scenes; it shows them, but as devices instead of scenes. I also created some groups in the Echo skill to mimic the scenes, so I'm not sure which it is using for voice commands, but it does work as intended ("Alexa, turn on entry lights" works, where entry lights is a scene and entry is a group.)
Works! Until it doesn't. I bought this directly from Smarthome a couple years ago (and change) now. It died a month after its two year anniversary of running in my home. The warranty on it is 1 year. A stationary, set-it-and-forget-it device that has no moving parts and you never physically interact with it can just up and stop working. Pretty cool!In the time that it was actually working, it made dealing with outlets and switches easier than some of the Windows-based automation programs. It allowed me to see those devices in Alexa once I bought one of those and the control from there was pretty slick. It's also nice that even with the hub dead (and sitting on my desk, unplugged), that the switches and outlets continue to work. Other systems don't do that. The downside of that nice fact is that if I were to buy a new hub, I'd have to redo every single thing about my setup. Considering you sign in with an account, that's pretty crazy that the configuration isn't stored somewhere.Either way, buy this if you have Insteon devices and want to control them without running software on your computer.
Poor Quality Control Just be aware that the product is made in China and is poor quality. Subject to burn out within two years. Slack quality control. Would go to the competition were it not for all the money I spent on sensors.