Poor range, poor security. Poor range on the included keyfobs. They work for me maybe a the time. Bluetooth is also a poor choice for security. These locks can apparently be compromised with a simple replay attack.
Game changer! Works great! Game changer for our Kevo.
Does not work with 90% of the Android phones Kind of pissed at this point after buying the Kevo lock, fobs, and finally another $100 for the Kevo Plus only to find out that it does not work with 90% of Android phones. Sent the first one back because I couldn't get it to pair with my Motorola Droid Turbo and after the replacement arrived I found out it's not compatible with most Android phones. BUT..... if I spend another $750 for a phone on top of the $350 I have spend on Kevo, I will finally be able to lock or unlock my door from my phone. WTF!!!!!!!!!
one of the best good product to rely on
I love this gadget Great purchase
Must have for Kevo users. You can buy this hub from any third party and have it work with your kevo locks and account.This hub is almost mandatory in my opinion for kevo locks. My only gripe is about kevo's customer support, I had sent no less than 3 emails to customer support asking a simple question... Do I have to purchase the hub thru the kevo app/account store or can I buy it from a third party vendor ala amazon. At the time Kevo was showing a 4 month wait time on orders thru the app... I never got a response from any of the emails. I searched all the forums and interwebs, to no avail. Finally I decided to be the guinea pig.It works, it is quick and easy to set it up. My hub is in my server closet, 35 feet from the front door and 45 feet from the back door, both with several walls in between. My front door is a Gen 2 kevo, and my back door is a Gen 1 Kevo Convert. The hub synced with both, and works without issue for me.I have since fully integrated it into my smart home system, using Alexa to query and control my locks. It is pretty quick and their Alexa skill is frankly the best I have used, with it preforming the action then letting me know it was completed.Finally, I have tested the functionality and interaction between kevo and skybell video doorbells... And while the whole thing is clunky, it does work.
Got it to work Good lock
Great lock Buying a second one for the back door. Lots of negative reviews but only problems I've had were: new phone. Had to get the app to run as a service again and disable battery management for the app. After changing the batteries and for some reason this happened changing the striker as well, had to recalibrate. I set it to lock automatically after 30 seconds which most will hate but its piece of mind for me. I leave my house with no keys when exercising and NEVER have been locked out. If it didn't open or my phone died i still have the garage code. If you can't troubleshoot your own stuff, don't buy these smart devices. I don't mean that as an insult, it's not safe if you don't have a decent understanding of how it works and it allows entry into your home.
Works as advertised, but budget for set of 4 Lion batteries (extra $40) I have 2 Kevo locks, and feel the Kevo is the best option on the market when I purchased in early 2018. Not perfect, but best available. Kevo allows me to dispense with carrying physical keys, and allows easy guest access (temporary or permanent). I do not need the internet bridge for this.Important about batteries: I purchased expensive 3000mwh Li-ion batteries like https://www.amazon.com/KENTLI-Rechargeable-Battery-Lithium-ion-Batteries/dp/B019O4WISY in order to have a nice long time between battery recharging. The Kevo electronics have a very high voltage requirement (a poor choice by Kwikset), so normal rechargeable Nimh batteries will not work. Smaller, rechargeable Li-ion batteries will also work, but require more frequent battery recharging. I'd really like Kwikset to change the voltage requirement of their electronics to allow using normal Nimh rechargeables.Many reviewers discuss bluetooth shortcomings. Kevo does fine, in my experience. Not perfect, but if you've ever used a bluetooth headset, you know the bluetooth protocol is subject to timing and interference issues. If you walk up to the door, and Kevo does not respond immediately, you can expedite by bringing your phone out and turning it on as you walk up. These details depend on the vagaries of bluetooth and your phone's sleep mode. For example, in my garage, where I'm parking a bicycle or car and therefore spending much more time within range of the Kevo before attempting to open it, the Kevo typically opens right away. In contrast, for the front door Kevo, where I walk up quickly, the connection can fail on the first touch of the Kevo. Turn on phone as you walk up, touch again if necessary. For me, it is such a win to get rid of keys, and have guest access, that I can put up with bluetooth imperfections, which are not unique to the Kevo.
easy to setup Works really well with my lock, easy to setup, and easy to use in the app.
This thing is just a pain in the a$$ 1. The app has to stay open in your phone all the time.2. Even with the app open the lock loses connection to the phone so it goes in to search mode.3. If it can't find your phone it just keeps searching until the batteries die.4. To get it to stop searching you have to unscrew the casing and pull the batteries out5. When you send someone an ekey the app gives them instructions to install the lock in a door. It can't tell the difference between the owner and someone you have sent an ekey to.5.It end up being easier and much quicker to unlock the door with the key than get out your phone, open the app and wait for it to connect.6. If you use your key to lock the door and touch the lock,and it happens to connect to your phone, it will unlock the door you just locked. You then need to kill the app on your phone so you can lock it manually.
Does not work with iOS12, and iPhone XS When it works it is great. However, it seems to not work every time iOS is upgraded. Currently I am unable to open my door with my iPhone using iOS 12. I am considering buying a new lock that as a key pad. Further, I’ve emailed for technical support with Kevo, gotten no response.
Not as effective as I thought Was relatively easy to install however it’s not effective as it doesn’t lock due to connection errorI’m not sure this is a common problem but we have had to use the key instead of touch even when app is open and close to door
Works, Kind Of The Kevo is a mixed bag. It works ok with my phone (Note 8), although most of the time, it requires at least two touches to lock/unlock. Not as lucky with my wife's phone (S7). Half the time it works (although again, at least two touches), the other half it doesn't (no matter how many touches) and have to resort to using the key. Even with the key fob, it requires at least two touches most of the time.A couple of notes.Lock history is only tracked when a phone is used. It does not track manually locking/unlocking nor if a key fob is used. Which is annoying, as I wanted to be able to track the fob, when my kids used it.Installing took a few tries. When the directions say that the lock should turn "smoothly," it means really effortlessly. When I initially installed it, it seemed to turn pretty smoothly (as compared to most locks I've used), but apparently there was enough resistance that the motor couldn't turn it all the way. After a few reinstalls, I finally removed the guide plate and manually aligned it. That finally worked.The app can be inaccurate in saying whether the lock is locked or not. There have been a few times that it said that the lock was unlocked, so I went to check and turned out that it was locked.If I had to do it over again, I'd probably choose another brand.
Best option I’ve found but still not amazing. I’ve owned Kevo since the first generation first came out and then upgraded when the second gen was released. For me, the touch to open is the easiest way to go. I really like being able to keep my phone in my pocket and just tap the lock bezel with my finger, elbow, or wrist to unlock it if my hands are full. IF it worked more consistently and more quickly it’d be amazing. It usually works for me as I’m a guy who keeps my phone in my front pocket though it’s hit or miss on how long it will take to talk to my phone and lock/unlock. It can take anywhere from 1 second to 10 seconds to get it to work with the average being maybe around 3 seconds. Maybe 20% of the time I have to tap it a second time to get it to work or in rare cases I have to pull my phone out and use the app to get it to lock/unlock. My wife on the other hand keeps her phone in a phone pocket of her purse and it works about 60-75% of the time for her without her having to pull her phone out of her purse. Before you start to wonder if it’s just user error, I’m a pretty tech savvy guy, I’ve gone through the calibration process, I’ve read the manual (and followed it), we have up to date iPhones, up to date software, etc... What it seems to come down to is that if the phone is not exactly where it is calibrated to be (standing too close or far from the door or in my wife’s case, having her purse on the other arm) it gets a little less reliable.With all that said, I had the first generation and I went ahead and got the second generation. Some of the others are out there look pretty cool also but I don’t like having to pull out my phone and also don’t want to use Geo fencing. Kevo keeps putting out software updates and it seems to improve my ability and speed a little more time. For me, something quite different comes along that is just as easy to operate, I will be sticking with Kevo and will just continue to wait for software updates.Regarding installation, it is very easy and can be done by anyone with even the slightest DIY skills. Kevo makes it super easy with step by step install and setup instructions with pictures/diagrams built right into the app. All you will likely need is a screwdriver. It’s easier than putting an ikea desk together for instance.
Works great. This lock works great. No need to have the keys out. Just have to leave app running in the background on your phone. Easy to install.
Works great no problems We also got the kevo plus. We use it mostly to remotely lock and unlock our door with cell phone, and to just check to make sure the kids locked the door it works great. I don't really use the Bluetooth function to touch the lock and unlock kind of pointless. Use my Wi-Fi extender to plug the ethernet cable into the kevo plus closer to the door. Works with no ploblems.
Locked me out of my house Worked well until one day it unsynced with my bluetooth and I had to pay a locksmith to break into my house...I am going back to a traditional style lock.
Remote convince I like this addition to the lock, its nice to be able to see if i remembered to lock my doors remotely, and if i forgot i can lock it!
Piece of junk Junk stopped working after 6 months
Works great with android phones Works great with android phones, but makes you open the app Every Time for iPhones, and if you ever need to contact them, the service is absolutely horrible! You literally need to call six or seven times just to be able to leave a callback number and stay on hold for a couple hours.
Buy an August lock instead - pass on the kevo We've had this lock for more than a year now, it has never worked as advertised. Pass on this lock. Great idea but this is not the answer. Our friend has an August lock and every time we go to their house I regret our purchase. This lock is easily 10 years behind August in terms of connectivity.To further explain the dysfunction of this lock we dont even use this lock as a bluetooth lock because it cant detect our phone. Literally all we use it for is the 3 tap lock when we leave.
Has a mind of its own This lock is a pain in my butt. My sister installed it about 9 months ago. I am so grateful it has a regular mechanical key because thats what I mostly use with it rather than stand at the door waiting for it to work, hoping it does.It locks on it's own all the time, often when the door is still open so then you have to unlock it to close the door. I'll be outside and it locks me out so I have to make sure I either have my phone or keys on me when I go outside in case it locks me out. it takes at least a minute sometimes more to unlock the door and sometimes it doesnt even work.It's a great idea but it just doesnt work. Dont get it.
Works About 20% Or Less of the Time tl;dr - Flaky lock that only works 20% of the time, if you're lucky. When it does work, takes 3-5 seconds to actually detect fob and lock/unlock. Only good thing about it is it looks good.Even after reading all the reviews, I decided to give this lock a chance because other than the reviews, it was everything I wanted in a lock. An actual deadbolt that goes IN the door (not all these other ones that have an external deadbolt), it doesn't require additional screw holes through the door or frame, and it uses a fob (I just want a fob, I don't have any need for online features). And when I got the fob, I was excited to see that it's supposed to work like the phone would work, as in I don't have to physically tough the fob to the lock.5 days in I'm sending this piece of garbage back. I've basically had the experience all the other negative reviews have had.1. Lock with the fob works maybe 20% of the time. Only once has it worked on the first try, and I tried it multiple times a day, going in and out, for 5 days. It usually takes 4+ tries before it'll finally lock or unlock. It doesn't make a difference if the FOB is in my pocket or I'm holding it right by the door. A few times it just straight up never worked and (thank God) I had the key to open the door. Since each attempt is about 5 seconds, I'm in front of the door a good 10-20 seconds before the lock finally locks/unlocks.2. The lock can't be updated. Attempting to update it requires THIRTY minutes (what the hell?) and the phone must be within 20 feet of the lock. I tried a good 10-15 times to update, but the update always fails with "an error occurred". Because that's so helpful. I figured maybe an update might fix the flakiness issue, but I guess I'm never going to know.3. The app itself is terrible, and it's a result of how Android works and the decision to make this a Bluetooth enabled lock. In order for the app to actually unlock and lock the door from the phone, the app must be running at all times, must be looking for the lock at all times, and it must keep an annoying, persistent notification up. The app takes a good 20-30 seconds to locate the lock, and then a good 5-10 seconds to actually lock or unlock the lock when you try to do this from the app.4. The touch to lock/unlock design is good, but the fact that the ENTIRE surface of the exterior of the lock is touch enabled is bad. The times I've had to use my key, the lock was activated as I was turning the key since my fingers are obviously going to brush the surface of the lock. If the lock wasn't garbage and correctly responded to touches, this could have resulted in damaging the hardware as I'm turning the lock and the lock simultaneously attempts to turn too. Only a section of the external part of the lock should be touched enabled to avoid this.All in all, terrible device that looks good. I'm shocked that Kwikset actually made this thing, "tested it", and decided this was good enough to put on the market.
Terrible product/terrible design Cool idea, but only if it works. It is very sensitive to lock. But it takes for ever, if even, to unlock. Do not get if you have kids because you will lock yourself or them out. Not a good design. And a terrible iPhone app. Terrible product.
Go with a different brand. This thing loses bluetooth reception all the time. I sometimes stand at my door for 2 minutes just waiting. Pretty much defeats the purpose.
Love it. One hub to rule them all Love it. One hub to rule them all. I currently have 2 kevo locks. I was concerned that the Bluetooth in this unit would not reach both of them. I was wrong. This one hub can control all of my locks from a single, central location. I now get alerts which I integrate with my smart home when the door is Locked or unlocked manual—not just when using the app. I highly recommend this for those that prefer the kevo lock solution
Doesn't work reliably. I'm very disappointed in this lock. I've re-calibrated it but it still take several tries to get it to unlock even with the key fob right by the lock. I've tried the app and it takes 30 seconds or more for it to see the lock and then more time to send the signal to unlock it. The key is an easier way to get in. I'd give it zero stars if that were an option.
Piece of garbage Doesn't connect all the time. Sometimes I have to force shut down the app and restart it.
When it works it’s awesome, just hardly ever works I even moved my wireless router to within 10 feet unobstructed view and my phone still won’t connect to it most times. I have recalibrated about 10 Times doesn’t help. Almost always faster to use a key. Looks nice and seems pretty durable. Would be great if it worked consistently and were able to open remotely without a paid subscription.
Home improvement Work perfectly with my lock
b'Great product Great product. We also have a Baldwin brand K\xc4\x93vo lock and the Baldwin one is fussy. The Kwikset one installed easily right out of the box. I already had the Kevo app installed, and pairing the Kwikset lock was trivial. Highly recommended.'
b'Great but better with the bridge I have been looking for a smart lock that works with my Ring Pro. Now when I have a friend come over when I am not home I can answer the door with ring app and click the Kevo icon which opens the K\xc4\x93vo app to allow me to unlock the door remotely. You need to spend another $100 for the bridge to do this. But once you make the investment you forget about how much you spent on the door lock and bridge and just enjoy the experience.'
Great features and security setting Great features and security setting. I definitely recommend watching the YouTube video for the instructions on the install as the instructions it came with are somewhat vague.
LG G6 on Android 8.0.0 doesn't work. App updates constantly break functionality My LG G6 used to work with the lock....then it was sporadically working....and now it doesn't work at all. Various attempts of uninstalling and reinstalling the app, recalibrating, talking with Kevo support, has not changed anything. My wife has an iPhone X and it mostly works, but she can't leave it her pocket/purse. Most times she'll need to put it in her hand and place it next to the door. Would not recommend for anyone with an android device that isn't on their "Approved List". And even if you are, reliability and support are pretty far down the list of their concerns.
Fobs Are A JOKE I have had mine for almost a year and I have resisted my wife's suggestions that we just go back to a new lock. It works OKAY on the phone after the most recent update, often unlocking on the 1st or 2nd attempt. Which makes it almost as good as getting a key out. But the fobs are an absolute joke. I seriously can't believe it. The battery lasts about a week and is dead and Kwikset's reply is that the battery lasts longer if you keep it somewhere where it doesn't get moved around. Seriously? I can't carry my key in my pocket then? Kwikset or a 3rd party really needs to develop a fob that can sit on a charge like and Apple Watch so it stays charged. And it would also be nice to have a lock/unlock button on it. I love the idea of touch to open. It works perfectly on my car. It works middlingly on this lock. After a failure on the first attempt (about 40-60% of the time), I would prefer to pull out the fob and push a button.
When you say it works with Alexa you need to also add “for a separate fee!” When you say it works with Alexa you need to also add “for a separate fee!”
A must have for kevo Works as described. Easy set up but you're better off looking up the directions online
b'A must have for K\xc4\x93vo wireless lock system Works great. Easy setup. No problems since set up'
Don't do it. I've had this bluetooth lock for 2 years now. It drives my family crazy so I'm finally going to replace it. You don't have to touch it for it to lock. Just opening the door and walking by will set it off. Good idea.....bad execution. Strongly NOT recommended.
Annoying: Needs wired connection Kevo does not make it clear in their product description that this device needs an actual wired Ethernet connection. You cannot just connect it to wifi the same way you can with an August lock. This is highly annoying. Odds are low that you already have an ethernet connection & cable sitting ready to go right by your door.
Meets all needs Works very well
Working reliably for us, several users. Installed easily by me in a metal door in NYC. We needed a key backup since this is our only door, and if the electronics fail... Otherwise I probably would have gotten a Nest. Works well for me, family, and the help. Even opens with my Verizon Wear24 smart watch, older Nexus 5, 2 Nexus 6 phones, and 2 LG 8" tablets and keeps track of which user opened or locked the door. I set it to auto relock in 30 seconds when anyone leaves. -1 star for the fob not tracking which one was used, although the fob's do work well (we have several). We don't have the Plus hub yet, but will probably get it so I can issue a temp ekey to maintanance workers if we are out of town. After two months it seems reliable and solid. It is now the only lock we use, and is convenient and faster than our old key locks which we no longer use.
Unreliable - needs work. For first adopters only Unlocking/locking from the kevo app is not reliable. It works most of the time, but sometimes it just does not perform the action. Using this device with alexa kevo home automation skill is even worse, it maybe works 10 - 20% of the time for locking. My kevo plus is maybe 12 ft from the door so that should not be the issue. The kevo lock while a great idea is not reliable in general, and this is just more of the same. The entire product line of kevo (lock, kevo plus, integration with alexa) is very very poorly engineered. Wait until they improve the product (gen3, lock or kevo plus firmware update), or get a different lock.
Works great! Several years ago I had tried using an August smart lock, which came highly recommended, but I uninstalled it for a whole list of reasons. The Kwikset lock does everything I want it to do, and is (IMO) better looking and considerably easier to use (I can't speak to the latest versions of August).- The animated, step-by-step installation guide was super helpful and the box came with everything I needed (except a screwdriver, but that was not an issue).- The app, while not perfect, does its job effectively (the "two factor auth" setting is in need of some love).- Updating the firmware was easy and clear (it works through the app).- "Programming" (pairing with phones and fobs) works quickly and is literally a one-touch operation (or maybe two).- I haven't yet tried sharing e-keys with others so I can't speak to that feature.- Tap-to-lock and unlock is kind of magical.- The interior deadbolt switch feels like a normal deadbolt (the August lock added resistance and was a giant disc instead of a standard flip switch).- Being a Kwikset, it's very easy to re-key the lock if needed (as long as the key you want to replace it with is also a Kwikset key).
Unreliable This lock has been more trouble than it's worth. The batteries didn't last a month. We've had to re-calibtate the lock multiple times. It takes at least 3 touches to work with my phone. The pairing gas been lost multiple times from my husband's phone. Today it didn't even recognize that I was touching the lock, and the lick wasn't visible in the app so I had to enter through our garage door. Of course the worst failure happened within a week of the return window closing. We're reverting to a dumb lock or getting a Schlag. Don't waste your on this piece of junk.
iPhone Bluetooth Pairing: If it doesn’t work, check this Mostly I’m writing this to help some other poor person who set up a Restrictions in their iPhone a long time ago and it’s conflicting with your Kevo 2nd Gen. The Kevo app is going to ask for Bluetooth permission. When I tried to say yes (I mean, duh, that’s how the lock works), it took me to Settings ... where the Kevo app page wouldn’t let me add Bluetooth, the Bluetooth page wouldn’t let me add Kevo ... I had to call Kwikset, and they had no idea. But while they were doing a group think to try to figure out what was going on (great service, by the way) I was fiddling around in settings and I found it.TLDR: Settings: General: Restrictions: Bluetooth Sharing: Allow. If you’ve turned restrictions on, this is set to “don’t allow” by default.If I think about it, I’ll add to this review how I actually liked the lock, but trust me, I wasn’t going to remember this sequence of iPhone settings much longer if I didn’t write it down.
Read the instructions and descriptions The install was a little challenging but not something impossible to figure out. I just installed it today so I've only tried it a few times, not really having any problems. As far as using up the phone's battery, using IFTTT I have the app set turn on around the normal time I leave every morning, then shut off a few minutes into my drive to work, and then it repeats the same around the time I get home in the evening so I'm not running it all day.I'm a little confused with some of the other reviews saying that they would be locked out if the battery died or the automatic unlock function stopped working.I wouldn't rely on it by tempting fate and leaving my keys at home, which it sounds like what people are doing. Also, all of the descriptions about how it works tells you that you need to purchase the hub to us wifi or Alexa. I guess they missed that part. Funny how people don't read all the descriptions and get mad and complain about something that they could have just READ THE DESCRIPTION!!!
Piece Of Junk I expected more from a name like Kwikset, but they missed the boat here.Worked for 2 months intermittently, hasn't worked now for almost 5 months even after new batteries and reloading.Pulling it and going with August!
Quality Very good product I liked .Thanks
too many wires This bridge needs to be a plug and play. Instead it must be 1) connected to an AC outlet, 2) ethernet connected to your house network, and 3) install the antenna. This thing should just plug into a wall outlet and work.
Terrible product, terrible app, terrible support In our case, this lock was a fairly large commit because we had to remove a mortice lock and replace it with this and fix the door frame, etc. Then I realized it doesn't work remotely without the Kevo Plus. So I ordered it, and it has completely failed. It simply won't pair with the lock. It doesn't show up in the app as an option to install anymore either, as if the company has abandoned the product. And it's been over a month trying to get support from them with NO reply. Not even an automated one. This is a terrible product and is an example of how hard it is for old school companies to make technology products. They just don't understand software development.
Love the lock. Love it! It’s so nice to just walk up to the door and tap it to unlock it. I just wish the auto lock could be set for a longer interval.
Hassle: Eats Batteries, Doesn't Stay Linked, Poor performance I've had this about six months now. In that time I've replaced the batteries in it about 3-4 times and the key fob (which I bought separately) twice. My indication the battery is low isn't a warning light, it just stops working. Also about every couple weeks (or a few times in that week if the battery is low) or so I get a spinning orange ring (which according to the instructions indicates its lost its link to the wifi, which I don't even care about and doesn't seem necessary for the keyfob only use) which makes the whole thing stop working. Then I have to use a key to get in, and take the cover off and remove the battery and put it back in before it works again. It takes about 3-10 seconds to open on any given touch and over time this has "seemed" longer and longer. I am tempted, very much, to just stop using its electronic feature and just go back to a key. I got it so I wouldn't have to fumble for my keys when carrying things in and out of my garage entry, but its been barely helpful at that. So then I will have a $200 lock on my door... fantastic!
Run far away from this product! This is the most expensive lock I have ever purchased. It’s also complete garbage. It locks randomly. It never locks or unlocks when you want it to. I’m in the process of smashing into hundreds of pieces and so I can ship it to Quickset headquarters. I doubt they’ll get the message because no competant company would have attempted to sell this thing to anyone.
Kevo Plus is useless since they don't allow any kind of automation I bought the Kevo Plus seeing that it was compatible with IFTTT and could remotely lock and unlock the Kevo lock. I planned to use this to automate the locking and unlocking using geofencing. However, it turns out that for "security reasons" this type of automation is disabled. So the only thing the Kevo Plus is good for is the rare times when you need to manually lock and unlock the door remotely. Why did they even bother making this?
Product flat out doesn't work terrible product. customer support strings you along.Says lifetime warrantee but doesn't cover its bad electrical components. stay clear
Love this lock!! Works wonderful. My hands are full, and I just touch the lock and open the door. Works great with Alexa!
Does Not Work. Does Not Work. Does Not Work. Works. Does Not Work. Does Not Work. The promise of this device is exceptional - sending an ekey to someone to use for a week or two, remotely unlocking the door, arriving home and simply touching the lock to open the door - all awesome features.And most of it worked for a couple days. Although my phone was too old to use by itself, I did get a key fob ($25) which worked.My wife (iPhone) had problems from the beginning. While initially it would open the door, after a couple days, the lock would flash red at her and leave her searching for the physical key.Then the app started to report that the batteries were low. I tried to replace them but Kevo only wanted to use the original batteries. That's something that will perplex me for years. The new batteries were alkaline, all measured above 1.5v - was it too much power? I'll never know. But putting in the original batteries (after a couple days in the device, they had dropped to 1.3v each) got Kevo up and running again.But then it all went south. Came home to a red light. Replaced the batteries and all I get is an amber spinning lock. Put the original batteries in. Amber spinning. New batteries. Amber spinning. Wait hours, try again. Amber. Leave the batteries in overnight. Amber. Factory reset doesn't work. No help from Kwikset (they regurgitated the Kevo Plus install page). So, this will be the first tech device I've returned in over 20 years.
Three Stars Takes minutes to lock & unlock with smart phone. Phone must be touching lock to operate.
Didn’t work. Disappointed. I wanna preface this by saying I am a 29 year old, tech savvy guy with tons of smart products in my home. It didn’t work! The touch feature never worked! I called support 3 times. Each time I hung up after waiting too long. One of the times I waited for over an hour! It Didn’t work at all with my iPhone X (via the app). Online support forums said it was super slow to update to new products. It’s August(2018)! That means they’re a year behind. Worked only half the time with my husband’s iphone 7. Completely defeated the purpose of it being a “smart lock.” I wish I would’ve taken all the negative reviews more seriously before purchasing. Ended up being just a real headache. Returned!
Fabulous! But only when it works. Which is infrequent. I've had this lock about a year and half. It worked perfectly for six months, and then a friend told me I should have more than one fob. So I got two more, synced them up with the lock, and it never worked right again. It was on a metal security door. When I touched the door, with no fob and no open phone app in the vicinity, it would spontaneously lock or unlock. I had to hide a key outside because it had a tendency to lock me out.Gotta give the support service some credit, because they sent me a replacement. That's the one star. The second lock worked perfectly for a little while until it too, had a hissy fit and started failing to respond and open the door, and eventually started locking me out. The third lock they sent me tested out perfectly after I installed it, but the very next day when my tenants tried to get in, it wouldn't open. The security company had to let them in.The fourth lock is on its way to me now. Gotta give them credit for honoring that warranty. Here's the problem, though: they send you refurbished locks when the one you bought fails. So you get a problem lock to begin with after that first one fails. And fail it will.Too bad. It looks just like a normal deadbolt, no big klunker sitting on your front door, and when it works it's a thing of beauty - to this gadgeteer, anyway. But don't leave home without the key. Sort of undermines the purpose of a fancy - expensive - electronic lock, though. On the up side, it does tend to work with the phone app, even when the fob fails. This doesn't help me with my tenants though, because I give them a fob.
Four Stars works as promised
Control your Kevo smart locks from anywhere Very simple to install and a must if you want to control your Kevo locks when away from home. Has good range which is important since you have to connect directly using a cable with your router. Integrated seamlessly in the Kevo iPhone app.
Convenient but needs some work. 2 1/2 stars The setup was not too difficult but once I had the owner key on my iPhone the touch to open was very flaky. I had sent my wife an ekey and she had much better response from the touch. So, I created an ekey for my self, signed out of the owner key, set up the ekey with admin privilege and it works much better. If you have a second email address I recommend you do the same. Once I did this it woks probably 97%. much better that the owner key. I like the convenience but the Bluetooth running in the background suck a lot of battery power. I was used to charge my iPhone every other day, now it’s every night. I’ll need to turn this off when I travel or I’ll never get through a day.
Now I just have a pretty but useless lock on my door Literally has been on my door but still have no idea how to use it . It doesn’t connect to my phone . Wish it was easier . Now I just have a pretty but useless lock on my door .
New lock access Is working fine
Slow and Unreliable If it works or is so slow you might as well use a key. The good news is you will have a key with you because it is not reliable enough to work with out one.Kwikset made a mistake when choosing this technology.
Too many problems. Will likely return The physical installation is easy enough. But load their app and the first it is says is how important it is to upgrade the lock firmware. Guess what? The download process doesn't work! You have to scour their website to find an obscure FAQ that instructs you to touch their lock while downloading. Why they didn't put that in their updated instructions, is mindboggling.But gets better.Try calling their tech support. An automated machine tells you their office closed and then reads off the hours they're open -- when you just called them during the hours when they say they're open!!! WTF?!?!
Ethernet only, No WiFi connection Though it works, I had to reset it a few times to sync with my phone. The BIGGEST disappointment is the fact that it MUST be hardwired to connect to the network. How does this even make sense? This is the ONLY "SMART" device that I own which requires an Ethernet connection instead of wireless. My Cable Modem is upstairs and far from any exterior door, so to use this I need an Ethernet to WiFi adapter, which adds cost to an ALREADY expensive "connectivity" option.Poor decision on this aspect.
DOES NOT WORK TRASH PRODUCT Trash product that only works when the door is physically open. Lock does not even show up on the app once its set up, making it completely useless. Putting my phone next to the lock does nothing. A huge waste of your time and money.
I don't have to sleep outside anymore Frustrating but relax, breath stay claim. I am loving this product. Lock works great took a little figuring out but we made it work as it should by flipping parts. Work great on the App. I am using a Samsung's S9 plus so I haven't had any problem with it not working. Set up was different. Just remember to program or register everything in the app. Door lock latches pretty smoothly. Phone vibrates if using app for unlocking and locking door or even if you are using the keyless feature runs off bluetooth off phone.If you want to use Alexa you must purchase the Kevo plus Hub and pair it up with Kevo app and Alexa App. Which I like this feature the times and years I once locked myself outside. Now I could walk up to the window and hopelessly she can hear me say.Alexa, would you be a sweetheart and unlock my door.But in reality who doesnt have their phone less then two feet away from them.Thank you again for this product.
False advertisment False description, it saids it will come with 2 ekeys. But only 2 standard keys in box.
Kwikset Kevo (2nd Gen) -- Very happy with this lock. I have been wanting to install a smart lock for awhile but, could never find one that I liked. I was watching an episode of Shark Tank and UniKey was on showing their software for a smart lock. What they demonstrated was exactly what I was looking for. I searched to see if I could find a UniKey supplier and learned that they had licensed this technology to Kwikset which is what is used in the Kevo. I did further research on Kevo and really liked what I saw so, I ordered a lock along with the Kevo Plus. One of the major reasons for shifting to a smart lock was that my wife and kids routinely lost their house key. However, they have never lost their cellphones. So, a smart lock was a win-win.When the lock arrives they suggest downloading and installing the Kevo app on your phone. I highly recommend this because it has great interactive instructions for installing the lock. It took me about 15-20 minutes to install the lock and everything went very smoothly. It was very easy through the app to setup my initial eKey. Please note that you do need to setup an account first before you can generate an eKey. Once the eKey is generated and on your phone the lock is ready to use. You can send additional people eKeys for the lock through email but, each person will need to setup an account with Kevo to accept the eKey. If there is a downside to this lock, this would be it. I would prefer there was a way to send eKeys without the recipient having to download the app but, it has to be setup this way so you can revoke eKeys to people you have sent them to if you choose.Once the lock is installed you will most likely see through the phone app that a firmware update is required for the lock. The update process works well but, you have to leave your cellphone within 20 feet of the lock while the update is sent to the lock. Your phone stays unlocked and screen on during the update process. The update for me took about 20 minutes but, worked very smoothly.I also highly recommend you purchase the Kevo Plus if you are purchasing this lock. The combo is a bit pricey but well worth the money. The Kevo Plus allows you to remotely lock or unlock the door and also see the status of the lock. Great way to lock the door if your kids leave the door unlocked when they leave the house. You can also see which eKeys have operated the lock so, if you are concerned whether your kids have made it home safely you can see that in the history of eKey usage through the mobile app.The last thing I will mention is the cybersecurity of the lock. Like most things, smart locks are susceptible to hacking. I watched several YouTube videos and read articles about this lock before purchasing and I couldn't find one where they were able to successfully hack the Kevo. There were articles that mentioned the Kevo key fob had some security issues but, that did not come with my lock and I would not have used it if it had. It is important to install firmware updates when they come out to ensure your lock stays secure. No smart device is 100% hack-proof so, be comfortable with that risk before purchase.
Good Lock - Could Be Better The lock works fairly well, though often it takes time to recognize the device to lock or unlock.Calls to Kevo just ring, making support lacking.This lock really needs to work with Google, not just Alexa.
The Kwikset Premise Touchscren is better Don’t buy this. It seems like a great product but let me recommend another Kwikset lock that just works way better— Kwikset Premise Touchscreen (plus an Apple TV or iPad if you want to remote control it and use HomeKit). I owned one before at our last house and we liked it but I decided to try this lock at the new house because it garnered so much praise on the wirecutter. But after troubleshooting and calibrating this one for almost 2 months, we are returning it and re-purchasing the Premise lock. It’s just not worth it to fiddle with a lock so much and then still have it work only 50% if the time (and much less with my wife’s older phone). For the time you spend pressing your finger to the glowing ring on this lock and then hoping it works —and feeling kinda stupid standing in front of your door just looking at it—, you could just tap in your code on the Premise lock and get in 100% if the time with way less hassles. Just my 2 cents.
Easy to Set Up We bought this to connect to our Kevo lock. It was easy to set up and after a few months of routine use we haven't had any issues with it whatsoever.
would not buy another one. this is not ready for mainstream use yet. This product came in very nice original factory packaging. It installed very easily. However it would not hand or program. I sent it back for replacement. The new one arrived in a different package but it was originl factory. It installed very easily also. This new one programmed right up and has worked for about 3 months.A couple weeks ago i received a call from the home owner stating that the lock was making strange loud noises. I went to see what the problem was and the only to make it stop was to pull the battery. I reinserted the battery and the lock started working again. This lasted at least a week then she called again. I pulled the battery one more time then did a factory reset according to the manual. Lock is now working again perfectly. after one more week i get another call for the same problem. I think that this unit is also defective. Ive tried to contact Kwikset but i am not getting any answers. I think that Amazon needs to address this problem and replace the lock.
Doesn't work 50% of the time and battery died after 3 weeks of use Came to us without an actual functioning key, which you'd think would be kind of a given with a door lock (the key provided didn't match). The replacement mechanism with the right key took a couple of weeks to arrive (and, granted, we took about a month to call them and finally ask for one, because the call center hours weren't convenient for us). When we finally installed it, it worked great for about three weeks, when the battery died. Ever since then, it's been working on a 50/50 basis, and you never quite know when it will refuse to lock or unlock. We've done everything in terms of pairing it, resetting it, etc that they recommend, but it still malfunctions constantly. Very fun to use when it works, but so far, a total disappointment.
Not up to par I purchased this when it was on sale hoping that it would make life easier. It has done everything but. The lock will respond to my phone occasionally but not the fob. the front LED circle and touch function has never worked. I’ve contacted support and was told to reset it which I had already tried three times. I have been on the phone with customer support but they consistently say that they have a high call volume and so either you Wade or leave your name and number and they will call you back. I have called Knauer three times and left my information to no phone call back. I tried to go through customer service online and they respond with a vague computerized responses. I really wanted this to work I think it looks good and has possible functions but the lack of customer support and what appears to be defective product has me planning to return this ASAP.
One of the most frustrating products i have ever owned. Was a replacement for an equally frustrating 1st gen kevo. I was given two kevo 2nd gens as replacements for kevo 1st gen units that died out of the blue. The kevo 1st gens were out of warranty after only one year, but kwikset agreed to an exception after a lot of push back. Both of the original kevo's were frustrating to no end, so I was hopeful that the 2nd generation product would be better.. As it turns out, its worse. The batteries can no longer be changed without a screw driver. You now need to unscrew the entire back plate in order to pull out the battery pack. The unit is just as slow to respond and doesn't work just as frequently as the first gen lock. Today i came home and my partner had taken it off the door in frustration. I can tell you we will never be buying a Kwikset product ever again.
One Star piece of crap. touch doesnt work, ring doesn't work. it's junk. bluetooth doesn't work, wireless, doesn't work
worse than expected - "touch-to-open" feature never worked for me;- doesn't have WiFi and because of it:a) requires $99 HUB to work with Alexab) requires your mobile phone to be left near it for software updatesc) you can't check status or operate the lock remotely (out of bluetooth distance)operation from the mobile phone App is not perfect either:- upon its start the App needs sometimes up to one minute "to find" the lock (to establish communication)- lock/unlock commands from the App UI takes from 7 to ~30 seconds for lock to react to the command
Five Stars A must if you have a Bluetooth Kevo.
b'Plug and play K\xc4\x93vo system is great. Easy set up right out of the box. Paired with my knob almost instantly.'
Kevo App is the Achille's Heel It's taken me a while to get to review this item because I wanted to give it a fair shake and let Kwikset work out the bugs. Unfortunately, it's still full of bugs.The main problem is that the software controlling both the app and the lock doesn't work. After adding new batteries to the lock and loading up the software on my phone -- an old school Nexus 6 Motorola (still a fantastic phone) -- the lock and phone established a connection and all was good. I then installed the external lock portion to my door but because my door is older and thicker (2.25") than modern doors the bolts didn't fit. A "thick door" kit is waiting in the wings to be ordered.So on to the body and brains of the lock. When the app works the lock works as expected -- it locks and unlocks. However, not too long after its initial test the app started throwing warning about jamming. The problem with that was that that the bolt and the housing were not connected. All the lock needed to do was turn the knob open or closed. Finally the Bluetooth app could no not find the lock and so nothing. Absolutely nothing. Ab.So. Lute. Ly. No.Thing.Right now, only after a few hours of initially connecting the app to the lock, my phone still cannot find the lock. The lock mechanism itself is sitting right in front of me ... only 2-3 feet away. New batteries. New app installation. Kevo keeps searching and searching and searching and then finally tells me that there's a connection error. No kidding, the lock is sitting right in front of you and you can't find it!The build quality seems nice -- metal and plastic as expected. The bolt itself could be thicker and appears to be hollow but the throw is good and will probably withstand a kick or two before the frame gives way. The only problem is that if the software fails then there's no reason to have a "smart" lock because you're going to be using your key.So I'm going to order the thick door kit and see how it goes. I will update this saga if there's anything worth mentioning. If the Kevo continues to fail then at least I'll have the right bolts to use on a new manual deadbolt.
Burns through batteries like no other Burns through batteries like no other. Not reliable in terms of connectivity or ease of opening. I am continually changing all four batteries, re-connecting the device and feeling frustrated every time it hangs in connecting. In the optimal environment close to the wireless router and on an iPhone-do not buy until and if this gets perfected.
Does not provide upgrade application Need application code to upgrade true Kevo Plus.Not provided by Amazon. Better to purchase through Kevo and the code and application update are included.
Disappointed Broken and tear package
Don't waste your money! This works great for the first few months. But over time the batteries die quickly and it intermittently opens when you tap it, making it quicker to just use your key. I've had it installed for about 2.5 years and no longer bother even trying to use it as a smart lock. Now it's just an expensive regular old lock.
Simple yet Sophisticated Smart Lock We added this smart lock to our front door. I installed it without a problem, the guides are good and self explanatory. Calibrating the Touch to Open was very simple. The app is intuitive and runs in the background. Just approach door and touch : voila! It opens. We sent ekeys to the kids. Love the product.
Almost, not quite there It is cool to just carry a fob. Unfortunately, it is slow when it works and many times it takes two or more times to operate.
Great product that meets expectations Great product that irks as advertised. I love the Alexa capability that I can unlock my door via voice if needed.
Would be nice if it worked without kevo app running Always works when kevo app is runninig in iphone background. Hit and miss when kevo app turned off. Would be nice to be able to operate all the time when my iphone is close by and kevo app not running.Update: It now works well without the kevo app running on my iPhone. Fantastic.
Great smart lock Perfect smart lock works very good but If you want to use it with Alexa you have to purchase the Hub. It's a bit pricey
b'Thank god it was a gift This is the most expensive paper paper weight I have ever owned. Worked for the first month or so perfect then it went down hill. Hit the lock and nothing happens, just spins blue for about 2 minutes then I just get my key out and use it which defeats the purpose. After an update my app stopped keeping me logged into the app so every time I would pull in the driveway I would normally open the app and press unlock and by the time I got to the door it was open which was awesome, that\xe2\x80\x99s old news. As of recently neither my wife or I have the app open or our phones on us and if you hit the deadbolt it opens ??. Needless to say I took the batteries out tonight and will probably never use that $200 deadbolt again. Great potential. Terrible execution'
Looks great. Have to see how long batteries last. Stopped working with the FOB. Replaced the FOB battery and it worked again. Now it has stopped, Will not work with the FOB or the iPhone now and will not pair with the iPhone after a reset. I've had it installed for one month. Thank goodness we carry keys for the door.Replaced the batteries in the lock. It works great again. Old batteries test on the meter as being good. Will have to see how long these batteries last.
A lifesaver if your key breaks off in the lock I bought this lock after I returned from a trip and found out my pet sitter’s key had accidentally broken off in my previous lock. I knew I needed a lock I could get open even if this happens again so I ordered the Kevo 2nd gen Bluetooth lock. I could not be happier with it.It took a bit of time to get it installed and I accidentally stripped one of the screws as I installed it but once I got it in place it was easy to use. The installation video on the Kevo website is easy to follow. I had no problem getting the app to work and I’ve ordered some fobs so I don’t have to leave the Bluetooth on on my phone. No issues so far. I also saved almost $100 by buying it on Amazon versus the $260 that I would have paid for it at Home Depot or Lowe’s.
Won't connect. It some connect to my lock. Highly disappointed.
Too loud. Wait for next version. So loud when locking and unlocking. I guess it is added security because you can hear it anywhere in the house. I would think for the price they could maybe have a quieter motor. I would not buy again.
Doesnt work! Item doesn’t work
Authentic KEVO hub Authentic KEVO hub. Some issues with the lock itself, but this hub functions perfectly
Not the best product on the market. The August lock is far superior to this. It’s great in theory with the touch feature when you’re close up and the traditional look. But the app developers are pretty awful.First, if Bluetooth is connected to anything else (like headphones), you’re lucky if the lock sees your device. You need to go in and actively connect to Bluetooth, defeating the entire purpose of the lock.Second, this gateway comes with the worst instructions ever written. Plug it in and go to your app. Great, go where? Do what? What features do I have? You can figure it out but everyone isn’t an IT professional.Last, the connectivity is spotty and unreliable over WiFi. There are better devices out there.
Touch n go Love the lock. It’s great because I love being able to go out, take an Uber and never carry my keys. It’s not the first time I’ve installed a door lock before but this took me a little while so what the video on install and the batteries that came with it burnt out real quick. Not sure if it was the quality of battery or the lock just burns through batteries. I don’t think it should go through batteries in 2 months. Don’t need to be locked out
Issues with false representation Still working with the device fob does not work, so far.... Phone can not pair with it and the only thing it seems to be capable of doing is automatically locking the door so I hope in some way it will work.... Unfortunately it might end up being sent back if it does not work in the manner I read about lights in the front are also not working still will test its out however may look for an alternative. This was to be the newst generation it is not from what I see hence the lower price and listing it in correctly I do not like being mislead.
Unreliable The technology is definitely cool and I really wanted to like it.However, it's been incredibly unreliable. It searches and searches and can take up to 15 minutes to connect. On several occasions it has simply "rebooted" indefinitely and I had to take it apart to reset it.Very unhappy.
Awful product that doesn’t work. This is the first review I’ve written for something purchased on amazon but I felt the need to share because of how truly awful the product is. This lock DOES NOT WORK. I purchased the second generation because I thought the kinks from gen 1 were worked out. This lock manages to be worse. It NEVER connects. It’s an expensive traditional lock that requires a key, only this one lights up for a few seconds giving you the false hope it is “smart”. It is not.I went through every last trouble shooting hoop kevo/kwikset guided me through, and none worked. Don’t ignore all the other bad reviews like I did. Buy another lock. Any other lock. Just not this.
Battery problems Did not connect to app, was a gift, could not return.
Kevo Plus works as expected. Kevo 2nd Gen locks are only worth getting if you get the key fobs with them. The Kevo Plus itself works well for what it's supposed to do. The first time we tried to set it up, the app was not able to find the device, but after following a specific sequence of toggling bluetooth, reseting the device, etc. we finally got it. A lot of the negative reviews on here seem to be due to the Kevo lock itself. We have two second gen Kevo locks, and can attest to the frustration. The only way the Kevo locks are worth buying are with the Kevo key fobs. Forget trying to touch the lock with only the app and expect it to work. The app will not stay open in the background of your phone long enough for it to work consistently. Even then, sometimes it doesn't work or can take a long time for the lock to open. Works 100% better with the fob.
Worth it! Works as advertised. It is super convenient not having to look around for keys especially when you’re carrying items. I do not have a key fob so I can not review on how well they do together. As far as the phone app, it is reliable but make sure you have the app and Bluetooth on. Many of these bad reviews prob didn’t read the instructions on how to use your phone as a key. I have an iPhone X running ios12 beta and have had no issues. I can not comment on using the wireless unlocking due to not having the hub or connectivity with “smart home” devices.Easy to install, interactive app helps if you have no experience installing a door lock.If you’re thinking about it, BUY IT! Don’t listen to the negative reviews. Had mine for a while with zero issues. Especially with the current price $160 6/28/18. I paid regular 249.99 and even then it was worth it.
It was worth it Happy I finally got it. I finally have useful function for Alexa.It’s great when you have visitors where it’s not sure what time the arrive, and you’re not home yet.
Doesn't work as efficiently as we thought it would. ... Doesn't work as efficiently as we thought it would. It takes a few minutes to get it to work and lock the door. If you are in a rush, use your actual key and not the app.
Good concept Great concept, appears to be quality made, looks great... but Bluetooth technology appears to be a bit slow and sometimes faulty
would not recommend. Unfortunately, it doesn't work 98% of the time.When it does work, you need your phone practically touching the device. would not recommend.
This tech isn’t there yet- save yourself the frustration We purchased this lock for our vacation condo that we frequently rent out to guests. We wanted it for the convenience and control it offered with the ability to send scheduled keys to our guests for their stays. We also bought a fob for our housekeepers and the hub so that we could monitor the lock remotely via wi-fi. I was super pumped about this system. My husband was skeptical from the beginning. I talked him into it and defended it over and over again. I am now changing my tune (I hate it when he’s right). This lock has been nothing but trouble since the day we installed it. The app is buggy and needs to be restarted and even on occaision re-installed to operate the lock. Even with the app working properly, the lock still doesn’t respond sometimes. The batteries began to fail less than 3 months after install, despite ensuring that the lock was properly installed and free to move. Many of our guests have found that it isn’t intuitive to use in the first place—the flashing lights and colors are basically meaningless if you don’t have a decoder to tell you what’s going on. We have fielded many late night calls from guests unable to enter the house after a long day, culminating in a call last night because the lock was stuck in an infinite reset loop (spinning amber lights, which according to the Kevo website, means the lock is rebooting). I couldn’t access it remotely during this crisis which completely defeated the purpose of the $100 hub, and the fob didn’t work either— another $30 wasted. I drove 2.5 hours to let our guests into our condo with the mechanical key at 0130 in the morning. According to the guests who checked out this morning, the lock is still spinning amber, so the batteries will probably die soon as well. Kwikset will be getting a call from me today, but in the meantime, please don’t make the mistake of purchasing this lock. Kevo has a lot of work to do before it’s appropriately useful for this basic necessity of home use.I guess the one star is for its aesthetic appeal. It looks nice on the door. That’s the nicest thing I can say about it right now.
This is the worst money I've ever spent 0 stars. This is the worst money I've ever spent. If you buy this item, you will be spending an excessive amount of money for a normal key lock, because after a month of exasperated trying (it has only successfully worked twice), I now don't even bother wasting time and just go straight to the normal key. The reviewer who said that the reviews don't refer to the 2nd generation Kevo is incorrect. I have the 2nd generation Kevo, purchased in May 2018, and it does not work. Most of the time, it says "searching"... I am literally 6 inches from the lock and it cannot find it. I have an iPhone 7. I've tried several times to pair/unpair with the hopes that it will work again, but it just errors. I'm really really sad about purchasing the item, and unfortunately I bought it with reward points so I can't even return it. What a hassle and waste of money.
Nice when it works but that isn't often enough to justify the price It's a good lock when it works but that isn't often enough to justify the price including fobs and a kevo plus (trying to get it to work). Recalibrate the application and it works for a week then it will stop, tap the lock and you have a 20% chance it will work. The wind blows and then it will lock when the door is open so it can't be shut. I now have a $200 lock that I have to use a key on since I had to take the batteries out to save my sanity.
Easy to install - works great Easy to install - works great. Peace of mind being able to monitor the house - Convenience of being able to lock and unlock remotely. We can unlock our front door from the car so that we can walk straight in the house with an armload of groceries or dodging the rain.
Great lock! It works like a charm Great lock! It works like a charm. I would highly recommend this lock. It is so handy to just give it a swipe and it's open sesame! The cell service, where I live, is intermittent but the lock works everytime! I am so glad I chose a Kwikset.
It's very easy to install but had a small problem when pairing ... I've owned the Kevo (1st Gen) and after it wouldn't lock / unlock my doors as frequently I figured it would upgrade it to the 2nd Gen. It's very easy to install but had a small problem when pairing the new Kevo lock with my phone app. It kept on reading the 1st Gen. lock so I went ahead and deleted the app and reinstalled it. After playing with it for a few minutes it finally recognized the new lock. So far I am very amazed with the functionality of the lock and love the fact that I can unlock the front door from anywhere in the world for my family or friends. The Kevo Plus Connected Hub has to be purchased separately (with a heavy price tag) but it was well worth it. Compared to the 1st Gen the 2nd Gen has come a long way. Once in a while the door won't unlock right away but I believe it might be because my phone is trying to switch from Cell tower to WIFI when I get close to the house. Other than that I don't have any complaints so far with the new Kevo lock.
The Wirecutter recommends this and I wholly agree! Great lock! Just READ the detailed instructions AND follow them and you'll be completely satisfied!
Great Keyless Lock System This system is really great! No need to search for keys. I use my iPhone, so don't need the fob either. I would highly recommend.
It is great when it works! But most of the time it does not work. It is great when it works! But most of the time it does not work. After using it for a year with numerous calibrations, it is rare when we can open the door with just a tap. Most of the time, you tap on the lock and the blue light swirls around and nothing happens. Then you pull out your phone, bring the Kevo app from the background. It takes about 30 seconds for the Kevo app to crash (it always crashes) with iOS 10 and iOS11. Then launch the app again, wait about 30 seconds for it to connect, then tap the lock again and see if it unlocks. Sometimes, you need to try this sequence several times since the Kevo app might crash again. We have this problem with iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 8.Several messages sent to the Customer Support have not been returned.
Great in theory, terrible execution. Installation is a breeze. The idea of the product is fantastic; touch to unlock (with phone on your person) and walk into your house. Unfortunately, regardless of countless calibrations, it just DOES. NOT. WORK. I'd say the lock responds to touch appropriately maybe 20% of the time. The rest of the time you are left standing there in front of your lock with a pretty spinning light and nothing else. At this point you either angrily take out your phone, open the app and unlock the door or just use the key. Useless.The ekeys are a nice feature but they too have been inconsistent in their performance.A lock needs to work no short of 100% of the time. I cannot recommend this product to anyone.
Quick to open, easy to install. Touch to open, and allowing the whole family to use digital keys has been a huge help. We have had minor issues with it, such as having to reload the app from time to time. So far we are enjoying it. I would definitely recommend it. (2nd gen)
so this product was useless. The keyless entry kevo never worked, so this product was useless.
The cell to connect does take a few second more but my wife and I still like it. We can give my dog watcher the ... Missing screws for the housing. Lock was ok to install despite missing screws. Once set up works perfectly. It’s takes a second or two to unlock using the key fob. The cell to connect does take a few second more but my wife and I still like it. We can give my dog watcher the virtual key and get her in when we are gone. In will our new locks on garage and front door next. Can rekey them as well with included took. Will add star when screws are resolved
b'This lock is GARBAGE, DO NOT BUY THIS! Well to start If I could give this 0 stars I would. my first mistake: I did not buy mine from amazon. Bought it at Lowe\xe2\x80\x99s and Lowe\xe2\x80\x99s won\xe2\x80\x99t refund my money because it has been past 90 days, Kwikset won\xe2\x80\x99t refund my money they will just replace the POS I have with another POS. The second mistake was thinking I would try it despite the poor reviews! Now I will start my review.This lock is garbage! Myself and my family have been locked out of the house too many times to count because the Bluetooth function is terrible. I have spent more time staring at the stupid blue lights going in circles until I finally got my key out and physically unlocked the door. I\xe2\x80\x99ve had people unlock the door from the outside while I was inside the house with my phone at least 6\xe2\x80\x99 from the lock. despite how many times I tried to \xe2\x80\x9ccalibrate\xe2\x80\x9d the lock it never helped, it was never \xe2\x80\x9csecure\xe2\x80\x9d. If you really want to struggle getting into your home you should definitely buy a Kevo gen II \xe2\x80\x9cDUMB\xe2\x80\x9d lock. No matter how many times I refreshed the app, closed it out and reopened it or manually tried to connect to the lock it just sucked! Save your self the frustration and buy a Nest lock with the keypad and the Nest connect to control it via WiFi, that works great! My Kevo Gen II is now a $250.00 stand for a decorative lantern above my kitchen cabinets and it does work great for that I guess so ????\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x82\xef\xb8\x8f. What a waste of money, Absolute Garbage and don\xe2\x80\x99t make the same mistake I did and think that the one you get will work better despite the terrible reviews! Trust me get the Nest lock I haven\xe2\x80\x99t had a single issue with it since I installed it 3 weeks ago.'
Helping the Disabled As there are few locks that allow Un Lock feature, this worked perfectly in a disabled location and Home Owner is very happy with this setup.
Kwikset will not stand behind their product by replacing it I received one of these locks as part of a home purchase. The previous homeowner left the unit behind in operational order.I took ownership of the house, and tried to pair the Kevo to my iPhone X. I had several failed attempts.I then called customer support to report the issue. The operator walked me through a few factory resets (which I attempted earlier, before the call) and then the phone support person had to call an engineer to discuss my issue.After waiting on hold, the operator came back on, stating that there is something wrong with the circuit board in my unit. And since I'm not the original owner, I CANNOT GET A REPLACEMENT--the warranty doesn't apply to me.Please note that the manufacture date printed on the inside of my unit is from September 2017. Kwikset WILL NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCT that is less than 9 months old. I could understand if more than a year has passed, but not 9 months.I know I am not the original owner of the unit, but I did technically buy it as part of the new house. Kwikset had a perfect opportunity to satisfy a new customer, but blew it.Kwikset's reaction is a loud and clear statement to how they back their products. I'm too cautious to buy any Kwikset product in the future, seeing this lack of service. They can't fool me twice.I will be replacing it with a Schlage product (they make stronger locks, anyway).
Recommend! Can be a little finicky sometimes, but 90% of the time, works like a charm!
Unreliable, Need more develop. There’s better products for the same price.  Unreliable, Almost every time I need to tap the lick twice to work, One day I got trapped outside in a Houston summer with my Wife and Baby.
Did not work for us. The lock worked flawlessly at first, and it was incredibly convenient. Over time the calibration would drift to the point where you would have to hold your phone or key fob right in front of the unit to unlock it. I re-calibrated it several times, but each time was only a temporary fix. We now have a keypad deadbolt, which is nearly as convenient and much more reliable.
Great looking, elegant lock Great looking, elegant lock, yet cannot reliably open and close doors, which defeats the purpose of the door.I have a new iPhone X and yet, about 1 out of 3 times that I attempt to use the lock it either won’t lock the door, or won’t open it. The ring spins, takes a while and then does nothing. If you get this, I recommend having either a second password lock or hiding a key somewhere, because you’ll need it often. Also, when it works it takes a while, so it’s actually quicker just to reach the key in your pocket and use it.
Flawed from the box I really wanted this to work, but the internal connection piece was either sideways or completely upside down. Therefore you couldn't use the bluetooth function (kept jamming). The key operation was EXTREMELY stiff. I assumed this was just a manufacturer error that happens periodically, so I ordered a second one SAME problem. Won't be trying for a third!
What's worse is the have no online support (chat) so you ... Worked well until the lock stopped being responsive. What's worse is the have no online support (chat) so you must call a 1-800 number and sit on hold for around an hour to get tech help.
Terrible Worked briefly. Constantly disconnects. Unusable. Avoid.
Avoid. This is one of the worst realized smart home devices I've ever experienced. If there's one thing that should work flawlessly, it should be your front door lock. Both the Kevo lock and the Kevo Plus wireless connection are so unreliable, we never know whether it will work or not for both in-person or remote locking/unlocking. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes the app indicates that it's locked when its unlocked, sometimes the reverse. Additionally, the app itself appears to have been designed by engineers who have never actually considered the user, or who have never themselves locked/unlocked a door. Customer service is only available during narrow hours and there's always a long queue. A total waste of money.
This one work MUCH better than the OG model This one work MUCH better than the OG model!!! It still has times when it doesn't do anything when you tap it. But it doesn't just unlock on its own like the OG one used to.
b'Very small range... Absolutely zero range for this device. Premise is much better. K\xc4\x93vo is very slow and doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem ready for market :-('
One Star It is super inconsistent with locking and unlocking when touched. I definitely would not by it again.
This key lock system is great. I have found it works better with an ... This key lock system is great. I have found it works better with an Android phone as opposed to iPhone, but if you don't want to carry a bunch of keys or have company coming over its a great way to give them access to your home through the ekey system.
Not reliable. After multiple conversations I still never know if it’s gonna take 5 seconds or 20mimites to get into my house. I have replaced this product
Works as advertised - very cool Bluetooth to Wifi - unique - but it works.
Five Stars Works great. Adds great functionality to the door lock.
Not great luck with this piece.... Doesn't really line up with the previous door cuttings and therefore, doesn't operate properly. Maybe you'll have better luck.
Expensive deadbolt lock and key. Not a smart lock. This is an expensive lock and key deadbolt. Advertised to me as an electronic smart lock, all I got was a new lock and key deadbolt because the electronic smart lock doesn’t work.I have two options with this product.Option 1: Walk up to the door and use a key, turn and open.Option 2: Walk up to the door, take out my smart phone, open the iPhone app, wait for about 3 seconds for it to sync, touch the lock, touch the lock again, touch the lock again until it recognizes someone is touching it, let the lock think, get rejected by the lock, use the key that came with the lock.I’m curious how to get a class action suit for false advertising. There’s a video on the Kwikset website that shows how the device should work. That video is false.I’ll make a video for them. It will be someone walking up and using the key to get into the house. That’s the only way they’d be telling the truth.Update August. I completely gave up on this product. The touch function has stopped working all together. I’m out here pressing my lock with vigor and nothing happens. I just use the key. The lock and key deadbolt is the only thing that ever worked.Reached out to Kwikset twice. Never a response.
Works every time if you follow instructions! The low ratings are from people who can’t follow directions. The touchless feature will not work if you don’t have the app “always on” for location services. Otherwise, the app has no way to know you’re by the lock until you launch it again, which takes a minute to connect.No issues here. We can use a key, or the app, or the tap. Works every time if you follow directions.
Fantastic Product once upgraded to latest firmware (v1.2.13). Fantastic product - we use it around 8 times a day flawlessly on our front door. It is really hard to set up though.While installing, I spent a few hours trying to get a reliable connection to this lock, to enable 100% reliability. The range was not good, the bluetooth app on my Android phone couldn't stay connected, and I was really about to throw this thing out the window.I figured that the Kevo 2nd gen lock needed an upgrade (app was telling me), however app on my Samsung Note 8 (Android 8.0) wouldn't start the upgrade process without timing out.I then used my Samsung Tablet (Android 5 or 6), and the upgrade worked first time. Once the lock was upgraded, the app on my Note 8 works perfectly, ekeys work perfectly, and the bluetooth range is awesome. (I received the lock with firmware 1.16ish, now its at v1.2.13).Once criticism is around the key fobs. The range on these is poor, I have to hold the key fob within 10cm of the lock of it to work 100% of the time. Whereas my phone can be in my bag or pocket, and it always works. I haven't yet replaced the batteries in the fobs, however these are brand new so I would be surprised if this was the case.Overall, definitely recommend - however you do need some technical know how to preform the upgrade if using the latest phone available.
There is a learning curve, but then it works well. To be fair, at first I wasn't sure I liked this lock. Eventually I realized the problems I had were my Kevo gateway was not in a good location, I had to have the app OPEN on my mobile phone, and when the batteries are getting low it doesn't work reliably. I like the feature that makes sure your mobile app is OUTSIDE the lock - it checks the location, so you aren't sitting inside and a stranger walks up and unlocks the door with a touch.Smart Home: Digital Assistants, Home Automation, and the Internet of Things
If it’s not working call Kevo. Unsafe!!!I’ve had this 2nd gen for 9 months and love the convenience of it (when it works)! Often it will not open and I have to close the app and reopen it to get it to work. While this is a pain it’s not my issue with the lock nor is the fact in 9 months I’m on my 3rd set of batteries and alway use new Enegizer or Duracel.My issue is that it does not know inside from outside. I recently left something outside and as I was pulling away I stopped walked back to the house grabbed it and tapped the lock! Boom it unlocked! But wait, my phone was 300ft away in my car. Out only other phone connect was inside in the kitchen. When we returned we recalabrated both phone and it’s important to know you have to cycle the lock 10 times and one cycle is a full lock then unlock, door closed, phone in your pocket (other phone off).Both phones recalibrated we left one in the kitchen, turned the other phone off. One of us went outside with no phone the other locked the door manually,phone still in the kitchen. Tap the lock and it’s unlocked!!! We moved the phone to the bedroom and repeated that and again it unlocked. So if we were sleeping anyone could tap the lock at 2am and walk in!Totally not safe, not secure and very frustrated because how long was it doing this?I have tried to contact Kevo nothing! $250 of junk and now we have to go buy a regular deadbolt. Kevo only lets you email them no phone number.Update: Kevo does have and 800 number, not easy to find but after 25 minutes in que the rep was extremely helpful. He asked valid questions, asked what we did to make sure both phones were resynced. I explained even after it still unlocked with no phone outside. He assured me that should not happen ever. He looked at our Kevo account and then offered to replace it free and said the engineers he spoke to while trying to trouble shoot wanted outbold lock so that could examine if to see what’s not working. Honestly one of my best experience with any customer service department ever.
A little fussy and a lot pricey and there may be some quality control issues but it does work. I have purchased two of the 2nd generation Kevo locks. I looked at other electronic locks but I didn't want to have to replace all of the locks in the house so I stayed with Kwikset. The first Kevo I bought works reasonably well, though it can be fussy and slow at locking/unlocking the door. It also beeps every time the door is locked/unlocked and that gets the dogs going. It worked well enough I decided to replace a second lock. The second Kevo was DOA. Kwikset is going to replace that but their warranty replacement service is slow and wait times for phone support are unreasonably long. I'd have been better off returning it to Amazon as defective and getting the replacement that way.Mine generally does not work unless the iOS app is open in the background. It does not have to be open on the screen and the app does not appear to use a lot of juice so I just leave it running. I have not tried using the key fob or the hub that enables integration with Alexa et cetera.
Happy with purchase Love the technology to help manage my home.
App crashe most of the time and the Bluetooth connection fails most of the time. Having a lots of issue with this. Don’t work most of the time. Sometime have to wait 5-10min and constantly have to exit app and reload.
b'App does not scan Bluetooth. If I can give this product a negative star I would love to. The app Bluetooth does not automatically scan for the K\xc4\x93vo. You have to pull your phone out Tao on the app and wait for it scan the device for 2 minutes then tap on the unlock to open the door. That totally defeats the purpose of convenience. Kevo is luck I am a busy person and don\xe2\x80\x99t have time to return this worthless product back.'
THIS IS NOT A GRADE 1 LOCK = LESS SECURITY This is a Grade 2 lock offering LOWER security than their non-smart version. You DEFINITELY want a Grade 1 lock!!!
Not Quite There Yet I would really love to be able to love this product! It does many things right, but isn't quite there yet. Bottom line for my family is that only I, the family geek, will use it. For others it is too unreliable - see 3 below.Here are some comments I send to Kwikset.1. Lock works poorly with rechargeable batteries; indicated they need to be replaced even when fully charged. I suspect this is due to the lower fully charged voltage of rechargeable batteries. This is a real inconvenience since the non-rechargeable batteries shipped with the unit only lasted three weeks.2. Given the frequency of battery replacement needs, it is silly the the entire shroud must be removed to replace the batteries. Batteries should be replaceable by lifting sliding plastic cover.3. Your iPhone app hangs and/or crashes too frequently while running in the background. I would say the unlock function only works 80-90% of the time first try. This is a pretty poor record. I a running in iPhone X with the most current version of iOS. Hope this gets fixed with future app updates. I may have to try a fob, just to see if it is more reliable.
Poor Bluetooth connection Very poor Bluetooth connection. I’ve had to calibrate this lock over and over. Biggest reason why I got this lock was for my wife with her hands full with backpacks and kids, she wouldn’t have to dig for her keys. Works maybe 1 in 10tries. By the 5 try, I’ve already had to open my phone app, and manually checking if it’s connecting... nope. At the end of it all, I’m stuck with a $200 deadbolt. Wish the company that I purchased this from could make this better, as of this point I don’t want a electronic lock anymore.
The hardware is really nice, it's roughly the same size as the competitors I had the first generation of the Kevo as well, and was hoping for a big improvement. The first one was buggy and had lots of software issues (plus them wanting to charge for software keys..). This one, is an improvement, but now with more competitors out there it's harder to swallow.The hardware is really nice, it's roughly the same size as the competitors, it looks nice, and you can get physical fobs/keys to work with it as well (which other locks just rely on the phone).That said, the software is still kind of a mess, its inconsistent, has loading/pairing issues, and it's just annoying enough that I don't want to deal with it.
Does not work MOST of the time I had high hopes for this smart lock especially being a huge fan of the Kwikset brand. After several months of usage, I have come to learn that it does not operate as quickly as I had hoped. It is marketed to unlock seconds after simply touching it. While it does just that.. SOMETIMES. Most times I stand there watching the blue light spin for what feels like an eternity. Long enough for me to dig my physical keys out of my pocket and unlock it manually myself.There are also many times when I would tap and it would do nothing at all, as if it did not sense anything. Do yourself a favor and stick with the PIN code entry locks instead.
Apparent software glitch - draining batteries every few days. Lock has been problematic - requires a complete battery replacement every 5-days. Exterior LED lights do not function. I upgraded from a Gen 1 lock (I had no issues with it) - I decided to upgrade to get integration with Amazon Alexa and added the KEVO plus -- the lock functions well - simple installation -- just constant battery replacement and non-functioning LED indicator lights. Customer service has been non-responsive to all email inquiries. I will attempt to talk to customer service directly. There is a notification on the KEVO site that says there is an issue: "Battery error with APP Update" - unfortunately it isn't just an error message -- the lock ceases to function unless batteries are replaced every five days with very minimal use (I use the lock less than once a day). I use an iPhone 7, running IOS 11.3.1 - yes KEVO software is fully updated. I even tried to re-install the lock, resetting all to factory settings and updating all software again. Issue remains. And due to the the design, you are required to remove three (3) small screws each time you need to replace batteries -- which is every 5-days.
Just as advertised This item works perfectly. No hassles, easy setup, and it does everything I need it too. I feel a lot better knowing I can lock my door from anywhere.
The worst product I ever bought Not responding. It never works. The worst product I ever bought. Its a waste of money the company was not ready to launch this.
#Frustrated #Fail Most of the time, while standing at the front door, I have to open my iPhone, close the app, reopen the app, then try the door. That’s the only way it works. I’ve deleted and reinstalled the app, calibrated...all to no avail. I’ve had it installed for two years. My wife has given up and gone back to carrying keys. Don’t buy this. I’m finally giving up, and looking for a new smart lock.
Seems like such a simple and great idea ZERO STARS!!! Seems like such a simple and great idea, walk up to house touch and you’re in right...WRONG!!!! Just spent 45 min outside touching and touching and touching NOTHING....had to wait for wife to arrive with actual key. (Yess I checked Bluetooth, yes I had the app open, yes firmware was up to date went thru all that with customer service) Do not buy this POS. You WILL regret spending the money.
This hasn’t settled in yet for me but I definitely ... This hasn’t settled in yet for me but I definitely think that you guys should make it so that you can access the app with a fingerprint or code,it hasn’t recognized my phone upon the door approach yet so I have to result to the fob
Are you frequently fumbling for your keys while carrying stuff? Do you currently have a Kwikset? If you currently have a kwikset, don't want to change keys, and are looking for a convenient way to open your lock, this is an awesome toy! Installation was pretty simple (evening/after work project.) The main drawback seems to be locating a matching handle (most seem to be sold in sets.)
Terrible. App never connects and has to be restarted ... Terrible. App never connects and has to be restarted over and over to connect. First lock I purchased would kill fresh batteries every 3-4 days. Kwikset sent a new one and it sort of works. Stick with a key lock until another company figures this tech out.
Works well but can be flakey The Kevo approach seems to be more secure than most but the software is flakey. A lot of times I need to reopen the app on my phone. It works about 50% of the time even with the key fob I bought for running. The software is bad and needs a lot of work. it all does work, but it doesn't work as well as you would want it to work. If you want a smart lock it's the best according to various review sites and it does work well but not as well as I wish it would. I also wish it worked with my Apple Watch when using the Kevo Plus add on.
Useless Beware this only works with a very limited number of phones, which totally nullified the purpose of the key less features... I bought it to be able to give access to guests, but I couldn't even get my phone to work with it. Badly designed software and very bad implementation of Bluetooth protocols. The phone sees Kevo, but Kevo cannot see the phone, so I don't think the phone is the culprit. I returned the product after wasting two hours trying to make it work.
Best solution, but not good. Lack of SmartThings integration makes this less than desirable, but the only way to get the Kevo locks online.
This lock is the absolute worst! The idea is great but it does not ... This lock is the absolute worst! The idea is great but it does not work!! Do not waste your money or time with this!
Five Stars Great product. Arrived on time and works just fine.
Overpriced Junk It rarely works, even with the software updates that they claim 'fix' everything. Incredibly frustrating.
Original batteries died after 6 weeks But the worst aspect is Kwikset's customer support Failed after two months. Original batteries died after 6 weeksBut the worst aspect is Kwikset's customer support. They have not responded to my pleas for help.This is an expensive waste of time and moneyDon't give up on smart locks, just try another brand
seems like a crap shoot if it will work Had this for about 8 months now. I should have listened to the other reviews. 50% of the time Bluetooth does not work. We have 4 iPhones one iPhone and three iPhone 8s. seems like a crap shoot if it will work. Touch the lock blue spinner. nothing. Open my phone make sure app is opened. Close the app relaunch works. Some reason this will not auto connect 100% of the time. I also notice if I start my vehicle my phone connects to the Bluetooth there and now the comms with the lock are gone. Tech is not ready.
This product does not function as advertised Normally I believe that Kwikset locks are the best around. Unfortunately this is a product that seems like a good idea, but in reality, isn't. Why? In my case there were both product item issues, and product design issues. Product Item issues: 1) Immediately after installation the product required a software update. I performed the steps required (involved being close to the lock and my iphone), but the update never started, indicated 0% progress, and eventually timed out. I googled the issue, and found a solution at the mfgr website, but solution didn't work. 2) add an admin ekey required the product to send an email to my spouse. The email was never sent, and it wouldn't let me try again without backing out of the whole process. I eventually got an email to her, after substantial pain and steps. Product Design Issues: 1) When the motor which drives the deadbolt into the jam experiences any back pressure it reports a "jam" condition to the app, so you never know if the door is locked or not. We have all experienced this resistance when locking manually. you naturally pull or push/pull the door against the insulation slightly to relieve the pressure, and the door locks. 2) can you be sure that all the contractors/service people who need access will have a iphone? Android is only marginally supported. Did you know that all of the people who want to use the Kevo feature have to download an app and register themselves (you know, user name, password, a bunch of security questions, and their phone number) before they can gain access. I'd return this boat anchor if I could, but I waited too long and now I'm stuck with it.
looses fob calibration Seems to loose connection/calibration to the FOB over time,
Five Stars Great easy access great idea
An expensive way to make a lock unreliable. Got it with the bridge. Works about 1/4 of the time. Likes to lock itself after you’ve opened the door. So then when your kids slam the door shut it just smashes your door jamb. Doesn’t work when you need it to open. Unlocks itself after you manually lock the door. Beeps and has errors incessantly.I love technology and wanted this to work. Well, it’s better than the Schlage that only lasted a month.
Does not work as Advertised. Keeps losing Bluetooth connection ... Does not work as Advertised. Keeps losing Bluetooth connection and the app is also user-friendly.
Not easy Very difficult to set up remote access. Instructions are not helpful and I am still trying to get help from tech specialist online.
Four Stars good product
Warning - Security Risk: A very dumb lock with a *fatal flaw*. I really wanted this lock to work for me but it is too problematic. The biggest problem is that you cannot depend upon it to actually lock your door.When locking, the unit uses "dead reckoning" to decide when it locks. That is, it waits about ~40 seconds after you unlock it, then it locks. What's wrong with that? Well, the lock doesn't actually know that your door is closed, it just extends the deadbolt. (August fixed this with their newer gen locks, btw.) Then it reports a status of "Locked" to its app.But if the person leaving didn't actually close the door, the door is just sitting there with its deadbolt stuck into the air. The door is *not* locked, as the app status indicates. When the app tells you the door is "Locked" you can't believe it's true. And this lock has *no* way of sensing that your door is closed so that it could wait until then before extending the dead bolt. That's why it uses "dead reckoning". And as it applies to this lock you understand why the word "dead" is in that phrase. That is incredibly *dumb*. I mean, isn't this supposed to be a *smart* lock? This makes it a safety risk. You can't rely on your door actually being locked when the app says so. I'm talking about the 2nd Gen version of this lock. Even the second time around they couldn't figure out that a door has to be closed before it should try to lock it?? So if you have a kid or someone whom you cannot rely on to be sure to positively close your door, you could be unknowingly left with an unlocked door. But this is supposed to be a "smart" lock. You shouldn't have to rely on people to do the job correctly, the lock is supposed to be smart and make sure the job gets done, right? A truly smart lock should be able to tell you, "Hey, the door couldn't be locked." It shouldn't mislead you with false positives. FAIL.What about having an automatic door closer on your door? Glad you asked, because that's exactly what I have. Automatic door closers can get stuck. With a change in the weather it may not close in the allotted 40 seconds before the dead bolt extends. Or something could block the door from closing completely - a rug could bunch. All kinds of things could happen. What about the touted features of having the convenience of being able to unlock the door from remote or give out eKeys to let the delivery person/dog walker/etc in? They could forget to pull the door completely closed - this lock has no way of knowing that the door is ajar, and it will blithely tell you via the app that the door is "locked". Now imagine that you get home later that day to find that because your door has been left open, your place has been ransacked or your pet has run away!Others have written about the incompatibility issues with the phone software. I can confirm this. I've had to give out dongles to those whose phones won't work with the lock. The lock provides logs to show you who has unlocked the lock with an ekey to enter your premises. The problem with the dongles is that the lock does not report when a person uses one - no log entry. You can't associate a particular dongle with a specific person. So if you need to keep tabs on who is entering a space and need to give someone a dongle, forget about knowing when a person comes into the space. Even with the ekeys, the logs often don't show an entry for a person unlocking the lock - it's simply missing.The other thing is that the number of dongles you can use with a lock is limited to 8. Need more? Forget about it, you can't, Kevo doesn't support it. What if someone loses a dongle or you want to selectively disable a dongle. You can't. You have to reset your lock. But this deletes *all* dongles and ekeys from your lock. You then have to reissue all your ekeys and dongles to your people. Talk about inconvenient.Speaking of inconvenient, let's talk scheduling. One of the touted features of smart locks is the ability to give persons selective access to the lock. But the Kevo scheduling is very limited. It can be for any specific day, but not for different times. So if you want to provide the cleaning person access on Monday, between 7-9am, and on Friday between 3-6pm, you can't. You can only provide selective day access at the exact same time period. EG: Monday 7-9 and Friday 7-9, but 7-9 is all you get. Only the same time schedule for different days. You also can't provide two different access times for an a given day. Say you want the dog walker to be able to come in Monday betw 7-9am and also 3-6pm. Can't do it. You can't do two schedule periods on the same day. You would have to provide access for the total span, 7am-6pm. Dongles can't be scheduled at all. They are always 24x7.Oh yea, my unit died early on. It had to be completely swapped out under warranty. This did not inspire confidence. And the batteries died without the lock giving me any forewarning. If I hadn't had my physical key I would have been locked out.I will be replacing this lock.
Overall a good experience I've had this lock for nearly a year. On an Android phone, there is a key icon in the upper left of the display showing you that it's running. You don't get that on an iPhone. The Kevo app needs to be running in the background on your smartphone in order to unlock the lock. In the beginning, their software had more bugs, but they've improved it, and it's gotten more reliable. While hold time was a little long with tech support, they did manage to fix any trouble shooting issues that I had. The lock has worked well for my family and I. The problem I have is that the Kevo app has not always been consistent (it's gotten better over time). The app tends to unlock and lock the door better with an Android phone (which my wife uses), than an iPhone (which I use). On an iPhone you have to make sure that the app is running in the background, so that it will work. However, even when the app is running in the background, I find that the lock will not lock or unlock when I touch it, as it is supposed to. Many times, I've had to take out my phone, open the Kevo app, and then lock or unlock the door lock via the app over WiFi. I always update my phone and apps, and I use a high-end & high-speed Mesh WiFi network. The lock's app software lacks consistency, as sometimes it will work with the phone in your pocket, and other times, I have to retrieve the phone from my pocket, and lock or unlock the door over WiFi using the app. I forgot to mention that I have the Kevo Plus accessory, that allows for control over WiFi and cellular via the smart phone. Tech support had me reset the lock, and lock and unlock the lock 10 times with my phone over Bluetooth, so that the lock would pair "better" with my phone. That seemed to help the consistency of using the Kevo app, but still not 100%.
Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. I'm never quite sure when its going to work. But at least the color of the light clearly indicates whether it is locking or unlocking. It does look nice and was easy to install.
Which the device and the app works better together initial installation Which the device and the app works better together initial installation. Initial setup was rather slow. Once it's connected after 5 minutes messing around with the Kevo app it works flawlessly after that so far.
but mine was not good with this lock This may not be your experience, but mine was not good with this lock. I purchased it, it was shipped quick, but after I followed all of the instructions to get it installed, it never would pair to my iPhone! I called customer service, stayed on the line for 20 minutes before someone answered, when they found out the model of my lock, I was transferred to another, for another 18 minutes! They never could get the lock setup and eventually the lock stop responding to anything! They offered to replace it, I’ve got to give my credit card to warrant another lock and it will take them 10-14 days to get me a new lock! The hold on my credit card won’t be released until I send the non functioning lock back in and they determine that I didn’t do something to mess it up! I won’t buy another one!
Terrible lock. Batteries die in 5 hours This lock is terrible. We have had it less than a year and it eats batteries like crazy. We have to change the batteries twice a day or the lock will die. It's completely useless to us now as a smart lock.
Not recommended Giant piece of junk. Worked for a day and then had issue after issue. Batteries died after a week, tried replacing twice. Instructions on the web are terrible. Could not be more disappointed in this product.
Stopped working a couple months after installing. Changed batteries ... Stopped working a couple months after installing. Changed batteries and it still didn’t work. Called manufacturer and they told me to change to Duracell batteries which still didn’t help. I called again and left two voicemails due to high call volume. I gave up and use the key. Bummer since it was very expensive.
Get ready for a close personal relationship with you door! I was tempted to give it one star because I really only read the one-star reviews. While I hate the fact that like every piece of modern technology version 3 & 4 were probably in development when this one was introduced, I like it... when it works which is 9 out of 10 times. Better results seem to be had if I'm almost humping my front door which I'd prefer to have to do than have it work when my phone is 30 feet away in the closed garage( on the outside of the lock) under a car too far away to hear the person helping themselves to whatever they fancy. Unlike most, I don't expect perfect technology (I still remember the first Terminator movie) so a glitch here or there is not a show stopper but I think the manufacturer should be working to fix the range issues. Finally, there is the ridiculous kevo plus. ridiculous because I shouldn't have to spend another $100 to get remote access when I can open my older Kwikset with my hub. All in all, humping and loving my door notwithstanding, the concept is great and I am looking forward to not having to replace the batteries in my August keypad every month or two.
not reliable. needs new software Easy to install but simply not yet reliable. Sometimes, I just can't get the app to connect to the lock. I have four of these locks. There is no predictable reason for why it does not work sometimes. Extremely frustrating. The system for sharing keys is very flexible and easy to use, but they need to work on the lock.My guess is that they need to rewrite the app and simplify the handshake between the app and the lock. The way it works now, the app has to connect with the lock so it can show locked or unlocked status. 99.99% of the time, this is pointless, as you are actually located at the locked door and just want to get in. Why does the phone have to "know" if the door is locked?? Instead it should just let you send a lock or unlock signal to the device. Two-way communication could be reserved for when (if) you connect to the lock remotely over the web. Stupidly over-complicated software that fails too often. So unnecessary. They could easily have programmed it to make it work like a car lock keyfob. One button for lock. One for unlock. KEVO- if you are reading this, for gods sake just rewrite for simplicity and reliability.
One Star Faulty with no response from Kevo
Four Stars Perfect and necessary addition to KIVO lock. Enjoy the convenience of being able to operate my lock remotely.
A (sick) mind of its own We've been putting up with two of these for more than a year now. This lock isn't just unreliable--it's evil. Both of ours worked flawlessly for the first 6-8 weeks, then became unreliable. Most often, they fail to connect to the Smartphone, even though the app is running in background. It will lock itself for no reason, or unlock at random. We've re-installed and re-calibrated many times. Sometimes, with the app open on my smartphone, almost touching the lock , the app reports no connection. Then walking away 30 secs later, I'll hear it unlock when I'm all the way across the yard. Battery life is pathetic. I'm buying more AA batteries for these locks than I did for my kids' toys.My advice: Don't bother with Kevo customer support--try calling an exorcist instead.
Kwikset knows this product is a real dud When I have a customer service issue, I try to contact the manufacturer first before posting a review. This is the first major manufacturer that did not even respond to my complaint, abridged below. I think Kwikset knows this product is a real dud but is pushing through anyway, which is very disappointing.When I first purchased it as a Christmas gift at the end of 2016, it was great. The install was seamless, and the reliability was very high. Then, seemingly related to iOS updates that changed the Bluetooth protocol, everything started breaking down, and Kevo became increasingly less dependable. Over the past year, we basically gave up on using the touch function completely and went back to using the key. At $200 per unit, this is an extraordinarily expensive deadbolt.I have carefully calibrated, re-calibrated, reset and reinstalled completely, many, many times. Sometimes it's better for a while, but then it stops connecting until I reset again. I do not need further technical instruction as I have spent hours of time researching and attempting to correct this issue. I am amazed that Kwikset is continuing to sell this product, especially as I see the negative reviews with the same issues popping up regularly. This is a real disservice to Kwikset customers who were willing to invest more in hope of enjoying a smart product that delivers on its promise.Regardless of whether this is Apple or Bluetooth, or whatever is responsible for the destabilization of Kevo, I think it’s Kwikset’s responsibility to recall and refund a product that is not working. For now we continue to mostly use standard keys, and my family is frustrated. When we do switch to a keypad or other lock in the future, Kwikset has lost our business completely.
Kevo is a must have The concept of "touch to lock, touch to open" was very intriguing to me. My wife often struggles to find her keys so our front door is usually unlocked. We have been lucky so far. I researched the Kevo system quite thoroughly and saw a product with as many 1 stars as 5 stars. Hardly anyone sorta likes it. Trusting Amazon, I bought the Gen 2 version and a fob.Holy Cow! I love Kevo. I am by no means a handyman and it still only took me 20 minutes or so to install, activate, and use the lock. My wife has the fob in her purse and even at arms length the door unlocks every time. I use my iPhone as my key and even with the phone in sleep mode, in my back pocket, the lock opens. Maybe I'm one of the lucky ones but I think Kevo Gen 2 is terrific!
Touch works only sometimes! It’s easy to install, the interactive instructions are great. I’ve noticed that half the time I have to have my phone unlocked and the app open the the touch to work. This may be a software issue and I hope they get it fixed soon. I’m a disappointed customer right now.
Good but not perfect. Blends into the standard Decor. Was a little hard to figure out some instructions but overall it is a good product. Sometimes after being away you have to go back into the app to get the connection going again
Not reliable Plus:The idea is great; and the blue light is refreshing.Minus: The execution is almost absent. My Kevo lock worked only for about a week. Kevo Plus never worked.
It's pretty cool. I love new technology It's pretty cool. I love new technology. It is so fun with the light up lights and not having to fumble for a key in your purse. One downside is it does take about one full minute for it to connect each time so you have to stand there while the internet and Bluetooth connect. Maybe it's just my personal internet connection. Might be faster elsewhere. So...I live in a safe neighborhood, but if you live in a dangerous area, just take note. Unless, like I said it's just my cell and internet connection.
Get the numeric keypad like I wish I did Working with KwikSet Customer Service Dept as of 3/29/18. We installed 12/2017. Neat concept but faulty and cumbersome. Kevo locks me out routinely, even if my phone is not in my pocket. App drains your phone battery, since it has to be open for you to unlock the door. Get the numeric keypad like I wish I did. Stay away from this product. KwikSet has an entire customer service dept set up to handle complaints about KEVO! Stay away from this.Did I mention stay away?
Easy installation and - most importantly - it works 2nd Generation is the way to go. Easy installation and - most importantly - it works. Highly recommend for those of you fed up with searching frantically for your house key in the rain whilst holding two bags of groceries.
all you need is your smart phone. Got the 2nd gen & it's awsome! Also got the key fob, but don't bother, all you need is your smart phone.
Terrible product. We installed it & it would never ... Terrible product. We installed it & it would never lock. It acted like it would never engage the bolt.
Convenient mostly I really want to love this product but there is often a lag when opening with my phone. We also have a key fob and that works better. I suggest getting a fob rather than relying on your phone for the touch open. I love the smart key feature so all of our locks match. Originally we bought a touchpad from Kwikset but returned two of them because they didn’t really work. This definitely works better and I like not having to pull keys out. I just wish it was a bit more responsive.
P.O.S. I got this about 9 months ago, it worked great for about a month. It just randomly stopped working with the Bluetooth (which now makes it just a really expensive deadbolt) however that deadbolt doesn’t work because the mechanical parts inside are cheep and now it sticks pretty bad to the point. If you want a smart lock try a different company.
10/10 would buy again I love this thing. It's so nice to not have to deal with digging around in my purse for my keys when I come home. It has worked flawlessly since we installed it and calibrated it. I really have to try to hide my phone for it to not work. I am recommending this to anyone who wants a smart house. The upgrade took about 15 minutes; I just set the phone on the doorknob and let it do it's thing while I did something else. I assume the upgrade fixed a lot of communication issues because I have not had any of the problems other people are talking about.Will update if I start having regular issues.
Five Stars It works..... You can unlock your door from anywhere.
This locks is extremely convenient! We love it. My wife and I love this lock! I am only giving it 4 stars due to the crappy install and sales instructions. They tell you it will work with amazon echo, and it does, but you first must buy the additional Kevo Plus product for $99.00. I do not like Bait-n-switch tactics. As far as the function and quality go though this is an excellent purchase. Be aware that I have installed doors and hardware for a living for many years so this may be a 4 star difficulty install if you do not have door hardware experience and are not very handy. Now when our Kids or their kids come over and are locked out we can unlock the door from anywhere, even while driving down the road.
Can be hard to setup but is worth the effort. Can be difficult to setup but once you understand how it works it does as advertised. One Kevo plus covers my whole house and I get the most necessary automation through Alexa. I would give it five stars if it supported IFTTT actions but some brain-dead Roger-ranger inside their organizations feels that is somehow more of a risk than you using that account with your Kevo plus. Their supporting documentation also is not great, particularly in regards to Android Wear.Looking at it you wouldn't know it's anything except a regular deadbolt lock and is way more appealing than the number-pad integrated locks IMO. Kevo Plus works great. Now if the can get the IFTTT stuff right and better setup documents they'd have a winner.
reliability how can i get refund asap this is trash you touch the lock by mistake you are locked out even your phone is inside so always need keys on you all the timet if you have kids smh .... always out of signal etc etc i spend 229 plus 100 for kevo plus i want my money back hell no what a joke any lock better then this be aware do not buy !!!!
b'Love it So nice not to have to use keys to get inside . Easy to install and use . To send a key to someone requires them to install K\xc4\x93vo app but it\xe2\x80\x99s not that bad . I\xe2\x80\x99m buying more of these for my house .'
very easy to install Was easy to install and I love it. I can ope the door for the maid anywhere in the world.
So smart it's stupid. Today I ordered a replacement for this lock. Unfortunately while using one's mobile device as a house key sounds great in theory, it is a constant frustration as implemented by this lock. For one, while all my devices pick up the Kevo signal throughout the house, you often have to take your phone out of your pocket and hold it next to the lock waiting in the rain for it to connect. Worse, the lock has an "auto lock" feature that tends to eject the bolt WHILE I'm trying to close the door, causing it to slam against the jam. Then you have to reach in, retract it, and try again. If I'm going in and out and DO NOT want the door to lock on me, I have to leave my phone well inside or it will keep locking on me. Well you get the idea. It's just too stupidly smart. Going back to a good old keypad entry lock. Maybe someday we'll all be using keyless, buttonless entry, but it'll be a while yet for us.
Great product. This is great. I can unlock the door from anywhere now.
Not ready for real life use yet I bought this from the large home improvement depot and paid a little more than is showing here.Nothing but trouble. If you are thinking of buying this check to make sure your phone is supported. My (or any) LG phone is not yet supported. So I thought I would install it on my work Iphone. Still nothing but trouble. Had to disassemble 2 times. Got it to work but the light around the key hole did not work. Called support (option call me back without losing place in line is nice) On the first call when I told them the light ring was not functioning they suggested I disassemble later and make sure cord was not crimped. So I did - it wasn't, still didn't fully function. Then it started to lose blue tooth connection. I would have to stand in front of door for 5 minutes to get the blue tooth connection. Called back and they said the antenna in lock must be damage - good news under warranty they would send a replacement. Bad new they would place a charge on my card which would be canceled when I sent the defective unit. ???? I was not happy with that - let them know it. Their solution was they would send me a dead bold which I could install, send the defective unit back, wait a couple days to get a replacement, un-install the dead bolt reinstall the Kevo, send back the dead bolt......I told them if I had to take it off without the replacement in hand I was returning it to HD - which is what I didAll in all a cool idea that is not yet ready for real life use..... Maybe in a couple of years I'll try again
Doesn’t work half the time . You can get so much more for your money. I wish I never bought his thing & spoke up sooner or returned it. Half the time it doesn’t work. Batteries die fast, it jams up and turns red ex .Don’t buy this lock .!
Wish it worked EVERY time. Love it when it works but we have been having problems with one of ours not being able to communicate with our phones. Then you have to clear it and when you do that it erases everyone you want to have access a key again. Not a huge deal but could be if someone showed up that didnt have a actual physical key and the thing wouldn't work. I have came home to people waiting in the driveway because they could not get it to work. If it would work all the time i would give it 10 stars because its super nice when it does work.
b'Awesome Lock but we need an outdoor version. My family is really liking the K\xc4\x92VO 2nd Generation lock. This is the only reliable lock that I could find that allows the use of a fob. I highly recommend that purchasers of the K\xc4\x93vo lock also purchase a fob for each family member. This allows you to open the door simply by touching the lock, you don\xe2\x80\x99t need to turn on your phone or have WiFi. I wish that Kwikset would make this same lock with an outdoor use option as the only key that I need to carry with me now is our gate key.'
Mediocre. Very mediocre product. Works, but not sensitive enough to detect all touches. Also, you have to keep the app open in the background on your phone, which isn't super convenient. Also, if you lock it, you have to wait for about 10 seconds for it to be able to unlock it again. Looks slick, without being too obtrusive, but not as polished as I would expect a "key replacement" to be.
Four Stars Very nice, but I wish it was wireless instead of Bluetooth.
Unreliable Did not work well at all even standing directly in front of it.
... far this digital lock is working perfectly and I love it. I found using the Smart Key feature ... So far this digital lock is working perfectly and I love it. I found using the Smart Key feature easy to rekey the lock.
Four Stars Consumes batteries quickly
Works 1 of 10 attempts. You end up Standing ... Works 1 of 10 attempts. You end up Standing at the front door tapping it repeatedly, it’s quicker and easier to just use the key. I have recalibrate the lock multiple times with no success. Even when I take the phone out of my pocket no luck.I’m going to keep the lock unfortunately as I have already replaced all the door handlesand other locks in my house to match this locks color.All these 5 star reviews must be paid adds. I have had this product for a week and it doesn’t work at all. Extremely unreliable.
It's great for getting to know the outside of your door better..... You'll be there a lot. I purchased this through a retail vendor as time was an issue... wish I had read these reviews first. This product is right near the top with the worst things I have every purchased. It simply does not work with any consistency. It installed fine, no issues and was the high water mark of the experience. When it does work (maybe 30%) of the time, you love it instantly...then it won't work..over and over again. then it will, maybe twice...and you tell yourself I'll keep it because it is cool... but it's a lie. You're going to stand there like an idiot pressing the lock, watching the little blue circle......hoping it will turn green, like a Pavlovian dog for a treat. But there is no treat... just you tapping a piece of metal 3-5 times for a min before you just take your key out of your pocket and grumble about it.I replaced it with the Schlage connect... no issues and works great... Not quite as "cool" since it uses codes. But still has an app that tells me activities..and cooler than standing there tapping a lock in the dark.
Hit or miss Too pricey. Works when WiFi works
Doesn't work...you'd be better off with a standard lock than pay for this Doesn't work and the top of the device was loose.
Very Good key The Kevo app is an app that allows you to open your door that is paired to your Kevo device which replaces conventional keys. This can be very useful if you don’t really like having a giant keychain then owning a Kevo device is the way to go. This could be a problem for those of you who don't like to carry unnecessary weight to carry around. The main thing that is needed for the Kevo app to work is a Kevo which is a type of lock that can be put on the door. The Kevo app is reliable most of the time and most of the times that you go to open your door it will unlock. Kevo at times is not as reliable as you want it to be. Sometimes the connection of the app doesn't catch which won’t open the door. This can lead to you needing to use that actual key to open your door to get into your house. Another potential drawback to the app is that you will have a notification on your phone that the Kevo is active which may get annoying to people that don’t like to see notifications. Creating an account is a very simple process and you can send your key to other family members or friends that have the app. The user interface for the Kevo app is simple and shows you the keys that you have and a button at the top that gives you the usual commodities like settings and help. At the bottom of the screen there is a plus sign that allows you to setup your Kevo to the app. If people coming into your house with the Kevo is not something you want you can set a curfew on the app which disables activity during those hours. Though the Kevo app may not be as reliable at times it is a great commodity to have when owning the Kevo lock.
b'Works as it should! Love this lock. It works like it\xe2\x80\x99s suppose to as far as locking & unlocking. Very easy to install. I chose to install with the built-in mini movie few because it showed u how to do each step. Just easier. I also bought the K\xc4\x93vo plus connected hub. However, it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t log each & everytime the lock is locked / unlocked. No biggie to me tho as their is only 2 people who live here. Other then that, I am very happy. It\xe2\x80\x99s nice wen ur all snuggled in bed & checking to see if your door is locked is at your fingertips. ????????'
b"We have an old door so fitting wasn\xe2\x80\x99t standard but the setup was easy enough. The biggest problem is that my app ... K\xc4\x93vo has a lot of potential. We have an old door so fitting wasn\xe2\x80\x99t standard but the setup was easy enough. The biggest problem is that my app unloads itself and I have to reload it when I want to lock the door. Then it takes time to connect by Bluetooth. I\xe2\x80\x99ve now got used to unlocking the door from th car on my phone before I load up with bags. Then it\xe2\x80\x99s nice to walk in without having to use a key. It\xe2\x80\x99s good that it locks itself too and beeps if the door isn\xe2\x80\x99t shut. However, if you want to put the door on 'the latch', then you can't unless you change the dipswitch for automatic locking off, which means taking the back off the lock (or having it permanently set to not auto lock). If you don't close the door it will keep trying to close and waste battery."
The touch method does not work, The touch method does not work, they sent out a new one that one does not work… We’re not spending money
Waste of money. This was the most expensive key operated deadbolt lock I have purchased. Operative word being key operated. Why? If you are lucky it locks with the key fob 20% of the time. Then to top it off, because you are tired of messing with it, the devise locks or unlocks because you happened to graze the bezel while using your key.The app is a joke. It works less often than the key fobs.
BT signal is not that strong. Why can't they ... BT signal is not that strong. Why can't they make this wireless instead of having to plug into a router? Not everyone has a router 20ft from the locks.Mine luckily is close enough to connect and work reliably.Don't expect alexa to unlock the doors due to it being a security thing.ALEXA responds to ANYONE who calls her name and I'm sure you don't want someone yelling for alexa to unlock the door...from outside!.. btw she does respond if you set the echo within 6ft of a window.... they resonate quite well and she understands reasonably well.Yeah it sux to have to pay an extra 100 for internet control of your locks.I got convert and the hub together for $200. Only feature lost is touch to open... and that relies soley on BT connections and the NOTE 8 will not connect to kevo with BT so no loss on that feature.
Doesn’t work Awful product, and for the price it’s pitiful. This lock never opens by the touch if someone else is in the house. It’s the weirdest thing. We had to get the fob cos the app on the phone just drains your battery even though it hardly worked anyway. When it works it’s great but you can almost guarantee that if my wife is home, the touch to unlock will not work. So annoying! With the price of the lock and 2 fobs, plus the instal, it’s definitely not worth it at all.
DON’T BUY THIS This is one of the most frustrating things I’ve ever purchased. The lock is extremely slow to unlock, when it works at all. My husband can’t use it without having the app open and even then it’s about a 50% chance of working. Using an actual key is faster.Trying to send keys to our cleaning lady, etc. involves emailing it to them and then they have to download the app and set up a full account. 30 minutes later I’m driving home to let them in because I can’t unlock it remotely either. I want to rip this out of the door and throw it in the street and drive over it with my car. The company offered to replace it under warranty but I would rather go back to a regular lock.
Worst experience. the Bluetooth takes forever to connect if ... Worst experience. the Bluetooth takes forever to connect if it does. cannot rely on it to unlock the door. The time it took to get the BT to connect would have taken 15 times what it would take to get out my key. Should not be on the market.
One Star garbage
The touch feature is worthless When I first got this lock, I loved, loved, loved it! It worked flawlessly and the ease of getting into the house while my hands were full was awesome. I could just leave the app running in the background and touch the lock to get in the house or touch it to lock when I left. Easy peasy. Then something happened with the app. I'm not sure if it was an update with the app or with the iOS system, but then connectivity became really spotty. For awhile, I had to completely delete and reinstall the app to get it to connect. Now, I have to close the app, then reopen the app, then select the lock each time I want to use the app to work the lock. By that time, the touch feature is useless because you already have the phone in your hand, so you just use the phone to work the lock. It really isn't more convenient than using a regular key if your hands are full of groceries.I do like the ability to give keys to other people -- dog sitter, visiting guests, etc. -- and have no worry about a physical key being lost or copied, or having to leave it somewhere to be found for the person to get it or return it.
Set up is simple. Has an interactive app to ... Set up is simple. Has an interactive app to help. Has a simple look on the outside and the app works well. Only downside is that this doesn’t work with Apple HomeKit.
Very convinient. Easy installation. Remplaces perfectly a regular key lock. In my association didnt let me install an smart lock due usually comes with a keyboard but this kevo 99250 is in appearance like the regular one on the outside, so no problem with them. The phone connect via bluetooth with the lock so you dont need to carry the key and the lock unlock only touching it. The phone unlocks but not when it is inside so you don’t have to worry if when your phone is very close to the door by inside anyone can open the door. It lock automatically when you leave after a few seconds. You get a report with the app when the door was opened and by who. The app has an interface with Honeywell and other thermostat so when you arrive at home the temperature can change automatically if you program that
Great product Wife loves the ease of getting in the locked house. Easy to setup. First set of batteries ran went out first day but replacement ones are going strong after Updateing the firmware. Overall I like it very much.
It is incredibly convenient and an awesome lock. Its safe and secure and looks like ... It is incredibly convenient and an awesome lock. Its safe and secure and looks like a normal deadbolt lock.
Cool idea, but wait for the next gen I waited a while to give a review because I really wanted to run it through the paces. The review got delayed further because it spontaneously stopped working. I went through customer support and they determined that it was broken, I sent it back and they sent me a replacement. That one also didn't work. Another round of customer support, another broken device. I sent it back and they sent me a THIRD one. This one more or less works. Here's the highlights:THE GOODThe concept is really cool. When you have arms full of groceries its really nice not to have to fish for keys. Sending virtual keys to people is really handy. My 3 year old loves being able to unlock the door.THE BADResponse can be a little pokey. I would say it works properly about 70% of the time, the rest it needs more taps or sometimes even opening the app, which leads me to.....In order for it to work the Kevo app has to be open in the background of your phone. The problem is that at any moment iOS can kick your app out of memory if it needs it to run other apps. This isn't as much of a problem for me since I have a newish phone with a lot of memory, but my wife has a 6c and the app is constantly getting booted, which means it is almost useless for her. Opening the app and waiting for it to find the lock takes longer than just using the key.Last complaint - this thing rips through batteries. I have to replace them every couple of months. I tried using rechargables but it burned through those in a matter of days. Replacing the batteries requires unscrewing the case which is a bit of a hassle since it happens so frequently.Bottom line is this is a cool new tech, but its not ready for prime time. Wait for them to work out the kinks. If you want a keyless entry I much prefer the Schlage BE365VCAM619 Camelot Keypad Deadbolt. Its cheaper and more reliable.
Beautiful but doesn't work fast enough This is a tremendous idea but poor implementation. I bought the 2nd gen Kevo when it first came out. It works for me about 40% of the time. When it does work, the lag between touching and opening is just too long. I could have opened it twice with a key. Evidently the Bluetooth negotiation between my iPhone 6 and the Kevo is slow. It takes upwards of 7-8 seconds to open, when it opens. Often I have to open the app, wait for it to connect, then open it. Too much trouble. I don't think having the hub would make it work better and I'm not willing to spend $99 to find out. The other issue is battery use. Kwikset claims at least 6 months. I get 3-4 months.The lock is well made and looks nice. Next lock will be a keypad most likely.
worked for the first 4 to 5 weeks then dropped ... worked for the first 4 to 5 weeks then dropped off and we cant get it to work againand we are unable to get any response from there help desk via email
b'K\xc4\x93vo plus connected hub Great product and great service'
Poor form @KwiksetCorp Beware!!! no support in Australia for Kwikset Kevo. If this device fails (and it regularly does) you will need to have your conventional key to open the door. A keyless entry that I must always carry a key is pointless. My lock keep rebooting (cycling yellow lights) and called support and they stated that the only way in was to call a locksmith and drill the lock. In either case, they were not liable as they only support locks in USA and Canada. This is even more worrying as they would not accept liability if say it malfunctioned and opened... According to their support desk they have no authorised distributors or resellers outside of US/Canada and therefore all warranty and liability was void. I pointed out that the app was on itunes Australia would lead to to believe the contrary. Anyone would be mad to buy any of this companies products outside the USA/Canada and especially for something as critical as home security. Poor form @KwiksetCorp #KwiksetCorp
Great concept when it works! The idea of the lock is great and very convenient when it works. I expected a quick way to enter and exit my garage, but most days it actually slowed me down. It fails to lock/unlock more times than it actually works. Most mornings I would try 3-5 times then give up and just use the app from my car or pull out my key which this was supposed to avoid. Hopefully after some updates and fixes Kwikset can get it right. As of right now it does not do reliably do what it is supposed to do. One thing we loved about the Kevo over the other locks is the style. It resembles a regular lock but with the poor functionality we ended up returning it and going with the Premis.
When I first got it, I had sel f ... When I first got it, I had sel f created problems lol with it flashing red and then go blue and back to red,but I talk to customer support and move device closer to kevo convert door lock,the light stays blue and I can now open door from anywhere,if it red u can still open but on blue tooth signal,which means u got to be close to door,would have gave it five stars but I had to figure out myself that u can through the app switch from blue tooth opening of door to internet router opening which means from anywhere, cause it did not mention that in instructions,so I spent lots of time thinking my plus was not working,in which it was ,just had to click on right icon .
Five Stars good
Five Stars awesome just what I needed
we LOVE IT! It was exactly what I wanted I installed this myself, following the step by step directions. The hardest thing was getting the old lock off. My hubby had misplaced the exact-sized allen wrench required (UGH!). After using this Kevo 2nd Gen now for a month, we LOVE IT! It was exactly what I wanted. Our cars are keyless entry. My car keys, and thus my house keys are always at the bottom of a bag or in some random pocket. So fishing them out to unlock the house, when I didnt need to do that for the cars, well, it just seemed too old-fashioned and very annoying. Now all I do to unlock the house is touch the door knob. It is really that simple. We have had not mechanical problems with either the lock nor the blue-tooth feature (My son and I use an iPhone 7, my other son and hubby use Samsung 6). One way I use it, which I have come to really like... before I get out of the car, as I am gathering up my phone and purse, I can unlock the door by tapping the app before I exit the car. This is great when it's raining. I have not upgraded to connec to wifi. Really, I see the purpose in doing so.
good for warm weather or heated space needing a lock best feature- you can unlock with a touch/ has a hard key for back upworst feature- it works when it wants to signal/ battery2nd GenI purchased 2 key fobs and 2 core locks. The key fob is the only reason I am not returning the complete set. The manufacturer has chosen a set of old outdated phone that are available for use with this lock in the app that works all over the world with the internet (kevo plus) I wrote to them and they said that they ( updated phone choices) are coming soon. I live in Indiana, NWI Cold harsh winters. The lock is not protected for outdoor buildings that are not heated.. Batteries go dead in extreme low temps. My garage I had to change battery on lock several times. I gave up and just used the key. To use the wifi you have to be close enough to use and the convenience is nice when bringing in groceries or raining.The home and garage (when warm) works with my bluetooth on phoneMy key fob works with home and garage when warmThe internet unit you can purchase separately does not work with most phones and can not sync up with internet to be used over the internet to unlock or check on your locks from anywhere in the world.
I can easily check my app before I go to sleep to ... I've had this working for about a month now. Installation took about an hour but most of that time was spent chiseling so it wouldn't get hung up when locking and use up batteries. So far I've had 2 issues. One is from the app being closed when I go to unlock it because then there is no Bluetooth which it needs to operate. The other is not having the door closed tightly and that causes it to jam. After learning this I haven't had any problems. I can easily check my app before I go to sleep to be sure it's locked which gives me peace of mind. I would like it to work with Alexa but I'm going to wait a while because the reviews are terrible with the hub and I don't want to mess up what I have since it's working so well! I have to tell ya...It's really satisfying to open the door by touching it when your hands are full of grocery bags!!!
Lock unlocks even when I'm inside! Might as well leave the door open 24/7 I've calibrated and reset this thing a dozen times. I'm still able to unlock my door from the outside even though my phone is in my office upstairs (directly above). I thought this thing could sense when you're inside/outside. Junk, going back to an old fashion lock.
Love/Hate relationship We're on our second Kevo. First one broke when the lock knob turned 1/3 of the way then got stuck, broke when forced, then the handle just spun around. Was told we should to send it back for replacement. So we wouldn't have a door without a lock we bought another to replace it and would put the 'repaired' one on another door, that's how much we liked it but I never got around to sending it back.Now 2 yrs later the second one is just a regular door lock since works when it wants to. The lock works manually, wifi fails - constantly. Key fobs are constantly losing power and connection. Purchased new ones, ended with the same result, they blink red constantly and don't/won't work. Had to turn the app off on my phone because it was draining battery power.We shopped for new locks today, I wanted something that worked with Alexa but you need a hub AND the lock won't unlock "for added security" so what's the point? Nothing out there is like the Kevo so I decided to try set up one - more - time. New batteries, new calibration, new app, started the whole process over. Stood outside tapping the lock, blue lights circled, it locked! Tapped to unlock, nothing. Tapped again, nothing. Reprogram, recalibrate, tap tap tap...nada. Touched the lock button on the app, it searches for connection, finally opens/ locks but touching the lock itself doesn't work the first, second, third time. I'm tired of reprogramming it! Didn't even try the fobs!I have contacted Kwikset in the past. They told me to send it back to them for repair and/or replacement but what a hassle.I love the idea and when it works, it's amazing. But when it doesn't, its the most aggravating thing ever! It's a handsome piece of hardware, kinda noisy but it lets you know its working...when it works.We didn't buy from Amazon, bought at Lowe's, so I didn't read any reviews before today. Now I'm glad I did. Good to know it's not us or our unit it's the whole concept.Come one Kwikset! Get this thing working right because it IS amazing and SO helpful.....when it works!I see on the website they are coming out with another unit, hopefully that one will work!
Five Stars Love this! Works great I can lock or unlock my door from anywhere!
b'Kevo 0, Schlage Sense 10 Update: When it worked it was great. Had it for 3 weeks and it would have left me locked out 6 times had I not had a key. Have returned it to Amazon (no hassle) and bought the Schlage Sense which has been working flawlessly for a week now.Original review: I bought 2 locks for 2 doors in the same home. Installation was simple. Took my time and followed the directions to the letter with the first one and it took about 30 minutes. The second one took literally less than 10 minutes. Was able to easily re-key both locks so they would work with he same key.Initially both locks works perfectly. Then one would not work. Called K\xc4\x93vo and the tech was great. Got me up and running in nothing flat. I am using an iPhone 7plus with the latest Apple software installed. He had me close all my apps, close the Kevo app and turn off my blue tooth for 15 seconds. When I started it back up everything was fine. 2 days later I had the same problem with both locks at the same time and they would not work with either my phone or my wife\xe2\x80\x99s phone. Went through the close apps, turn off bluetooth, wait 15 seconds and restart. Did it twice without success. Called Kevo and they got me going again. They blamed Apple and the latest update. Quite frankly I see a hardware blaming software and software blaming hardware scenario in the making. I would hate to think I spent this much money for a simple deadbolt. Bought a lockbox for an emergency key just in case! I am very disappointed. If I can go along without an issue I will revise my rating.Well, after 3 weeks of ownership and being potentially locked out of the house more times than I can count, I have initiated my return of these locks to Amazon. As soon as my new Schlage Sense smart locks arrive and are installed, these are going back. Thank you Amazon Prime for the great customer service and making the return a smooth and hassle free experience (even though I no longer have the original packaging).'
Bluetooth connection issues The connection with my phone is horrible. The app is left open and it just searches for the lock. I have to close it then open it again for it to work. The Bluetooth only option limits its potential.
Does not work with Pixel 2 XL I want to like this, the concept is good except.. it just doesn't actually work. I have a Pixel 2 XL and although you can install the app, you cannot operate the lock nor can you use the touch to lock/unlock feature, the whole freaking point of this thing.1 star because it just doesn't do what it's designed and sold to do.
Terrible. So buggy Terrible. So buggy. I have the WiFi adapter too and completely unreliable. Not ready for prime time. Works 10% of time at all remotely then cycles out.
Nice product, Great concept Nice product, Great concept, and awesome when it works properly, but it is inconsistent. Always seems to fail when you need it the most
I'm sorry but this thing SUCKS. If I calibrate it I'm sorry but this thing SUCKS. If I calibrate it, it stops working for my roommate. Then my roommate calibrates and it stops working for me. It is way too specific as to where the phone can and can't be. It's like down to the inch in proximity (elevation and distance from the lock). IF you're able to get a successful unlock, it still takes like 5 seconds. These things are supposed to make life easier, right? That is the whole point. This thing makes life harder. I hate it and I can't think of anything good to say about it other than the commercial is flashy. It lags when using the wifi hub. Like "Alexa, lock my door" and it is a 20 second lag before anything happens. It's just a piece of garbage, yet they charge a super premium price for it. Don't waste your money, or at least check the return policy and make sure you're all good. Then be ready to lose hours to installing, then uninstalling the lock.Yah this is a rant, but it's honestly the worst product I have ever purchased in all my years.
Long time arrived, but up to now I did ... Long time arrived, but up to now I did not use itsAs you see in my account.. it’s not supported gateway. Should be upgrade but the didn’t, I sent several requests, please guide me
Alexa... Lock my front door! Is as described . Works well with Amazon Alexa. Alexa can NOT unlock your doors for security reasons.
Don’t wasted your money on this as it not works Don’t wasted your money on this as it not works, it’s just keep flashing blue lights and you can’t connect to it.
The instructions on this item are TERRIBLE! The instructions on this item are TERRIBLE! All it says is plug in and you're good to go. However, there is a pairing process that's required and the only way I found out was by calling tech support and waiting on hold
I've never hated a lock so much in my life Wish I hadn't bought this lock. Some of the issues: it says I need to change the battery every two weeks, it often doesn't authenticate with my phone and I have to use the key anyway, every so often it decides not to work at all and you have to reset it and re-add keys and when this happens, it's a pain to find the information you need to reconfigure it. I've never hated a lock so much in my life.
Two Stars You have to have the app always open. It is not reliable
This is needed to work with Alexa or Google Home The Kevo Plus is the only way for Kevo to be monitored over the Internet or integrated with SmartHome devices such as Alexa or Google Home. You can also give out eKeys over the Internet using the Kevo Plus. The device works well, easy to setup and hasn't failed me yet.The bad points:1) Costs $100 for basic Internet operations. For Smart Devices this is pretty ridiculous as everything needs Internet for integration.2) Only Bluetooth - since there are no Smart Hubs which offer Bluetooth management of Smart Devices you have to shell out $100.3) You need a network cable to your router. Sadly the Kevo Plus is NOT a wifi device. This can be an issue since you have to plug it into your Wifi router AND you have to be close to all your locks. Getting a Wifi repeater with a LAN port close to your Kevo Plus can solve this, but not too close as Bluetooth is the same frequency at 2.4 GHz wifi. Also introduces other issues such as wifi channel congestion if you don't have a MIMO repeater and latency over the Wifi. At $100 this device should have a Wifi antenna at 5 GHz so it doesn't stomp on the 2.4GHz Bluetooth antenna.4) Still need to use the App. Even with Internet connectivity there is no website for Kevo management. Which means you still need to do everything off a phone or tablet.
Very poor integration with home automation system Very poor integration with home automation system, even with the optional (and more expensive) hub. I've inquired with customer support whether they will ever integrate with IFTTT, for example, to allow for locking the door on various events. They told me they have no intent to ever do so.Very unreliable use with iPhone. Of course Kwikset blames Apple, but the annoyance of having to quit and restart the app every time I wanted to get in the door was too much. This lock is now in a box in the closet.
Works, BUT lack good installation instructions. The lock itself would be 5 stars, HOWEVER it lacks installation instructions. It took me 3 hrs to get working right. 1st problem was how the wire harness routs to back side. I thought it had to go though the cover, turns out doesn't have to. It wouldn't lock when the door was closed, then I looked online at Kwikset's support page and found out the lock has to be calibrated. That took me several times to get it right, due to my mistakes. I didn't bother getting the phone app, just 2 fobs. The lock is installed on a back door to the garage, so access is limited.
Unreliable Unreliable and eats AA batteries. A set of 4 batteries lasts 30-45 days even with minimal use. I literally got less then 10 openings on a set of new Energizer batteries. Then tried to use well recharged batteries with the same result. This means when you show up at your lock with only your phone to open it your out of luck.
Lock / Unlock from anywhere but cannot sync with Google Home Having this item totally adds value to the Kevo product. Locking / unlocking the door from anywhere definitely comes in handy. Just wish they were compatible with Google Home...
Just like most people who have written reviews Just like most people who have written reviews, I have bought this product twice. First one didn’t work and the second kept losing its connectivity. The blue lights just spun around. It is very buggy. The real reason for the 1 star is the customer service. For people who buy smart home devices, we know they can be bit buggy time to time, however their customer service is non existent. I left my call back # and never got a call back. Than I chose to wait on the line and took over an hour to get a hold of someone. I Expect an expensive smart lock to come with good customer service like my other smart home devices, but I was greatly disappointed.
Inconsistent The unit worked for about a week, then became inconsistent, then the battery becomes critical and loses power 2-3 times per week.
A Good Electronic Lock I bought this lock as a gift for my sister and brother-in-law. Since they already had a Kwikset dead-bolt, I noted in the online documentation that this lock could be re-keyed to use their existing physical key if needed. My brother-in-law was able to install it without any issues and I received an automated email at one point with a link to download the electronic key for the lock. I have an iPhone 6S Plus so I downloaded the Kevo app from the app store, created an account with Kwikset so that I could login and activated the electronic key on my account.Using it is very simple. Your phone needs to have Bluetooth turned on and the application has to be active. Then you simply touch the collar of the lock. It will light up with a rotating blue light and if it successfully unlocks, the collar will turn green and you will hear the bolt retract. Locking from the outside is the same. Touch the collar and wait. If it locks successfully, the collar will turn red. Note that you can also lock and unlock the door from the app directly without having to touch the lock.If you do not have your phone or for some reason it is not working correctly, you can still use a physical key. Kwikset has a setup procedure to easily rekey the lock to your existing Kwikset key. Once that is done, your physical key will open and close the lock.
So far so good! I love it! I've seen all the negative reviews of this thing but I decided to order it anyway. Installation was pretty simple. The directions on the app are clear and easy to understand. After setting it up, it required a pretty lengthy update. I kept my device close by and the update went through just fine. I use a Google Nexus 6P and I haven't had trouble at all opening the door. Sometimes I have to keep it pretty close but I don't mind that. I have not had it fail to open the door at all. I sent a digital key to my brother and he was able to set it up and use it without any trouble either. So far I am very happy with it.
So Convenient! I can’t believe how often it works versus how often it doesn’t work. I thought it was going to be a 50/50 connect/not connect. BUT IT Connects 95% of the time, and when it doesn’t all I have to do is turn my pocket towards the lock that has my phone in it.
Don't buy Didn't last long and it absolutely eats batteries
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE AND THEY BASICALLY TOLD ME THAT I HAD TO ... Hi We had this installed and did not work!!! THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE AND THEY BASICALLY TOLD ME THAT I HAD TO UNINSTALL IT , GO BUY ANOTHER LOCK TO INSTALL WHILE. I SENT THIS ONE BACK AND THAT ONCE THEY GOT THE FAULTY LOCK BACK THEY WOULD SEND ME ANOTHER LOCK. RIDULOUS! I WENT TO ANOTHER PRODUCT!!
TECH NOT READY FOR MAINSTREAM DOES NOT WORK! AVOID! It rarely works. About 1 out of 20 times. Every two weeks or so we need to reset it, and we've reinstalled the app about 10 times in 6 months.
Worst product ever I wish I could give it less. Worst product ever. Please do not purchase. Never works, tech support is horrendous, it is completely worthless. I am an electrician of ten years and have never been so frustrated with any piece of hardware.
The front part of the lock never worked once. ... The front part of the lock never worked once. Their is a tiny little wire that goes from the front of the lock to the back and it had little pins you have to connect in a very awkward manner. When I was removing the entire lock to return it a screw head popped off and it was incredibly difficult to get it off the door. This technology is not mature enough.
Just skip this one fellas, it simply doesn't work. Don't get stranded outside. Wow....I should have read the reviews. This product COULD be awesome. The design is elegant, the installation is quick and easy, the support videos are well produced, the fit and finish of the product is top notch. There is only one problem. IT DOESN'T WORK! I installed it today, following the directions to the "t" and after 45 minutes of tapping the outside lock mechanism with each of my three calibrated fobs, it only worked 30% of the time. What's worse is when it does work...it takes like 5-7 seconds to unlock the door. Mind you....that feels like 30 seconds, I found that without trying, I could take my keys out of my pocket and unlock the door EVERY TIME before the Kevo could unlock itself.Do you have ANY idea how much my wife will KILL ME if she comes home from work, her hand full and tries unsuccessfully 8 or 9 times to unlock the Kevo with "just a touch"? Well, let me tell you....she would choke me to death and then get a defibrillator to revive me and kill me again.This product simply doesn't work reliably and when it does work, it is unacceptably slow. Don't buy it. You ( like 40% of the people here) will be so frustrated, you will actually take time out of your busy day off to write an Amazon review.
So Convenient I love how easy it is to use this lock. It is touch lock/unlock or can be done remotely. It works well with Echo also.
Love it, just got a second one... I have been using this lock for the past year now, and I love it!Opposed to other smart locks with bulky keypads on front face, the front face on this lock is compact and resembles a standard deadbolt. The touch to lock/unlock feature allows for easy entry/exit when walking my two dogs; allowing me to keep both leashes in hand without fumbling for keys.I just received my second lock (for the back door), and I use the Kevo Plus connected hub for easy wireless access from anywhere.Rated four (4) stars, instead of five (5) stars, only because I am currently unable to integrate with Samsung SmartThings. If SmartThings integration were available, then I would rate five (5) stars.
Five Stars was a little concerned as there are some bad reviews but my experience has been excellent. highly recommend.
Hit or miss The connectivity is hit or miss. Bluetooth has to be on AND the app has to be open, which is inconvenient. Not a fan to be honest, especially since I find myself using the physical key to lock and unlock the door more than using the lock the way it’s acrually intended.
2nd Generation - not sure why average rating so low I bought one. I figured I would try it out. You should look at the install video on kwikset's web site. It will let you know how to install, it's not that difficult, at least wasn't for me. I bought the Kevo Hub. I plugged the unit it, sure enough it's red. The documentation on Kevo's website says ports need to be open. I am guessing that for most people, Kevo Hub will be setup easily without opening ports (if it does not turn red, you may want to look at your router's security - too many ports open - not a really good thing). Well, I plug the Hub in after opening ports. It's blinking white, almost looks like a white-blueish color. Waiting for the blue color so the Hub says it's ready. It was taking a long time to turn blue, so I just gave up and left it plugged in overnight. Wake up in the morning, and the Kevo Hub is blue. I followed the documentation, it's not difficult, and really surprised how easy the process was (almost scary easy - I really thought I had this not working with the blinking white). The interesting part is when I finished with the setup, and I cannot remember if I waited for the blue or just gave up and tried it. It told me the lock was too far. I was afraid of this. To my surprise, the lock still works over the Internet with the lock being far from the Kevo Hub (maybe 75 to 100 ft). It may be convenient to open and close the lock one day, so I figured I would get another lock. Ah, this one, the installation not so smooth. This is not why I gave it four stars, I would give it 4 1/2 stars if I could. The reason for no 5 stars is, I sure would like a log for when someone opens the lock with a key without the Bluetooth or Internet. Ok, back to difficult second install. The lock feels like it's jamming, this is before I setup the Bluetooth Key. I'm trying to figure out what it jams. I run the setup anyway. The App tells me the lock jams. No surprised to me. Better yet, the App gives you step by step instructions on how to get it working! I would not put three screws on the cover when getting this setup. I put the screws on and off so many times, I lost count. I had to delete the e-key and reinstall; however, after the steps, the lock works perfectly. I am wondering why some said the batteries drain. It could be the non-smooth operations of the lock, I am guessing. After the unjamming instructions, the lock is really smooth. I thought the issue was mechanical; however, maybe the lock fixed itself. The rekey option, I love it. More details: Android, Moto G5 (not happy with the phone with security - nothing to do with Kevo or Kwickset - strictly the phone) and Samsung S8. It works with both brands. It was easy to move from phone to phone, if you wrote down your username and password. I use complex password phrases, never short - security important. One more thing, maybe you may want a UPS for Hub, router, etc. It's amazing how things don't work when there is no power. Remember always carry your key, nice to have a backup for the convenience, and no UPS needed for the physical key.
Love it!! Never going back!! Loooove this product!!The best smart home enhancement investment. Discreet, looks and acts like a normal deadbolt but gives you way more features.You never have to take out your keys. You can lock it from bed if you hear a weird noise in the house. You can email keys to people and grant them access for variable lengths of time.Wonderful! Would recommend again and again.Only critique is that being on an entry door in upstate New York regular batteries drain in the cold after a month. Get a set of 8 max capacity rechargeables, we use amazon basics and haven’t had a problem since.
One Star did not install properly
the app still not very good. sometimes it doesn't work the app still not very good. sometimes it doesn't work. 50% of the time I have to turn off the app and open it again for it to work