Five Stars helpful
Doesn’t help to locate Not what I expected
You don’t get all the features when you without an upgrade The problem with this product is they sell you the tiles and then they try to sell you an upgrade. When I purchased I thought I was getting all the available features but it was not the case
Do not buy!! Does not work!! Purchased this item for my Iphone however it never worked, Sent for a replacement and that one also did not work. Poorly made product!
??? Don’tKnow enough to give it 5 stars. Too soon!
A must have Wish the volume were more adjustable but that’s the only hiccup
Don’t overlook because of negative reviews it’s amazing!!! I love this I have had mine since March it’s now October my battery is still going strong. I use it daily seriously I lose my keys everyday it’s probably the fact that I have the tile so I know I can just beep them. You have to keep the app open in the background don’t close it out or it won’t keep up with its last location. I have purchased one for everyone in my family their experience has been the same as mine excellent!!
Gave as a gift Not sure how easy to use. Gave as a gift.
“Where is my” saver. Wife couldn’t be without it.
Never Lose Anything Again! Love my tiles! I have 4, One on each: My Keys, Wallet, Purse & Camera Bag! Perfect for those on the go!Take a lot of the anxieties out of my day!
LIFECHANGER This product has changed my life!!! I’m the type who is constantly misplacing things, forgetting and losing them.I find myself running late to work once in a while because I can’t fond my keys or my wallets in the pocket of some old jacket I tossed in the corner.But this has been happening far less frequently bc of the fact that I can FINALLY track where my keys and wallet go.And my favorite feature is how I can double click the tile and it makes my phone ring!I used to always have to log onto iCloud through my computer, but now all I need are my keys or wallet and my phones found in no time
Five Stars these come in as a great investement!! i always have a hard time finding certain items.
Pretty Impressed, although sometimes it doesn't sync with my phone I have experimented with this a bit and overall really like it! It has helped me find my keys fast in a pinch several times and saved me from being late... well, later... to work!However, a few critical things I'll say.One, it is easy to push the button in your pocket and cause your phone to suddenly start singing at full volume, even if it is on silent.Two, white was a poor choice. It started looking scuffed up pretty quick. That being said, the scuffs are only cosmetic. I can tell the product itself is good quality, but there are a fair number of scuffs (especially with it being on my key ring and in my pocket all day).Three, several times I have had trouble getting my Tile and my phone to sync, even when they are right next to each other. However, I've done some experimenting and I think it has to do with my bluetooth earpiece. It seems to struggle a lot more if my earpiece is synced.Overall, I really like this thing. Seems like a good product, and very useful for someone absent minded like me :)
doesn't work doesn't work
Expensive mistake It worked great twice till I actually needed it. I tried to ring my wallet. Not in range. Walked around. Sudden it had “found my tile” but didn’t give me a chance to ring it. So walked around ten more minutes with no luck. Worthless purchase. It works great till you actually need it. Had less than a month.
In a set of 4, 2 don't work out of the box In a set of 4 of these, 2 don't work right out of the box. I would avoid this product and find something else.
I love my tile! These tiles are great! When ever I lose my keys or phone with just one push of a button they are found, even if your phone is on silent! Only down falls are you have to be within 100 feet of the tile or phone when searching or else they won’t be able to connect so you can find them and they sometimes disconnect from one another when your unaware but usually they are amazing! And I’m so happy I purchased them because I lose just about everything and now it’s not so bad!
not what I expected my tile has issues with connecting therefor its pointless unless it doesn't have those issues
A great product. It's a great product. It has helped me many times, to find my keys and phone.
Problems with speaker on tile and lousy customer service I put my tile on my key ring, and for several months had a wonderful experience using my key "tile" to find my phone, or using my smartphone to find my keys. After awhile, the speaker on the tile on my keys stopped working consistently, even though the wireless connection functions fine. The company has no phone number listed online for customer service; they promised to respond to an online request for help but never did. Very disappointing.
Great battery life Don't listen to it when it tells you you are low on battery. You've got another year left. Love the tile products and they have saved me many times!
I've tried other and came back to Tile It just works and I like how easy and simple it is to use. I tried a different device and was disappointed in both construction and battery life. This just works very well
Super Easy And Really Good Just a great product I recommend this for everyone.
great product this is such a great product. my husband always looses either his keys or his phone. And with this they are always found. Thinking of buying the bigger version of it.
Need to be able to replace batteries Easy to install. They only worked for a few weeks for some reason. They don't work now. I am assuming dead batteries already. There is now way to replace the batteries.
Need to improve The packaging date should include the date of manufacture. Because the useful life of the battery is less than 1 year and you can not change it.
Great price Love this, light, easy and helpful if you lose your keys, wallet, or purse easily. I have 4 and use them all
Works great Girlfriend looses her keys far less now. No more need to dump the contents of her comically over sized purse on the bar top anymore.
Excellent product- Easy to set up! Love it. So far so good.
Dead after 3 months. Ordered in July. By mid-October, dead. Even when it was working, the range was so limited that it just wasn't a practical solution for the issue it was supposedly designed to address.
Not worth your money don't buy Was a waste of money app lost track of the first one within 2 hours even though it was on. Y keychain right next to my phone that I was using to track it. Tried again to load another one (out of the four pack) it loaded on then by the next day the battery on the tile was dead. So I wouldn't recommend it buy another thing from this company.
Signal Works well on your phone or Tile . Love to find my keys. Used as gifts they loved also on keys
I'm glad this not medical equipment. I am disappointed that I have experienced multiple failures (3 or 4) Of this product. I depended upon these to track compressor run time on 5 roof top units. (220 Volt) …
EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED I am extremely disappointed in Tile. I heard great things from friends so I purchased the 4-pack as well as some individual Tile Mates. I wish I had done what I usually do and purchase small, test, and purchase more if the test checks out. These Tiles don't do anything that is advertised.I used the Mates and the Tile adhesive strips to attach to some ceiling fan remotes because my kids never put their remotes back in the same place twice. Any time I needed to locate them, my phone says something to the effect of "Tile nearby, wait while we connect" forever. I very rarely get to a point where I can make the Tile chime. 95% of the time, I'm staring at my phone while my children scurry to locate the remote and they locate the remote before my phone connects to the tile. We made it game; a game that my kids always win. This applies anywhere from 10 seconds up to 5+ minutes.Ok, maybe it's my phone. Despite having 2 different phones that communicate via Bluetooth to my watch and my ring, maybe it's the phone or maybe it's Android. Ok, let's try another test.For the Slims, I slipped one in to each of our cars. A poor man's Lojack if you will. My wife drove from our house in Northern Illinois to Oklahoma. This is a 12+ hour trip where she would be stopping to stretch, stopping for gas, etc. She was also in Oklahoma for a week and was almost exclusively using her car whenever they left the house. As soon as she left, I marked the Tile for her car as lost. When did Tile find the car? After she got home, I was in my garage and got a notification that her car was found...BY MY PHONE 3 DAYS AFTER SHE RETURNED. Poor man's Lojack failed. I get that a car driving at highway speeds may not get picked up, but the whole point of this is a 10 day long test to ensure that it's not strictly my phone that's having an issue finding these things. On this trip, ANYONE with the Tile app could've found this Tile and no one did. Also, it's worth noting that SHE HAD THE TILE APP ON HER PHONE IN THE CAR THE ENTIRE TIME and it still wasn't found.The only feature that works is jingling the Tile if and when it connects. Again, this is pretty much useless because it never connects.I even bought one of those key holders with Tile built in so I could locate my keys on the off chance I lost them. It's rechargeable, which is a step up from the Mates and the Slims, but it doesn't tell me when the battery is low and only lasts a couple of months so you have to anticipate when the battery might die. I know this isn't indicative of the 4-pack, but this part is more of a review on the tech itself not functioning. Also, same performance with this device, very rarely ever connects.All in all, I'm probably $200+ invested in Tile and really wish I hadn't, extremely disappointed in what's supposed to be the largest collection of crowd sourced item location and the performance of the product. I may as well have painted white squares on the items as that's the only advantage I've seen of having these things attached to my remotes, keys, and in the cars; slightly better visibility. Could've upgraded to glow in the dark paint to overshadow the only perk these things have given me.
Great! Great product for the price!
Do not rely on these to find your things First two tiles were installed in January, one of the two stopped working in March. That tile was replaced, and then a third was added in April. By June none of them would make sounds, nor would they locate my phone when double pressed. I can have the phone and tile right next to one another and they won't find the other. The app will still show me on the map where the tile is, but the tile will not play a sound when I use find.Tile customer service said they would replace the first tile that stopped working, but after that I never received any further instructions.When these do work they're nice. Being able to see on the map if I left my keys at work or at home is great.
Good Enough Sometimes it doesn't track my keys in my own house but eventually does if I walk around so I'm guessing any farther would be bad. It has helped me a lot. Very happy with them.
Rarely work when I need them These tiles rarely work when I need them. They lose blue tooth connection regularly. I'm often standing a foot away from my phone and the tiles don't register that it's nearby. The reverse also happens. To make matters worse, the map only tells you the address of the last location of a tile the last time it was connected to the phone. Sometimes, the last read is 15 hours ago. How can anyone justify paying $30 for an app that tells you your keys were somewhere in the house yesterday?? What is the point of a very expensive finding system that loses connection regularly and doesn't reconnect easily? It's a lot easier to find my phone by calling it. As far as lost keys, I'm out of luck. I would not recommend this product to anyone and will not but it again until they have a more reliable refresh rate that actually allows the user to locate the tiles consistently.
very useful purchased this item after i spent almost 20 minutes in the morning trying to fins my keys and get to work on time! apparently i had left them in a random location after needing to move my car while in a sleepy haze.you can also use your keys to locate your cell phone also! i tried attaching another tile to my dog. it works as long as it is in bluetooth range.
Don't waste your money on this junk. This product is junk. None of the 4 tiles I purchased in the pack has ever worked correctly to be of any use what so ever. The UI is terrible and took hours to figure out and set up the tracker. Once done none ever performed as advertised for more than a day or two. Sometimes after fiddling with ap I'd get it to work only to have it not work the next time I needed it. The batteries only lasted two or three months so now none of them work at all. Don't waste your money, it will never help you find anything.
Great to have Bed thing to buy. Lost so many keys now with this we can find our keys
If your forgetful like me you need this job your life This has been a life saver , it helps me figure out where all my stuff is when I’m trying to head out so I don’t run late
Cheap plastic? This has been a lifesaver for us, until it wasn't. Have had two and neither one of them held up. Second one didn't last two months. On both, the case cracked from weight of keys I suppose. At that point it doesn't work. Expensive for only couple months of working life.
A lifesaver in finding my keys! Love it! Works easily and easy to set.
A++ A++
Battery life is NOT WORTH THE COST!! The product has already run out of batteries, less than 6 months later. I wish I could return them, we spent a lot on these!!(The dirtiness is also annoying, but it would be fine if it still WORKED less than 6 months later!)
You wont regret it! I lose everything! And these tiles have saved MY LIFE. I lose my phone, i just use my tile to find it. Lose my tile, just use my phone. It works perfectly! We even put one on the dog since he likes to run away. The fact that other people around who have tiles can help us locate PD when he runs off is wonderful and a great peace of mind. I have since ordered 5 more for friends and family, and plan on putting them in more of my things at home like my purse and wallet. I may even try and see what happens when i put one in my teenagers car!
Not even a month The tile was bought on Sept 10 2018And my son just called and said it stopped workingNot even a month and its a bust
b'Much needed Mom needed it! LoL \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
Cant live without Finds my keys when my gf "laid them down"
Works Works
useless it doesn't work. i used it in my childs backpack, and it never let me know where it was unless i was standnig next to it. wanted to return it, but missed the deadline so now i'm stuck with a piece of crap.
Put on my cats harness It has lasted for almost a year and still works in range of bluetooth. Great peace of mind for finding the cat if she ever gets out into the garage again and is hiding. I will replace it again when the battery finally runs out and will get another one for my keys
Can’t Live Without Them But Need To Be Able To Change Battery They work great but batteries don’t last as long as I would like and you have to buy more tiles. And if you misplace your keys as much as I do or the kids their remotes they don’t last long at all. Thus the three rating. Other than not being able to change the batteries I like them. They are loud enough to hear from two rooms away or more if doors open. My daughter has them on her dogs collars, kids game controllers, and we all have them on our TV remotes and keys. A life saver.I will probably at least try one of another brand that let’s you replace the battery.P.S.- do not put the tile or what it’s attached to in your back pocket. They do butt call your phone.
Nice product Life saver
Short life lived Horrible product. I’ve had this tile for less than 6 months and it’s already dead. Makes no noise doesn’t ring. And tech support is no help at all. The suggestion was to just buy a new one. If you need a quick solution sure but long term these suck
Good for finding tile, but not for finding phone On more than one trial, I was able to consistently find the tile, which is connected to my key chain. Equally consistently, when I double clicked the tile to try to locate my phone, the tile sounded acknowledging the double tap, but my phone did nothing. The recommendation to address the issue is to "reconnect" Bluetooth by using the phone to connect with the tile. What!? I need my phone to reconnect Bluetooth to , uh, find my phone?! Until they have a more reliable connection (maybe WiFi) and I can reliably find my phone, it is only good for using my phone to find the tile, but not for using the tile to find my phone.
Easy to install Very useful in a populated area, not so much in my area. You can change the sounds the tile makes and the app is simple to use, very step by step.
Meh It’s ok. If you’re just using it to find lost keys in your home or something in your close proximity, it’s ok. Not to be used to track moving objects.
Doesn't work that well Not as advertised, try putting this in a wallet, your phone cannot find it.
It’s a lifesaver! I bought this for my coworker who ALWAYS loses her keys... this literally saves me time every day. No complaints whatsoever!
Excellent Product!! My daughter lost her keys with some very important keys on them, and we were frantic trying to find them. Finally found them, and then I went online and bought this thing and crossed my fingers that we would get one that works. My daughter has found her keys quickly with this thing, and every time she fools around with it, just to make sure it's working, it has worked 100% of the time! We think this is a great product!
keys great phone not so great It finds my keys great! The problem is that it doesnt find my phone.
Tile me! Tile works like magic. Easy pairing and flawless app execution. Would highly recommend this product.
Save your money Battery life was less than a week.I trashed it, won't be buying anymore.
Life saver The sound could be louder and the location could be closer. However the way it is now has already relieved so much stress.
Not working My tile quit working after 3 months.
The limited range and the battery life.. Short life on battery and deemed useless unless you just want a key fob, an expensive key fob...
Wish I’d had this my whole life! Wish I’d bought one of these a long time ago. I always stress when I misplace my keys but this decide saves me time and stress bc it does the finding for me. I love my tile!
Love it Works as expected
One of the Best Things I've Ever Purchased I'm that person that habitually loses her keys. Especially when I'm running late. The tile has saved me from panicking on many occasions. Not only can your phone find your keys but your keys can find your phone!
Good Love this crap. My wife loses everything. Saved her butt a few times in the short time we've had it. The app doesn't always work so great but it's decent. Works well with Alexa echo dot. Not so good with Google home thing.
Buy it, you won’t regret it! This thing has saved my life and my time on several occasions. I love it and would recommend it to anyone I know.
Saved my turtle. I made a collar for my turtle and stuck this to it. Let’s just say without it I would have lost my turtle many times.
No way to replace the battery I’ve maybe needed to use my tile 3 times to find my keys. Had it installed for about 4 months, and the battery is dead. Pretty bummed since you can’t just change the battery.
A Definite Must have Misplacing a lot of things these days. I put these on my keys and it paid off already. Highly recommend!
Lost things Well i havent lost my keys yet but im pretty sure its going to work
b'Excellent Tech item !! A must have imo I lost my little chihuahau BiBi yrs ago, she was accidently let out by someone we were helping out with a place to live :(We are still heartbroken to this day over losing her.I do have a new chihuahua now and so we dont lose him my son told me of this little gem of a techy item called TILE MATE.You can track pets, keys, or backpacks..the GPS locator on your phone shows a google map of exactly where in the house your item is. You can also use your phone to chime the item OR the Tiles can be used to ring your phone (even when its off).Already today i thought PeeWee got out and panic ensued. I was able to find him under the bed just by checking the phone app.BONUS: Being disabled and the back kinda crunchy these days, i can now "ring" ?? his little neck LOL without having to crawl on the floor searching under a dark bed for a black dog who wont come to me unless i bribe him with FOOD !!He has the "Jumping beanz" ring and he is NOT thrilled. I keep getting dirty looks from him, but I am rather happy. I can also \'see\' where my son is when running errands etc etc without having to call and disturb him by asking.( he put one in his wallet ) I can also find it for him if he leaves it home and goes out. Great little gadget. *It also uses other Tile users cell phones as locators to find other tiles around town. This enables you to see your tile across town, and them to see their own if it comes near you !. The accounts cannot see each other, but it utilizes the phone app as a sort of mini cell tower ? Cool !Def recommend this one !'
Tile finder. Easy to use and very knowledgeable from the customer service, response very quickly. Very peace in mind to find personal items with Tile.
buy the bigger packs loved it, easy to install
Won't connect!!! Could not get it to connect!
Alert sound is too quiet While it works, the range is very short, for example, you cannot locate it from every part of the house. The major problem is that if the item is under a pillow or any other item, the sound is so faint, it will be very difficult to hear/locate. Not worth the $20 in my opinion. I wish I could return it.
Love these It's a tile. Does what it's supposed to do
Does not work the same as when it was first released. Tile does not work the way it worked when it first came out, you now need to pay a monthly fee to look at your history.It’s good for locating items if it’s close by.
Battery life sucks My battery is already dead and i only bought in july. I’m upset it didn’t even last a year
Meh... Love the concept of this product. My tiles keep disconnecting from my phone, which makes them pretty pointless. I also find it stupid that you have to keep the app running at all times to use the tile to locate your phone. Pretty disappointed.
Works great Purchased for my son who always loses his keysHe loved it and has used it a few times alreadyWould be great for an older person who misplaces things alsoThe app you download also allows you to locate your phone regardless that the volume is muted or off
Warranties not honored I bought 4 tiles, they all died within 9 months. I bought replacement tiles. 2 worked, 1 had low battery and 1 didn't work at all. I contacted support and they wouldn't honor the 1 year battery warranty. Do not buy. I'm going to look for an alternative product.
Wonderful Use to locate pet.
does not work. waste of money. Purchased this and totally does not work. Tons of great reviews, but this makes me not trust Amazon's reviews.
Pretty disappointing in just about every aspect This product is good in theory, but flops pretty hard when it comes to execution. There’s a lot of issues I found when using these in my daily life and pretty quickly I chose to stop using them.For starters, the app isn’t too great. My girlfriend and I put one on our dog’s collar and immediately found that, when sharing the Tile between both phones, only one of us could control the Tile. I had to manually remove her to ring it and be rung back to, which entirely defeats the purpose of sharing the Tile in the first place.More importantly, though, is how bad the range on these are. The claim is that they work well over 100ft away, but if I ever tried to ring my phone using one of the Tiles, it wouldn’t work unless the phone was unobstructed, and less than 10/15ft away. More than once I had lost my phone somewhere in the house and never once did the Tile actually ring my phone until I found the phone myself. I also had the same issue with the one on my keys, making these pretty much useless unless you can already see what you’re looking for.But my biggest complaint is the battery life (or lack thereof). Within a month of purchasing these, two or the four were already dead, and they received very little use for that month. Even if the battery can be changed on them, that is a laughably small battery life and makes them entirely impractical for daily use. I’ve already shelved the other two and don’t expect them to work for much longer.Honestly, I’m pretty disappointed in this product. I had high hopes for these but really they just let me down every way possible. Just save your money and buy an actually reputable GPS tracker.
Very weak sound The volume level of this device is so weak that it's almost impossible to detect by hearing. I double checked my hearing and I am confident that it's fine.
It doesn’t work It literally only worked for about one week. The green “find” button on the app wasn’t showing on my phone anymore. I tried to contact customer service and never received a response. I will for sure not recommend this product. Complete waste of money!
Works as expected This product works as expected, no complaints. Very helpful for my family to instantly find lost keys and other items when we are in hurry. Easy to install.
No wonder they were selling them cheap I ordered a four pack only to discover two weeks later that they now have one with 3x the range and double the volume WITH replaceable batteries.
Can’t live without my Tile! My old tile lasted 3 years. Very impressive. I puschased 8 of these puppies and even gave some out to friends and colleagues. I can’t live without them! I’m always looking for my keys. And my phone. And my wallet.
A big hit This is a great product I have misplaced my phone and keys and with this product, it was no problem.
Love it Nothing wrong with it so far. I’ve had it for about 8 months and its always worked flawlessly. No sign of losing battery or anything. Good job tile.
Saves a lot of time searching !! Awesome product!
Buy Tiles now!!! Buy them if you always can't find your remotes like me.
Battery Failed after two months and Tile Guys gave me run around. Turns out this tile is actually a 1 yr subscription from activation date, even if your battery does not die. However if your battery fails prematurely, then you are out of luck. The tile guys told me they would send me a new tile when my battery died after two months, but they spent a long time trying to prove to me that the battery was not dead, and that it was user error. I was on hold with them a couple hours the first time and more than an hour the second time, and never did get a replacement tile. I do not have time in my schedule to call them back again and try to get a new tile. They want you to call back repeatedly, then wait an hour on hold, which I do not have time for. The tile that failed was one of a four pack, so I just activated a new tile. The 3 other tile held the charge for a year after activation. I actually lost my phone and could not get the tile to make the phone ring, even though I was standing within 20 ft of the phone. But the tile makes the phone ring randomly and irritatingly, when I have the tile on the key ring in my pocket. However, I have been able to locate my keys with the tile. I will try this technology again, but I will try a different manufacturer.
A+ A+ product all round
Gets dirty ! But does a great job ! This is very useful just a waste to buy something that gets so easily dirty. I recommend if you want one buy a sleeve for it or a different style one.
I'm sure this was a good idea, but my daughter lost parts required for ... I'm sure this was a good idea, but my daughter lost parts required for it's use before she got it set up.
Life saver for finding my phone & keys Now I can find my always misplaced keys and phone!
Cost for tile unit is expensive for a full replacement cost of a 20 dollars You have to buy a new tile within a year because you can’t replace the battery.
BE CAREFUL its just OK. placed it in my wallet.. since pressure is usually on the tile...battery drained fast...a new design is appealed for.
Batteries in Tiles must have been old. I wanted a couple months before I used my new Tiles and only one of the four would activate. I won’t order Tiles through Amazon again. All my other products have been great.
Works great! Tile Mates are great for finding whatever they’re attached to or to find your phone! My only negative is that I wish the battery lasted more than a year but then and again we change batteries in items that matter annually so why should Tile be different. :)
YOU-finder - Useless product - tracks you better than any object it's attached to New Yorkers, this is NOT a useful way to track the location of your car. Tile works only if you leave the app on all the time and then, even if you activate it when you park your car, it will only give you the "last known location" which seems to be randomly gotten while your car is moving and may not be ANYWHERE near where you actually parked. (For non-New Yorkers - yes, we lose our cars here sometimes. We rarely drive, and when we do, afterward, it's unusual to find parking near your apt. Even if you do, sometimes film crews come in and tow your car to another location (within a 1/2 mile radius). We thought we'd found a solution to tracking our car, but it does not work. In the least. Meanwhile the app has constant access to your location, just not to your Tile. Privacy be gone. I regret this purchase.
Get it! I have sold this idea to so many friends and strangers that noticed it. Get it! Super easy to download the app and use it. You can name your own tile so you can keep track what is what. When you finally need it? You get to see how good it works. It also works in reverse. Your keys can find your cell phone. Now that beats any other system I used before.
Useful Very useful for me that I lose my keys once a week at least.
Awesome Makes finding your keys and devices so easy!
Great product. Haven’t opened them all yet. Use it very often.
It works! The only thing we're not too crazy about is the fact that the app keeps automatically searching and wears our phone batter down. Wish we can turn app on and off manually.
Easy to set up. This works great for my husband. Who keeps losing all his keys and phone
Great product It track my keys well and my phone
Works as expected! Will help anyone forgetful find their things!
Purchased on April 25th. The last time my Tile ... Purchased on April 25th. The last time my Tile app saw this Tile was on June 29th. So the battery life was about 2 months. Very frustrating!
Found Good product and delivery was as promised. So far the product has found my keys.!”
Received wrong tiles. 3 of 4 are dead without using. Bought a pack of 4 tile mates for my parents and just found out they sent a pack of 4 tile originals. Plus, 3 of 4 are dead when we tried to set them up 3 months later.
Clear instruction how to locate phone? I have downloaded app. No instructions I did all the tile said I downloaded app. Can not get it to work it is attached to much phone as I misplace phone. No clear intentions. They said get with Amazonand return. No help at all . Very disappointed
Does not work at all for a car Does not work to track location of something. Does help you find something if you know where it is within a very small radius such as your home.
i put it on my dogs collar and he chewed it and it stopped working
it’s ok It is very easy to install, but you can’t “call” your phone unless the app is open. this is an inconvenience
Stopped The tile just randomly stopped working even though I’ve only had it 6 months
A handy item My daughter has lost her keys and/or phone in the house countless times. I got her this for her birthday and she loves it.
Battery bad Very disappointed, battery went dead in 5 months not the year advertised
Great gadget Works well and totally solves the lost key or lost phone issue. Great to have these "finders" and may end up putting them on all kinds of easily lost/misplaced items.
It Works! The Tile was easy to set up, I bought a pack of 4...2 for my husband & 2 for me. We were both able to locate both the tile item (keys, purse, carry-on) plus, then find our phones from the Tile itself.
Doesn't work as well as I would like. Blue tooth always has to be on and ... Doesn't work as well as I would like. Blue tooth always has to be on and it unless you are near the item it doesn't register it.
.do not buy The tile mate does not work! My dog got out and I was literally 2 feet from her. The tile mate never activated and said your dog is right beside you. I would never recommend this product for anyone. It is absolutely useless.
Great price for multi devices Pro:Super easy to add devices and activate the tile. I love that it rings your phone also. Best price I have seen fir 4 tile mates.Con:Only issue was teying to share the ewvice with someone else. ( ie daughter and I share cars. So borh need to be able to locate keys for the correct vehicle). It took a bit, but finially able to share tile wih family.
Life saver! I use it to find everything!!! It’s amazing.
Poor battery life, worse customer service I like the idea of this but in reality the battery didnt last 6 months. I tried to use their support email system to see if they would replace it but the customer service dept is sorely lacking in my experience.
Perfect Look tile started this so ya there’s a ton of other types but it was tile who started this project. And they work perfect.
Practico y super util Sencillo de utilizar, excelente calidad, super practico lastima que no tiene los adhesivos incluidos
Dead in less then a month I had this since July. Mid August the tile completly stopped working. Wont find anything.
As described Works as described, fast shipping
Battery life poor. I love how the Tile saves me time in finding both my keys and my phone. I am sorely disappointed to only have used this Tile for about 4 months. I truly would have expected it to have lasted longer given the price.My husband also started using his in June and his Tile is still working. Is it possible my battery wore out sooner due to default?I am curious to know other users experiences.Update: in reading more about Tile products, it states a 1 year battery life expectancy. Also noted that the Tile is still showing my current key location accurately, however the double click phoeneing back feature is what isn’t working. Any help in correcting this problem would be greatly appreciated!I would rate this product a 5 star if the battery had not run out in just 3.5-4 months
Tile is a must have if you lose certain items alot This is a must have. It has made it much easier to find my lost keys and cell phone. Aside from being able to locate lost items, its great to just have to hit the tile button to find your phone
YAY My boyfriend loses his keys multiple times a day- IM SO TIRED OF IT LOL. So I bought him this tile! It’s awesome! What I really like is that you can click on the tile and it can find your phone (which he also loses all the time) so it’s honestly a win-win! I also like that you can connect with other people in the neighborhood (such as your siblings, parents etc).. so now you can find your keys or phone if they are left at a friends house. Awesome product- definitely recommend!!! Especially for those who lose their stuff all the time!!
More expensive than stated! If the cost were really $35.71 this would be worth it. What they don't tell you up front is that the batteries wear out in a year and you must replace the tiles for $15 x 4 = $60 a year. Way too expensive!
Can not replace battery ! You can't replace the battery ! What a joke
Missing phone? Missing keys? The solution There's nothing like the panic you feel when you cannot find your phone or car keys. Tile Mate is a lifesaver. I love the easy installation and set up.
Low volume. Very hard to hear the sound.
As Promised Product performed exactly as advertised. Very Satisfied.
BUY THIS ITEM!!!! Got these for my girlfriend and she loves it! I got a four pack because the price you can’t go wrong! She lost her cat for one week! When he came back he had a slightly swollen face because another cat bit him. It’s all gone now which is good. Anyways, I felt so bad because she loves this cat so much and he is an outside cat but always come back and knows where home is. But when he had a disappearance she got so worried. So I went searching, saw this on amazon and was happy to buy these so she will never loose him again!!!! 100ft is the limit but that’s pretty far and makes your search so much faster and easier. If out of range you just walk around until it turns green, you hit the green button on your phone/app and it’ll go off ringing and it’s really loud for the size. Not trying to make a review long but I want people to know this is a good buy. Anyone else on here who says it sucks isn’t exactly smart. It isn’t just for pets it’s for anything you usually loose. Also anyone else with a cellphone who walks within range of your lost item, the app lets you know exactly where it was last seen and it gives you the update instantly’ Such a user friendly app! This product is like an Apple product when you open this. Whoever invented this is genius, god bless you and thank you! Anyone with questions I’d be happy to answer them! A couple more things, it’s small, very light, is very loud which is good like I said, and you can actually share your tile with family or friends! So it helps extend your search! Your phone is considered your first tile when you get the app! I’m so happy My girlfriend is never missing that cat again!
Normal This is a very useful tool for me to find my key and purse. But since it connect through Bluetooth, it sometimes goes wrong with the Bluetooth system.
Just get them I put one on my keys and one on my guitar case! Then gave 2 away as a gift. Great price. Me and my friends are glad for it.
This product is a pain in the bum... The product is a pain the bum to use and understand how to use. The instructions are poor, and come in more languages than informative instructions. They lead you to a video of a child doing this installation stating its that simple. Very insulting if you ask a grown adult, don't ask a teen, don't ask a 20 or 30 year old but a grown up. Very insulting. I wish I returned it in a timely fashion. Not worth the money. I have a teen and want to keep track of his keys... oh and from what I understand it has a very poor radius to search for things like keys.
Works as designed but I’m not impressed customer service is a joke The product works as described but is a lot bulkier than I thought and depending on what you put it on can be quite noisy with its plastic outer casing (Keys / work badge). Their customer service is a real joke they have pricing problems (I have not experienced them with my purchase on Amazon the problem is more with their advertisements on Facebook and their direct website pricing). I have also purchased some of the slim ones which takes up less room in a wallet but are so tall they don’t really fit well and one. Even though it’s more expensive I’m interested in trying foundmi because they blend in better with my items since they are characters rather than a blank square tile and don’t seem to be plastic. The Pixie also looks like another product I would use instead.
Solid device Works so far and works great.
Just what I need! I wake up super early in the morning and often misplace my keys. Now when I'm half asleep I can quickly find my keys, even in the dark! I love that I can also use it to find my phone. Simple and effective, works just as advertised. I can't recommend this enough.
EnTILEy honest Bought this as a gift. I’ve had one myself and it is quite useful when I can’t find my phone.
Get this for your necessary items Love this gadget a lot. Very easy to hide and stick it to a secret place! Highly recommended
Awesome product YES, I TOTALLY NEED THIS AND IT WORKS GREAT!!!
YES We have these on our remotes since we have a 2 year old that LOVES to “hide” things... Love that they did an update that connects to Alexa!
Tile is easy to use and setup Very easy to setup and configure. Hope to never lose my keys again but at least this will help me find them!
very nice product used it to keep track of my son when i visited the US. very nice to use!
Doesn’t seem to work correctly Stopped connecting to my phone after about a week so the tile is no longer helpful in finding my phone which was why I bought it.
love it so far. Love it so far....unlike others I don't expect this little tile to track my keys like a heat seeking missile. It's a 20 -25 dollar item that assists you in narrowing down the location of your lost item...here in a big city that a HUGE help. It does a wonderful job of finding your phone or keys (or whatever you put it on) within your home/garage /work ect.... which can be of great help if you have little ones that walk away with your keys or you're one to misplace them in the house. Look at it for what it is and don't expect it to do what you 1k phone does with a GPS on it and you will be very happy with it.
Misplace your keys? This is the solution Easy to install & use
Great to be able to use this to make it ... I leave my keys everywhere at home. Great to be able to use this to make it ring and hear my keys ring from in the dog's bed!
Lose everything? But this Loooooove this!!
Will never lose a key again Great product
(Almost) Never lose your keys again It’s very easy to install. I use it at least twice a day to either find my phone or my keys. I’ve had about six tiles now (for different sets of keys).
I still have a label with phone number on it when out of range As intended
Works good Works good
Low battery after 5 months! One of the mates is giving a low battery double beep. I purchased it in April. I’m really disappointed that it seems to have worse battery life than the original Tile. I’m love my original tiles but can’t recommend the Tilemate.
Don’t lose my phone anymore Love how many times I’ve found my phone and now my purse!
Works as advertised Good design. Easy to use. Comes in handy. Especially if you have kids who like to move your keys or phone
Time saver I have been surprised how much I use these tiles to find remote controls and keys! Saves me a lot of time !!!
You have to replace them about once a year Very useful
Work well. I have lost my keys a couple of times so when my grandson misplaced them I was thrilled to discover that the tile worked perfectly to find them. Hooray!
Works for Me! It’s saves me time and energy. Works like a charm.
You don’t think you’ll use it... but you will! I use this product all the time. I’m always losing either my keys or my phone and being able to find one at any time gives me peace of mind
Tile-a-riffic If you misplace your keys around the house then you need a tile
Ringer Sucks I purchased in May.. Now the ringer on my tile no longer works... why? I have no answer. I’m actually not too happy about it.
According to the description of the product it says that ... According to the description of the product it says that can be sticked everywhere. However, doesnt have any sticker with it. thry to do it with a double sided tape and didnt work
Stopped working after 1 month Stopped working after 1 month
Hope I never need them but confident they will help find misplaced keys. Simple installation and adding to app.
Do not buy! Battery only last a few weeks Ordered first time and one of the tiles didn’t work so I exchanged it. The second set of tiles worked for a few weeks but the battery is already dead on one of them. Do not buy!!!
My Key Phoned Home! I put one on my spare key and was up in the mountains. I realized I'd lost the key and called everywhere, but no one had it. I thought it was only for remotely ringing the item. Was I surprised two weeks later when I got an email from my key with a map of it's location. It is a programmable key and would have cost more to replace than the 4 of these that came together. Very cool.
A must-have I can't recommend this enough! I worked morning shifts at a gym where I was the only staff member there at the time and that first morning that my keys were lost was one of the worst experiences! I immediately ordered this and added a lanyard to my keys and it's been the coolest product! I was worried it was going to kill my phone battery because it asks for you to keep your bluetooth on, but I turn my bluetooth off all the time and haven't had any problems ringing the tile. I also use the tile to ring my phone when I can't find it.Perfect for any busy person who consistently misplaces things!
Lousy battery life Only used tile a handful of times and battery is dead within 8 mo
stopped working after a month Chat button wasn't on help. Wan't to try email support but couldn't send in request because Captcha Icon was not present
Awful, worthless product This was absolutely worthless. It only works if it is within 100ft of where you are. It doesn’t even work half the time. It needs so much battery life to even track. I would not buy this product if you need something helpful. If I could give 0 stars I would.
Item 10 Use for find my car, the item work perfect
Will buy more! Works like it’s supposed to. Plays a cute giggle when you’re looking for your item. Very easy to set up, you will need to download an app for it. Was very tired of my husband asking ME WHERE HIS KEYS AND WALLET were... (sigh) and since tiles are synced with Bluetooth if you misplace your phone you can use one of the tiles to make your phone giggle. But if he loses all three.... god help him! Lol
Yesss Love it!!!
Five Stars love it!
Two Stars I don't think it works
Found lost kitty within minutes Just bought this tile. Put it on my cat before heading to a new place she had never been before- my grandma’s house. Sure enough, cellar door was open and kitty got lost in what used to be the coal store area. Would never had found her without the tile. Thank you! Best product ever!
Completely useless, buyer beware I received a Tile Slim and Mate for XMas. It lasted 6-7 months before dying. It gave me no notification that it was dying or dead. To my surprise, 8 months later when I misplaced my wallet, I tried to use Tile and found that both hadn't responded in months.I checked with support and they were both dead. They offered to send me new ones, but why would I want more of their useless products? Like replacing broken scissors that don't cut with new scissors that don't cut. I'd strongly discourage buying this product. I wouldn't use them if they were free.Be mindful of their awful warranty as well. Your Tile has to be in original condition, you had to have purchased directly from Tile (not Amazon) and it must be within 30 days. So if you actually use the product enough to find out that it is falsely advertised, they will only replace your useless scraps of plastic with more useless scraps of plastic.
Amazing!!! Love it! My husband is constantly loosing his wallet and keys and these are amazing and so easy to use. 4 stars only because I don’t know about longevity.
Not worth it It hasn’t even been a year and my tile is saying low battery. I contacted customer support and got no answer on why this is happening. Instead my tile app keeps trying to get me to buy another. Once the product is better maybe I’ll buy another but right now it’s not worth the money.
Love them. Quite handy Just wish they were a little louder..
Overrated Great for what it is... But it was useless once you are a 100 feet away... So what if you leave it at work and you are at home... Good luck finding it!
Hardly ever connects When it works it's a nice product, but most the time I end up finding my keys, wallet, etc. before the app even connects to any of the tiles.
Worth the buy but can be improved It works pretty well, sometimes I click the tile and it doesn’t work so I have to try it again. Usually works the second time. Overall works pretty good
Good and Bad's If you have troubles losing anything, the tile mate is the product for you. It is very nicely marketed and easy for you to find online as it is sold on many websites making it easily accessible for those who cannot get out of the house as easily. Many chain stores such as Walmart and Target sell this product as well making it an easy product to find and quickly use. Not only used for keys, the Tile Mate can be used to find your phone, wallet, or even animal! This will not harm your animal in any way and is the size of an animal’s tag they already wear on their collar creating comfort for your furry friends. One downfall to placing this on your animal’s collar though is the fact that your animal cannot roam too far out of the tile mate’s Bluetooth range or it will not connect to the app on your phone and will not ring.The tile mate app, ideal for smart phone users, only requires a small amount of storage on your phone when downloaded. Unfortunately, in order for your tile to find your phone if you lose that, the app has to be opened at all times meaning you may use a bit of data. For unlimited data users, this would be no problem! If you are the kind of person that likes to keep your phone on silent, this app would be perfect as your sound never has to be on. The only time the tile or your phone rings is when you are using them to search for your lost items. Depending on how much you use your tile mate, the battery inside could last anywhere from 6 months to over a year. If your tile mate does happen to die, you will need to replace it with another tile mate as these do not come with a charger. Fortunately, the tile mate single packs and even four packs are very inexpensive so when you do have to replace yours, it’s a one time, low payment.My initial impression of this product was questionable until I started using it. For anyone who finds themselves always on the go like myself, this product cuts down time searching for your lost items. This tile is very small and light weight making it easy to carry around and not a hassle to add to your key chains if you are the kind of person who does not enjoy cluttered keys. You can clip it right onto your key chain or carry it in a purse or pocket. This product is accountable, affordable, and has thoroughly satisfied me as a customer.
good good
Better than the other guys! We are faithful Tile family! Ok maybe not so faithful because we did try trackR once. They were so useless we often forgot to even attempt to use them. The Tile has superior volume and tracking. The only glitch is sometimes it loses connection with the smart phone/device. The quick fix is to turn device Bluetooth off and back on and it’ll find the Tile right away.
Handy product Great way to find your keysRing sound needs to be louder
Can't live without these tiles! Replaced a old tile I had for a year. Tracks my life. My phone, purse, wallet, my keycard badge for work. It uses a lot of space on phone but I love it!
Had high hopes. I had high hopes for this product. I know how to use most technology. And this was not user error. After the initial sync the tiles never connected again for me to "find" them. App is updated, OS up to date and the tiles are within a few inches of my phone. I really wished this worked.
Super useful! Music dies off after a few months however If you are forgetful or a “partier”, this is crucial. This thing has saved me so many times when I was in a crunch looking for my keys. It shows where your keys (or whatever item you attach it to) are at on a map, and plays a tune to help you find it. The only downside is after six months or so the music that the Tile plays to help you find your keys died out for me - still entirely worth it for the map feature though! This is versatile and tiny enough to use for other things beyond keys. After I bought one for myself, a family member and my boyfriend, I ended up buying more just to have on hand for later times because I found them so useful.
Too quiet I've got the waterproof units as well. MUCH superior in that the range is more useful and the sound is much louder. Even being in a bag, near the surface, is enough to muffle it so much that finding the device is not easy. Also, the functionality of the app is pretty not-good. It will pair up with a different i-device than originally used so when I use the Tile to find my phone, it'll be my ipad that responds. And half the time when I use the app to find the Tile itself if won't respond, even if I'm testing it and the Tile is right next to the phone.
Tile died. They are sending a new one. After 9 months, my Tile took a dirt nap. My iPhone was able to detect the Tile but was unable to make it sound an alarm. I texted Tile support just now and after 5 minutes, they have a new one on the way. I own both Tile and Tracker, and I still believe the Tile to be superior.
alert goes off contantly when I sit on my walled! cant trun it off! Almost wreck daily Has a hard time locating a tile when you need it to. Says "found days ago" most of the time and hard to get a current reading. Also cant turn off the alert button on the tile. I keep one in my wallet and my phone goes off about 10 times a day when I sit on it! Very annoying when in a meeting and dangerous when driving. Called support and they said no way to turn it if. I am going to throw them a way. Waste of money. Really wished they worked.
Nice idea, yuck implementation. App keeps saying bluetooth is not enabled check your settings, even thought bluetooth is enabled. Nice idea, yuck implementation.
Love!!! I love them!
Three Stars Has an issue with REAL TIME.
4 month life I took care of my tile as I should and it only lasted 4 months. So many better products out there. Would not suggest buying it.
Easy finding a phone Gave this thing to my girlfriend since she usually puts her phone on silent mode. She was so happy with this thing since she can locate it with just a press on the tile and making her phone sound off even on silent mode.
Battery died already. One of my tiles battery died and I just got it a month ago. I like it though, they are improving. I hope that I can get another one to replace.
Great product I love these tiles to track items. Easy to set up and use. I have several on different things and sent one to my brother to track his keys!!
Failed in Five Months, AMAZON Came Through! The device stopped working 5 months (at least) from the time I bought it. I didn't realize it till I needed to find my keys, so by that time it was 8 months old. Tile will NOT honor their 1-year guarantee unless you buy directly from them. I called AMAZON who said that they would honor it! I was only out a $4. return postage fee. GREAT JOB, AMAZON! No more tiles for me.
Does not work! My wallet was stolen and this did absolutely NOTHING! In fact, in the days prior to my wallet being stolen in Colorado, the tile app claimed that my wallet was in Canada as it does to this day. I've never been to Canada.
I know where everything is!! But only cause my phone tells me now. Great product. Totally recommend it for the forgetful.
I love my tile!! I keep it in my wallet and I’m glad it works! Always alerts me if I’ve changed purses and not taken it with me.
SAVES YOUR SANITY! Get one for every key ring you own. When these first came out, I bought multipacks and gave one to every man (from teenager to 70 yrs. old) in my family for Christmas. They were THRILLED! I have them on EVERYTHING!
Great for people who lose things when they are in a rush. It wasn't easy deciding which brand of key finder to buy. I wanted to get one that had a replaceable battery, but I also wanted one that was popular enough to include integration with Alexa. Plus if you truly lose your item out there in the wild, the way you are going to find it again is IF someone has the same brand of key finder as you and has the app on their phone. That's why I picked Tile and not chipolo or trackR. They claim to have sold 5 million. The one thing I don't like is that if your phone disconnects from the tile, you don't get any kind of notification. You can see the location of the tile when it was last connected, but it seems to me that if this feature was available, much fewer individuals would lose their keys/wallet/etc.
Does it job Too soon for an honest review but worksFine.
Totally worth it! I got this for a friend and he loved it!
Dud!!!! After 2 months I bought the Tile because I am always losing my keys and phone. I really loved it for the 1st two months. On month 2 it died, no longer works. Very disappointing. I really wish it would of lasted longer than 2 months and I would of totally recommended this product. Don't buy, total waste unless you want to buy a new one every 2 months
Que app debo de usar Cuál aplicación debo de usar para localizar en un cell iPhone ???
It is a great investment I use it to keep up with my keys ,phone, and my iPad I love it
Just what we needed! These are a lifesaver. Not only can I find my misplaced keys, I can also you the tile on the keys to find my phone!
Not rechargeable and must be replaced yearly Like everything just for the price battery life could last atleast 1.5 years instead of their suggested 1 year if they tried or make these ones rechargeable. Cheaper then buying a car gps tracker or similar.
sucks I used this to keep track of my bike. I would find my bike way before the tile.
Terrible customer service. How will the product itself work? We'll see. I guess this thing is great if it works. But if, like me, you had trouble installing it, you're in trouble. I made some kind of elementary installation error early on, and after that I couldn't find a cure. The "how to" videos online are basically ads. The "how to" FAQs got me nowhere. There is no customer service phone number to call. The get-customer-service-via-messaging took me a full hour of waiting in the queue. Once I finally got somebody, he was just fine and we straightened out the problem -- though it could have been done in 5 or 10 minutes if they'd actually had a customer service phone number. Fixing it all via typing into text messages, then going back to the app, then back to type in text messages, then back to the app...was far slower. Finally, the thing is done and seems to work. We'll see how it goes.
Not a good purchase Not worth the effort. Connect over wifi. We live in the country...Location are always searching. Not a good purchase
Smaller than original! Easy setup! Smaller than the original- like it so far!
Two Stars Only worked for a few weeks
Good product, I got one dud. One of the tiles in my box does not work. The product itself is good, easy to use and works well. Just wished my whole set worked.
Great idea Luckily I don't loose my keys too often, but when I do, it is so easy to locate them and same with the phone. I have peace of mind knowing when I misplace them, I can find them!
Love it It has help me to locate my keys many times. I recently attached one to my son cell phone.
Easy install, easy use, unreliable tracking Like others have found, this has trouble locating items within 20 feet, let alone 100ish radius. I installed on 3 pet collars as they have a habit of sneaking out. Within 1 hour of install, 2 went offline and haven’t been “found” by the app, even though I’m looking at my dog in the next room of my house.Great idea- might help a bit for inanimate objects like keys or wallets— but for real tracking , seems gimmicky and highly unreliable
Great look Work excellent
Easy to use. Awesome that it works both ways. Been looking for something this small but convenient and cute at the same time. App is easy to use.
Do not buy I bought this 3 months ago and it stopped connecting to the app about a month ago and now completely stopped working!
They force you to buy one every year... Not cool! It works great, but their business practices are pretty lame.
Already have one, bought this for my sister Got this for my sister. After using it, I was able to see she would find it useful as well.
Absolutely no customer support. Turns out I bought junk It only occasionally recognizes my Bluetooth on my phone. Very frustrating when you’re late for work and you can’t find your phone. Good luck trying to get an answer from their really crappy and inapt help line it’ll click you off every time and put you right back to the beginning. They absolutely have no one to talk to. I will not buy this product again
If your tile leaves the last place it pings you are F***** I lost my keys and it only tells you the last place the app had communication with the tile if you go back to that place and try and find it and it's not within 100 ft of you your screwed!!! why is this not an actual gps tracker it's a damn bluetooth tracker. Pretty stupid I wont be buying another one and will be telling people all about this fault in the product
Good one for someone always can’t find key I always forget something,hard to find my key,it’s help me alot
Trash with Galaxy s9 Complete garbage with my S9. Tiles connected fine with bluetooth and location enabled. As soon as I turned off location services the tiles were useless. I specifically confirmed these tiles worked with bluetooth capability only and was told they would. Well the FACTUAL information is these will work with bluetooth 4.0 devices but not the new 5.0 on the s9.
The Tile will not ring our iPhone 6 or our iPhone SE 9/2/2018 We received the Tile Mate as a gift. From the beginning it would not ring an iPhone 6 or an iPhone SE unless the Tile App was showing on the screen. We are using iOS 11.4.1 and the latest Tile App from the App Store. It also did not work on the iPhone 6 when it had the last iOS 10 installed. The Tile will ring either phone correctly when the Tile App is showing, and the “Find your Keys” function works OK. The Tile URL will also ring the correct phone. Tile Customer Service has had me try many different things via emails since July 26th, and even sent a replacement newer Tile, but the system still has the same problem. They have given up as of today. If anyone has found a solution to this problem, I’d appreciate a response. Since you are probably not going to have the Tile App showing when you lose your phone, essentially the major function is not working for us. It is a nice concept, but for now the system only rates 1 star.
Does not last long Just got this product 1 month ago and it has already stopped working. This is the second one I have purchased. The first one lasted maybe 6 months. Don’t think I will purchase one again
Easy VERY GOOD
Works when it wants to I need a product refund. It says that it’s nearby and I don’t hear any ring. Need a refund!!!!
Easy installation, sometimes takes two seconds in the first installation Small, fits into every purse
What did we do before Tile? I am a teacher who often misplaces my keys. Tile keeps me from being late time after time. I buy the multi-packs and give them as gifts.
Horrible Execution, Not There When You Need It It often does disconnects from the phone's bluetooth. It has a very short range and does not perform when you need it. Unreliable and has a very short battery life. This is a good idea in theory, but the final product does not delivery. It was really designed to maximize profits for the company and not provide a long-lasting and reliable product to the consumer.
Five Stars Great
Bought this for my (forgetful) girlfriend. Loves it!!! I received a Tile as a gift from a friend who had extras. I'm not a forgetful person but I've lost my keys a couple times the past year so it's definitely helped me. It helped me find my keys those couple times so I figured I buy a Tile for my girlfriend who loses her keys and/or her phone A LOT (3-4 times a week). I can't count how many times she's asked me, "Have you seen my keys or phone?" Now that she has the Tile, she finds whichever she has at hand and uses it then BOOM! She finds it.The only drawbacks I can think of are the battery life on it and the bluetooth. I wish the battery life was longer and indicate how much battery is left on the Tile app. As for the bluetooth, the phone has to have bluetooth on at all times to stay connected to the tile. If you turn it off then turn it back on, it reconnects half the time but sometimes it doesn't and you're SOL if you lost your belongings attached to the Tile.
Definitely worth it I have used my tile over 100 times I think I should buy more
4 Examples of Tiles capabilities. 4 Examples of Tiles capabilities:Example #1: Lost keys at stadium. IF located on app, the app shows you it's in the stadium. Good luck.Example #2: Cat run away from home? Tile shows you the last known location - at home. Start printing missing cat fliers.Example #3: Misplaced keys at home? Using app search for keys...app shows keys at home... Listening for chime... Few days later, in the car on driveway.Example #4 (Best results): Misplaced keys at home. Using app to locate... I hear the chime! Ah it's in my pocket, silly me.I give it 2 stars b/c if you are kind of a messy person and often misplace your phone or keys (in your room or small house) it works great but also note that it won't locate your phone if the phone's Bluetooth is off.Summary: Tile is a gimmick. It's a simple Bluetooth MIDI advertised as a tracking device. I almost want to give it 1 star after saying that.
b'Great for Boyfriends and Cats This is absolutely amazing! From someone who looses everything this has been a life saver. I have had my tiles for a little over a year now. I have one on all of my keys and one in my wallet. It is zero stress whenever I lose something I just grab my phone (which I hopefully haven\xe2\x80\x99t lost) and hit find. If for some reason I lost my phone then I just grab something with a tile, hit the button twice, and I can find my phone. It was very easy to set up, took less than 10 minuets. It also isn\xe2\x80\x99t too bulky to have on my keychain. It\xe2\x80\x99s almost like another key. I don\xe2\x80\x99t feel like it\xe2\x80\x99s too big to keep in my pocket or anything. I use it to find my car in parking garages, my boyfriend in crowds, and I have put it on my cat (would not recommend) for easy finding. A small downside, if you aren\xe2\x80\x99t close enough to your item then your phone won\xe2\x80\x99t connect to it. Luckily your phone keeps track of the last location it was connected so you can just go straight to that point and it will connect. Overall a would recommend this to anyone. It it a comfort knowing that even when I lose my keys they aren\xe2\x80\x99t really lost, just probably in the dirty clothes bin...again ??'
Tile mate Great product!
Location isnt correct I do like the idea of the tile. One major complaint Is the location thing. I have 2 SUVs and I have a tile on my key for my journey. I took my jeep to work one day and opened the app to see what it said the location for my journey key was.according to the app my journey keys were at work with me when they were actually at home.
EMPTY PACKAGE Seriously??! The package came in today—but not a single tile was in it! I bought the 4 pack and it was an empty case. How ridiculous! I’m returning an empty case for a refund. I’ve never heard of this. I could hardly believe it!
Inconsistent I received a notification that it was time to get a whole new tile (reduced cost means two dollars off the amazon price) because my battery was low. I could have told you that months before when the tile would randomly decide to not work. Oftentimes it would turn out my phone was directly next to me, but the tile would just buzz like it was out of range. This was my second tile because the first stopped working altogether far before it’s year came up. This was great when it worked, but I need something that works every time.
Very Necessary Easy to find lost items.
Trash It works about 20% of the time. Completely useless.
Unreliable Connects most of the time... but most of the time my keys are not lost!It has helped me out before but you can't count on it, the connection doesn't work all the time.... which I think is the point of this product.
Never lose your keys (or anything else) ever again So you had a temporary bout of insanity, and decided to have kids.Now you've got a couple of gremlins running around the house, picking things up that they shouldn't be messing with, and leaving them god knows where.Your keys, your phone, the tv remotes, who knows what else. You spend hours hunting around the house for these things, all because a 4-year-old who shouldn't have been messing with it in the first place was carrying it around and then got distracted by a shiny thing.No more. NO. MORE.Get yourself a 4-pack of these tiles. Attach one to your keys, one to your tv remote, and the rest to whatever else disappears all the time (does your toddler have a toy he insists on bringing everywhere, and then promptly loses when you get there, forcing a 45 minute search of the grocery store for Mr Bun-Bun? Give ole' Bun-Bun his own tile!). Then load the app into your phone.Never. Lose. Your. Stuff. Again.Lose your phone? Find any one of the tiles and activate it. BOOM, your phone sounds off, even if you had it set to silent.Lose anything else? Pull out your phone, find the missing item listed in the Tile App, and activate it. Your keys are now screaming "HERE I AM" from underneath a sack of flour in the pantry. Because of course that's where they are. Most logical place, right?Seriously, this thing has saved me so much time in the few months since I bought it, I feel like I'm on vacation all the time. I don't have to spend all day trying to find something before I can make a 5-minute run to the store. Once I get to the store to buy the one thing I needed for dinner, I don't need to spend an hour backtracking all over the store, dreading that this will be the time some other kid has picked up a lost Mr Bun-Bun and so he's now gone forever.I love this product so much, I would gladly offer sexual favors to it's inventor. Daily. After all, I have the free time now.
Must have! Can’t live without it
Saved my butt I’ve used this almost every single day! It has saved my life and the best part is it works both ways you can find your phone if you lost it!
Kinda lost it Yeah I lost it. I have no idea where that is. I am lucky to still have my keys. It works great though. 10/10 would attach on to the other one.
tile mates 4 pak These Tile Mates were nonresponsive, meaning the battery was dead, if there is such a thing. I have another Tile Mate which was given to me at Christmas and it synched to the Tile app on my phone with no trouble. These wouldn't sync or ting. Nada. Nothing.
b'Only works if you\xe2\x80\x99re ridiculously close to it. ?? Really doesn\xe2\x80\x99t work. In my experience, you need to be right in on top of it, in the same room to work. Making the point of getting a finder useless. The only pro I can think of is that it plays cute music. Soooo disappointing.Update: 3 months later- it just only works sometimes if you are literally right next to it. So even if you think you left your item in the car and you go to the car, ring it, it most likely won\xe2\x80\x99t ring. So you think- it\xe2\x80\x99s not here. And you\xe2\x80\x99re off on a wild goose chase. A complete waste of time.'
Do not waiste your money!! good product, easy to install but i already try it, and it dosen’t work, it doesn’t show you real location gps, even after 1 or 2 hours, you can have your tile in your packet, you can even make it ring from your phone or from the little tile square But nothing and in the phone it will show you that your tile is miles away, when actually it’s in your packet!! i try several times, erase the app lot of times, refresh and check every 10 or 15 min and don’t show you real live location!
Saves Me From Losing My Mind Great product though I had trouble hooking it up to my work badge that the original Tile had no problem at all. A lifesaver because I lose my stuff all the time in my house.
One week to real test I don't know how long the battery will last, but one week after buying, I found my cell phone 35 miles away from my home. Love this product.
It simply doesn't work I bought a pack of 4 and have tried using it on several items. One of the tiles died in about a week. The others just never show up in the app. It always says the tile is out of reach (Even when I hold the tile directly to the phone). And on the rare times that it does work, the volume on the tile is so quiet that you still usually can't find the item you're looking for. It's really not worth it. Great idea. Needs some serious work.
Does what it is design to do. These allow me to keep trace of my keys & purse. Can’t comment on battery life because I haven’t had them long enough.
Love it! Other similar products sold in stores only work half as good as these. Great stuff! Simple. Functional. Worth the money
It saved my bacon more than once! I am very prone to losing things. I plan on buying several more.
A lifesaver! Bought this gift for my brother, who misplaces his keys at least once a day. He loved the gift, and has used it. Its durable and has taken some hard bumps and still works well!
Junk This devise is useless ! I was under the impression that it would work miles away, but no. If you are near your cell or whatever Bluetooth it works. If you lose your wallet at the store or somewhere like that you have to rely on the “tile community”. I’m sorry but I want to be able to track from anywhere . There are similar devices that are way better than tile for less money.
Fast and easy Only had a few days but easily installed app on my phone and it’s working great so far!!
Great product This is thing hasn’t failed me. I’ve only had to charge it once since I got it 2 months ago and my cat escapes at least twice per week sometimes more than that. When I’m not home and he runs out the door I get a notification and I’m able to call my mother and yell at her to go get him haha. It is so accurate on his location also and it shows me the path he took to get to where he is at that moment. At night is when he escapes so he camouflages pretty well in the dark but when I’m tracking him there is a flashing blue light which helps and I also use my phone flashlight and I’m able to see his eyes If he is hiding in a bush. I honestly don’t care about paying the 12-14 fee I don’t know exactly how much it is. I’m paranoid about someone stealing my cat or him getting by a car. This gives me peace of mind. The device is on the bigger side but it doesn’t bother him.
Doesn't work reliably Sometimes it works, but don't count on it.More often than not, it is not connected when it should be. Whether from the phone to the rule, or from the tile to the phone, they can both be in range and not ring each other. For someone who uses it to find lost keys or a lost phone in a hurry, that is not okay.Don't make the mistake of thinking if it doesn't ring, it isn't nearby. My tile can be right next to my phone and be beeping the "out of range" noise. Battery is still going strong, but that doesn't do be a whole lot of good when it doesn't connect to locate anything.
Very nice size and handy because I lose everything all the ... Very nice size and handy because I lose everything all the time. With four pack I could put one on keys, one in wallet, and one in each of me and my son's little med packs. The essentials if I'm in a hurry. Works good as long as you keep bluetooth on. I don't keep bluetooth on because it's a waste of battery most of the time. But no biggie because I can turn back on when I need to find something. The only problem is the feature that lets you double click the tile to find the phone. I didn't know it had that beautiful feature and its one of the other big reasons I got this one instead of others. But it doesn't always work. Of course then I can default to use "find my phone app" on iPad or whatever, but it's bummer that's not always possible. Also the speakers are very loud on the tiles unless they are complete unobstructed. So when its on something like keys the sound is clear and loud enough to find. For things like my wallet, where it is zipped inside, it's much tougher to track down the sound and I must silence the entire house to track it down.
I can find my keys with the phone, but ... I can find my keys with the phone, but not the phone with the tile. I have no idea why.
I LOVE THIS I’ve had my tile mate for about a month now . I’ve had to use it a couple times to find my keys & I LOVE this little device!I can listen for the sound or look on the map to locate them .I decided to purchase this when I lost my $170.00 fob with all my keys on the ring.Never found it.That’s why I purchased the tile mate!I even have one in my car so I can find my car in the parking lot!!
I think you have to keep the app open always but phone batttery life suck so i usually don't do that I more often use this to find my phone rather than my wallet. Sometimes I am in range but the phone still won't ring when i click the tile twice. I think you have to keep the app open always but phone batttery life suck so i usually don't do that.
Five Stars Wish I'd had one of these a LONG time ago.But it doesn't always work. I can't figure out why.
The truth. Overall I’m loyal to tile, but the battery life is somewhat questionable.
Easy to use Totally helpful
Great gift I got this as a gift for a coworker due to the frequency of her losing things. And she absolutely loves the fact that you can also use the tile to find your phone. The app will make your phone ring as well and it is really nice
I love it! I love how easy it is to ... I love it! I love how easy it is to use and I never have to worry about not finding my phone or keys.The only thing I have to complain about is that the battery dies in 1 year or it has to be replaced in one year. It's pretty pricey to be replacing every year.
None of the Tiles in the 4 pack worked right out of the box. I ordered the 4 pack and none of the tiles worked. I assume the batteries were all dead. I am waiting for a replacement.
Fantastic product This is the best product! My boyfriend loses his keys multiples times a day. It has been a great 8 months of not looking for his keys until the battery died so I bought a new one.
Five Stars Works great
My second set. They really come in handy. My second set. They really come in handy.
Good I lost my first set of keys. So I purchased the tile so that I wouldn’t lose my second set. I’ve really enjoyed them can’t wait to find more things to put a Tile on
Great product Great product
Used Downloaded the app and it said the tile I received had already been activated. Not possible for me to re-activate it to my phone so it's impossible to use. Returned.
Great Great
Even an 63 year old can use it It worked ! I’ve used it several times to locate my keys and the reverse function of locating your phone with a Tile is a bonus ! Only had it about a month, so wait and see about the battery and durability.The app is very user friendly and I was programming my keys in minutes.
... phone but you need to be close and have good hearing to find it tile rings when called upon by phone but you need to be close and have good hearing to find it. Tile does not ring my iphone at all when needed. Phone rings about 1 times out of 20 attempts. I would not purchase again.
Doesn't detect phone Sometimes it works and sometimes it does not. even when I'm 2 in away from my phone it won't detect. I have to physically turn on my phone and then press the button for it to work. I am disappointed
Poor Battery Life Bought this item in November 2017 and it stopped working July 20th, 2018. Anyone else have any better battery life key finders? 8 months doesn’t seem long enough for the 25 dollars paid. The good—is it’s an easy to use app and it’s not too bulky on key chain.
Great for ADHD people who lose everything I love this item. I lose my phone or keys all the time and this has been vital in finding them. I didn’t give it 5 stars because sometimes the key chain tile doesn’t work despite clicking it-other times it works fine. Overall I’m very satifisfied and would buy again.
Short battery life I used this on my keys. At first it was great but now it only works half of the time and is very quiet.
Not what i expected Can't connect to my keys when under a few blankets and in the same room. Bought these so I could avoid losing my keys and I can easily find them so I'm not late for work. Can connect under items like blankets so they are useless to me
lacking Not loud enough. Wifi pickup range is horrible. Do not sell it on Amazon pls.
You never know when you'll need a Tile until you need a Tile! Normally I buy directly from Tile but for some reason the 4-pack was cheaper on Amazon so I purchased it here instead. I've been using the Tiles since day one when they were crowdfunded, and they work as claimed. I actually gave a couple to my niece to use while traveling, and she's already used them quite often when she misplaces her keyring.
Perfect for my cats I got this to put one on each if my cats and its awesome! I love that if I can't find my phone I can just push the tile on my cat's collar and it makes a noise! Plus it's very useful for finding my cats in my house and their collars when they come off.
Just Not Worth It I got this thinking I could solve my problems of finding my phone. After 24 hours though, the tiles don't keep good connections and I can't find anything with it. These MIGHT be helpful if I was looking for something and didn't care WHEN I found it. These are useless to find anything quickly and their customer service has been MIA.
Only worked for a few months This was great - while it worked. After only about 4 months it worked intermittently and now doesn't work at all. Now I cannot even get the app to come up on my phone. Very disappointing that it lasted for such a short time.
It’s kind of bizarre that it relies on Bluetooth to ... It’s kind of bizarre that it relies on Bluetooth to be found, so you are in trouble if you lose something that’s remote or isolated!
Love this! It says what it describes. Awesome product!
I love the Tile mate I love the Tile mate, I use it almost to much to I use my key to find my phone, or my phone to find my keys.
Part of the family! My husband relies heavily on this product!
Pretty great After losing my car keys I figured it was probably a good time to get a Tile. They're a little pricey and I'm not looking forward to having to buy another one when the battery dies but I don't have any complaints so far.
Works just like it says. I would be list lost without my tiles period. Love em need them....buy them!
Great idea but, 2 of the 4 have suddenly died after less than 3 months At first these seemed great: super easy to install the app, register, use, customize, the size is great for pets, etc. Then I started having trouble connecting with a couple of the Tiles at times even when I was literally less than a foot away. On the other hand I was easily able to ring some of the Tiles even when they were well out of sight; just depended on the Tile and location. I could have lived with these quirks but about a week ago one of the Tiles just stopped working; there was no low battery warning, it just died. I even tried to connect with a different phone to see if there was something wrong with my phone and it still didn't work even thought the other Tiles were fine. A couple days later another one died just like the first one; no warning, no reason, just dead. I bought the four pack at the beginning of June it is now the middle of August and only 2 of the 4 Tiles are still functioning. Since the batteries are not replaceable I don't even know if the battery died or if the Tiles were just faulty/not durable enough to be used with pets. If it is the durability it is something purely internal as the exterior only shows wear from ID tags rubbing against the Tile. I will likely replace these two with Tiles ordered DIRECTLY from Tile and see if they hold up better.
Tile Mate for my car keys Only drawback is to use this product, your location and Bluetooth have to be one to find your keys or wherever you place your tile mate.
NOT WORTH IT First, they don't provide clear instructions on how to make full use of the product, and there is no customer service number you can call -- you have to rely on email for any sort of assistance. Second, the product doesn't even work that well. When I try to find my phone from either the tile or my computer, it doesn't even work, just says "connecting" and then stops trying. Third, the customer service they do provide isn't user friendly -- they require an additional login to access customer care support, and my account UN and PW doesn't even work when I try to log in to the customer support page. Fourth, the battery only lasts up to one year, and you can't just buy a new battery...you have to "retile" at the end of each year, i.e. buy the product and set it up all over again. All in all, not worth it...
Don't buy if you have a job Product worked great!-for about 1 1/2 months. If you keep your keys in your pocket and they get rustled around a bit while you work, this product is not for you
Easy Easy to use trackers for phone and keys
Lifesaver! Absolutely love this thing, only issue is sometimes it doesn’t connect to my phone until I’m right on top of it
Does not work This just doesn't work. It says it's ringing when it isn't. I've held it right next to my phone and it says it can't find it right now. It's just a very poor quality product and doesn't work as advertised.
Breaks/Dies Easily I had it for a little while and suddenly it stopped working. For how expensive this product is I expect better quality. Not worth buying in my opinion.
Can’t ring your tile until you’ve already found it Terrible. It can’t ring your Tile until it’s nearby and most of the time I have to be standing right on top of it for the app to be able to ring it. I usually find them before the app does. Waste of money.
Love it Great for all of us, for keys, remotes. Great product for aging parents too.
Not As Easy As It Sounds I bought this because my mother is always losing her keys. I was hoping this could help her. She is older and can get confused when it takes too many steps to do something. I was hoping this would enable her to push a button/icon on her phone and the tile would make a noise so she could find her keys. This was a bit more involved. To find the keys you have to open the app, press the "keys" icon, and then walk around the house until the tile turns green. After that you push the icon and the tile will ring.I then shared the tile to my phone hoping I could could use it to find the keys. I walked all over the house looking for them. The tile said "finding" as I walked from room to room multiple times until I just happened to get close enough for the tile to be found - about 1 foot from the keys.
Works well for tracking my cat, loses strength when shared on the app I use my tile for my cat. I keep it on his collar, so that I know when he’s nearby, or when he was last nearby. I’d previously used a $120+ GPS pet tracker, but I’ve gotta say I prefer the tile! He get into all kinds of crud, but the tiles don’t seem to break even when brings it home wet or muddy.The only drawback for me is that when I “share” a Tile (allows someone else to access the tile’s location/ info), it loses signal strength. I have absolutely no idea why, but I’ve noticed this with multiple tiles. As a result, I have a “good” tile (only I am connected to it) and then a backup tile for when I’m outta town and my boyfriend is taking care of Samson.If it wasn’t for the signal issue, it’d be a 5 star review. I use these on my keys too, and have found them in the dumpster using the tile!
OK, not up to the mark It does work but slows down or does not locate sometimes
YOU DON'T HAVE ONE YET? WHY? My second batch. What did I do without them before? Besides lose my mind from time to time.
There are lemons. One of the tiles died after 1 week.
Do not buy, hard to use and works rarely This product is a smart product but does not work. When I am on the app it'll take almost thirty minutes to locate my phone (if it can locate it at all). Usually it'll just say it's out of range or cannot locate it at all. This has been extremely frustrating because I bought a four pack for my family and myself but they are all essentially useless.
Five Stars Mom uses all the time!
Four Stars was very useful
Should buy it before you loose your keys The battery is still good, unknown for how long. My family and I are still like it and it’s idea
Bad connection I constantly have to reconnect my tile to my phone and keys which doesn't help when I lose them. The only positive thing i have to say is when it is connected the tile is loud enough to find it.
Not thrilled Great at finding keys but VERY inconsistent at activating the cell phone unless you are literally within a few feet which kinda defeats the purpose. I have an iPhone 8 Plus.
Thank You for the Great Product Thank You for the Great Product
Disappointed Title stopped working after a week.
Only last 2 months I liked being able to find my keys! But the tile only lasted 2 months not worth the money! The ad said the battery was supposed to last at least a year mine only lasted not even two months. Advertisement in my opinion
Two of the tiles stopped working. Unreliable. I wouldn't recommend these at all. I put one on my dog, one in my purse, and haven't used the other two. Neither of the two I've used are working any more after only a few months. The tile on my dog hasn't been seen in a month, even though he's been with me every day. The tile on my purse is doing okay, but the radius it gives is so large, it's not going to be much help if I actually lose it. The buttons on the tiles to ring my phone work inconsistently at best.
I use tile to monitor my outdoor cat I have a outdoor cat, she comes home in the evening, but if I don’t see her to let her in she will leave and overnight somewhere else. Since I have tile on her it is easy for me to monitor her when she is near by the house so I can let her in. It works great!
Wondering why I didn’t buy this sooner. This was super easy to connect to my phone. I literally just downloaded the app, pushed the button on the tile, and held it close to my phone. That’s it. I’m so impressed by how well this works, I can’t believe I went this long without it. Not only can I find my keys from my phone, but I can find my phone with my keys. Pushing the button on the Tile twice makes your phone ring even if it’s on silent. If the battery lasts well, I will be buying a dozen of these or more. Ingenious.
Util Muy util
Great when phone connects These are fantastic when my phone is connected and in range. However that doesn't seem to be the case most of the time, so I can rarely locate my phone when I need it using the tiles.
Really? Battery died after 2 and a half months of use.
Not worth, only works with bluetooth The quality is not that well, it broke pretty quickly. I wanted to use this to track my dog but not practical.
Does the job Had to pair it for my 62 year old mother, but besides that she can work it on her own to find her ever missing keys.
Stopped working in three weeks. We were so excited to have this, but it stopped working almost immediately. I'm so disappointed.
Unreliable and Defective All four Tiles stopped working after two weeks!
I don't lose my keys anymore I would constantly forget where I put my keys but now I know where they are. The only issue I've had was I dropped my keys here and their and it won't ring every now and then but excellent product.
For a world full of losers. Girlfriend loves it, she's pretty careless with her keys....
Works great! I use this to find my little tortoise when its roaming the house. Works great!
Need it Loved!
Keep Receiving Activated Tiles. On my third tile. Every one I receive has been previously activated. Frustrated and gave up. Would like one that works, but how many do I have to order until that happens?
Four Stars There is a time difference in identifying a location, but it is suitable for searching when lost
Helpful to an extent This seems to work better than my tile slim, but I still have difficulty getting my phone to ring through the tile. This does work well in proximity and will update with the location quicker than my slim.
Performance I just got it so idk about durability and battery life, but it's so amazing what it does and can do. Love its purpose and it's such a big help. I actually clipped it to my DD's book back for added safety. Works really good.
Just get these already After my wallet was stolen I finally decided to give in and buy these. The 4 pack is a great investment and I’ve stuck one in my passport too (which I also tend to misplace). The app is easy to use and the official tile brand is absolutely worth spending more than a cheap knockoff
Great gift for anyone who loves cool gadgets Gave this as a gift to a teen who loves cool gadgets. He was so happy. I even purchased one for myself and now save myself from full blown panic when I cant find my keys.
Good and bad tiles I ordered a 4pack tile. It was easy to setup.. except for one tile which isn’t responding. It’s really hard to troubleshoot that.. I do not want to unpair the tiles and return the entire package just because of 1 bad tile.
Everyone needs this! Exactly what I needed.
Awesome! Wish I would have known about this sooner! This is awesome! Love love love it! I had an infant that slobbered on it so the ringer sometimes doesn’t work but the Bluetooth in it still does so you still know when you’re close to it and can find it pretty easily, I have no doubt that if the baby didn’t slobber it would have worked a lot better. Will definitely be buying more!
Fails in only task This item sucks and it’s so disappointing. It worked the first day I connected them. I’ve lost my phone 3 times since I bought these less than a month ago and pressing the key fob just made the keys make a beeping sound. Nothing on the phone. And then now, I tried to find my keys and it said they were ringing and NOTHING from the keys. So disappointing. Don’t waste your money.
Three Stars Mine died and they talk about “re-tile” but i still have no clue how to do it
N/A It’s almost impossible to hear the sound from the tile.
Everyone needs this! More than one! I love this little finder. It doesn’t go off unless you need it to. It’s easy to use and understand. I recommend it for anything that is easily lost!
Great p Use it to track my kitty. Works great
Look for something else We have had this item for around six months. Battery is already dead. Also before the battery died, it would sometimes work and sometimes not work. Not consistent enough for me to want to trust important items with.
Will buy another I love this product. I got it just in time for pregnancy brain to kick in and I would use it at least twice a day just looking for my keys. It helped calm a lot of stress knowing I had a way to find my keys and I could worry about other things
Fob finder Arrived 3, no issues.
Great product, just one minor problem..... Great product. The only complaint I have is that sometimes it takes several minutes to connect to my phone so I can find it.
Makes life so much easier! I lose my keys, phone or wallet on a daily basis. With tiles, I can find each of these almost immediately! It's great that you can ring your phone from another tile. Another great feature is that the app tracks the current location of each of your tiles.
Misleading commercials Only works reliably within 50 ft, so basically unless you know where you lost something.... DUH !
Easy to find lost keys Convinient and small for keychain attachement.
Only for lost items close by I only gave this a three star because it only works when your item is near you, there's no gps function that will help find it only bluetooth. So for item near by it will work
Don't Buy It This is junk don't buy it.....waste of money.. also you can't reach customer service by phone must be emailCan't get it to track... even though it's in the car always tells me it's at my house
Its goods Easy to use and install
Location I've lost two wallets now and all the tile keeps on telling me is where my wallet was a couple days ago. What's the matter with this company come on. Make something that's actually helpful not hopeful. I guess my wallet is gone forever. Hopefully someone nice can turn it in to the police for me. Tiles are absolutely a waste. I need a company that makes something that can actually works and would tell you where the thing you lost is. Not where it was two days ago. Useless very very useless
Timesaver Lifesaver
Worth it! easy to use, compact, stylish!!
Waste of $$$$ Sorry we purchased. It dont werk. Cust-Service substandard. Regrettably learned lesson: do your homework B4 you buy
Great idea for people prone to misplacing items I am very prone to misplacing my keys and my iPhone around the house (especially when I'm running late) so when I saw this I knew that I had to have it. Since I've bought it I haven't lost my keys or phone but I know it will come in handy when I do so. I've tested it and it works great. I can tell that it will definitely be great when I actually need to find something.
It’s not worth it I find it to be ridiculously expensive and not that wonderful I suggest making duplicates of your keys it’s much cheaper.I spent over $100 thinking this was going to be so wonderful I would use it for everything the problem is after a while the batteries die and if you’re not paying attention you don’t know that so therefore you go on and on thinking it’s working and it really isn’t, so then you pour out your hard earned money to get it working again it’s a cycle that never ends .
So very handy to have, and make great gifts! This was a “dirty Santa” gift. I ended up with it, but found out someone else really wanted it, so I gave it to him and ordered a few more for myself. Can’t get by without them!
Worked Great, While it Worked I originally purchased this as a Christmas gift for someone who continually called in a panic looking for their keys. It worked so well I bought one for my loss prone husband. He never installed it so I put it in my wallet, which I would occasionally leave overnight on my desk at work. I like it so much I bought another for my husband and actually put it on his keychain. The original gift purchase is still going strong. The two subsequent purchases however have died. I feel like if you have unlimited funds and don't mind replacing them every 3 months it's great. If it had lasted one year I would have been fine. I'm on the fence about buying again for myself. I will definitely buy another for my husband. The idea of not having to stress over the never ending key search is for me worth it.
CANT HEAR IT !!!!! If it is more than 6 feet away, you cant hear it! In your pocket, purse, in a chair cushion you cant hear it at all. Don't waste your money! 30 feet it's out of range!
Very cool product I love these. They work great so far and I have recommended them to many people. My only concern is the long term life of the product.
This will only work for a year! Same complaints that everyone has; the battery only lasts a year and dies without warning. It's not very loud. They have been hinting about a new model with replaceable battery, but I'm sure the cost will double. Frankly, I am looking for a better alternative.
Great Buy for people who lose their insanely overpriced keyfobs! This product is a life saver, or at the very least, a wallet saver. After losing my second master key fob for my Honda, I finally bought these, and I’m really happy I did.I bought 4, two for me and two for my boyfriend. My boyfriend is putting one in his key ring and one in his wallet. I just bought replacement Honda fobs and am using both of mine for those key chains.I really like how attractive and user friendly the app is, and the tiles themselves are super sleek and compact. My boyfriend’s keys but him when they get too bulky, so that last bit has been a major relief to him.My only regret is that I didn’t buy these a year ago, before I lost $500 in fobs.
Comes with nothing? Opened the package to find nothing but the tile, really?NO adhisivesNO carabinersNO keyringsAbsolutely no way to attach this device comes with this device. making it out of the box.....only able to track itself and nothing more. This is a minor issue, but all the same. they could have spared 2 cents to put in 4 key rings at the very least.
Broken product Product came to me broken.
Tortoise tracker! We used these for tracking our tortoise! Perfect!
Cheap and works great! Great!
Nice investment Purchased this for my girl to find both her keys and phone since she’s awesome at losing both.The beep is a low moderate tone. Noise must be reduced in order to hear. Also, those around who also have tile, can help you find your phone/keys.
Life saver. I can not tell you how much time this device saves my wife each week looking for her keys. Thanks.
Too quiet to be useful It works like it should. The problem is the volume of the alert is so quiet you have to be right next to the item to hear it. If it’s under something or in a drawer for example; forget about it.
Awesome! Would buy again So glad I bought This
Easy to setup and use Love it!
Great tracker for your phone Tile is awesome each time I lose my phone I can just double click on the tile and in a few seconds my phone starts ringing even tho it’s on silent mode
It works so well! I bought this for a friend who seems totally unexcited upon opening the gift, but since it's found his phone or keys several times, he loves it. He even apologized to me for his lack of excitement when he first got it. Totally worth the money!
Tile not a match for me Tile is not a good match for me. First of all it runs down your batteries on everything. Second it does not instantly help you find things. For example if I am looking for my iPad the tile app just reflects that it is at my home address. I know it’s at my home but WHERE.?It does not beep or anything it just reflects that once the app has found the iPad it will “notify” me. Then it notifies me like 5 hours later. Useless
Awful Battery On a multitude of other posts, it stated that the battery life has about 1 year. For my specific tile, I had it for less than 6 months and the product developed side effects, the most annoying being that when I tried to hit track on the app, it mimicked and stated that a sound was playing, yet the only way it would actually make noise is when the keys were being moved. Defeated the purpose of purchasing the product.
SAVE YOUR MONEY! The tile doesn't stay connected to my phone. It constantly unpairs. And when it unpairs you can't locate keys or phone. Plus the app always told me I needed to restart my phone about 1,000,000 times per day.
Just what I wanted Love it
Problem solved !! Great, affordable solution to help me when I misplace my key ring.
So much easier than searching the house in a frenzy looking for your keys! I bought a four pack thinking one would get broken or the battery would die.. I'm still on the first one. These things are awesome and I definitely like this brand over any of the other ones I've seen. My parents had some off brand ones that were junk. They're small enough you can put them on other things besides keys. I haven't done it, but I'm one lost remote away from taping one onto the TV control. I highly recommend one if you lose things!
Forget about using your Bluetooth in the Car Since I installed the App on my Phone, I am unable to listen to Pandora via Bluetooth in my Car. This is probably because the App constantly scans the Area for Bluetooth devices.I had to uninstall the App.Sorry Guys, try this one again.
Doesn’t work consistently It doesn’t work all of the time. I will hear it ring once then it stops. Would not buy this again.
Tile doesn't work. I recently ordered the tile. It says it is paired with my phone but does nothing for my phone. When I press the tile, it plays a little tune. My phone does nothing. I would sure like to send this thing back and get a refund. I am disappointed also.
Nice gadget :) Very good
Nice product Bought several as gifts and everyone loved them.
It requires a little troubleshooting, but works for the most part. Only a month old & I thought mine was broken. If it is connected but won’t page turn off your Bluetooth for 30 seconds then turn it back on. It doesn’t work perfectly, you will have to trouble shoot it every once in a while.
connection issue Not always connected to tour phone !
Battery is not replaceable! I’m very disappointed that these do not have a replaceable batteries. I read the description before I purchased it, but there was nothing that I saw about the battery being not replaceable. I ended up activating three of them tonight, thinking I could just put them in my wallet, on my keys, and one on my bike. Then as I was looking for something else about them online, I found out that they don’t have a replaceable battery. If I had known that, I would’ve only activated one. Actually, I would not have bought them at all. There’s no excuse in 2018 not to have a replaceable battery in the device or make it rechargeable.
Dies before a year and you need to pay for it all over again!! Not worth it. It was handy a couple times all year and suddenly you need to pay all over again for anothe year. Not worth the cost if it is a yearly fee!!!
It’s fire If you don’t have you need one
Still easy to lose your keys with the newest Tile Mate and Software Even with the latest Tile and latest Tile software, I lost my keys because the Tile ringer is still too soft to hear if my keys are in a jacket pocket and because the Map function of the Tile app tells me my keys were last seen 4 miles away even though they are somewhere nearby but I cannot hear the ringer sound because it is muffled by clothing.
Inconsistent with finding phone Does not work as advertised. My previous tile always worked. After a day or two this tile will not find my phone which makes it worthless.
Don't waste your money. The product is marketed as being able to connect with nearly 5 million other owners and operators. I own four of these devices one in each of my cars. I live in the city of Chicago which has free Wi-Fi throughout the city. The only time my vehicles ever register as being found are when they are parked in my driveway and I'm home with my phone. My phone is the only device to have registered the location of my vehicles. In a city of 3 million people with free Wi-Fi everywhere my vehicles have never been tagged once at a second location.
A useful and highly functional battery vampire. Works super well - if your phone’s battery isn’t a problem.The app completely crushes your battery life! I ended up turning off the background refresh and just turned it on whenever I lost my keys at home. Biggest disadvantage there is you can’t click your keys to find your phone then ...Sorry if it makes me a bad person, but I value my phone being alive more than I value helping other people who lose their keys in public ... hats off to the people who sacrifice more than I do.Tile: fix the battery life draining Iphone app and this becomes an excellent product. If you’re clever enough to create a good product, you should be clever enough to make it a better and less inconvenient product.
Always misplacing my phone & keys. Highly recommend the Tile. 5 star Works great. Life saver. I’d recommend to everyone. 5 star
Is pretty good it works most of the time Is pretty good it works most of the time. It has help me find My wallet numerous times. One thing I like is I can use it to find my phone
Not worth your money I bought this product in February and now it's Malfunctioning. I only used it maybe 3 Times.
I love these and they have saved me from myself too ... I love these and they have saved me from myself too many times. Would be nice if they had a chargeable battery.
It barely works Works about 5% of the time.
It took quite a while to get the tile to ... It took quite a while to get the tile to work at all. I used the online "help" and was finally able to get the tile to beep my phone but I find that I have to have the app open for it to work.
One doesn't work I got my tiles today and and one doesn't work
Nice Great birthday gift for dad. He loves it.
Waste of Money My battery didn't even last 6 months, and I've only had to track my keys 7 or 8 times. Absolutely ridiculous. I will go back to the headache of searching for my keys. The easy installation is the only thing I liked.
Five Stars This is such an awesome product, works fantastic.
Very good product Easy to use.
No more lost keys After loosing a very expensive key fob in my house I got these. No more lost keys. The bonus is when I set my phone someplace crazy and i’m late leaving the house just click the tile butrim twice and it rings your phone. I did buy leather protectors covers for these as they get scratched up easily and i’m Hard on my stuff. So far I like them. Not sure how well it would work if I ever left them somewhere because my app doesn’t seem to keep a regular link with them like it’s supposed to
Decide how you’ll adhere these before buying these! I haven’t ised them because they don’t have any adhesive! Must this be a separate purchase!?!
More useful than you might imagine. I thought I didn't need this until I did. Then I was so very glad to have it. Nice to be able to find your phone or Keys when you're in a rush.
Tile I ordered 2 of these and one of them works perfectly and was easy to install. The second one doesn’t work at all which is quite disappointing considering the cost.
Poor Range Cheap Quality My phone can't find my keys when they are 2 ft away. (Yes they work and my BT is on) 100 feet is just false even with no walls in between. They get dirty really easy. They feel of very cheep quality. Not happy with them. Next time I'll buy the heavier duty ones. But if the range is just as bad what is the point.
Technical Difficulty I was locked out of my account and contacted support. They told me they were experiencing problems and to try again in 3 hours. This definitely isn't what you want to hear when looking for your keys.
Bought on sale. Worth every penny. Great product. My wife loses her keys/phone in the house all the time. Very good investment.
Makes finding lost items easy I purchased 4 tiles after receiving a low battery notice. My 1st tile lasted 1year7months before it needed replacing. It’s so handy to help me find my keys that I am giving them to family members. Highly recommended.
A lifesaver when you need it, peace of mind when you don't... While on a trip to Paris. I left not one, but TWO bags in a store and walked out after I paid for a pair of shoes I had bought. Frantically, I went back to the store when I realized what had happened, asked the cashier if anyone had picked up my stuff and he said no. After searching throughout the store for the bags for about 15 minutes, I realized that I had a tile in one of my bags! I quickly opened the app and sure enough, my bags were within 100ft. Upon further investigation it turned out that one of the store's associates had picked up the bags and placed them in the back without telling anyone. Without the tile, I would have probably just given up and left my stuff, but because of tile I was able to secure all of my personal belongings and souvenirs that I had bought throughout the day. My tile tracker really paid for itself in just this one instance. I'll never go anywhere without my tile trackers.
Helps me locate my iPhone & keys! I own 8 Tiles; have them on all my car keys , work keys on my dog & even on my tv remote! I misplace my iPhone every day and pushing a Tile helps me locate it. I also lose my keys daily; Tile helps me locate them! I’d be lost without my Tiles!
Bluetooth connectivity issues This product has one flaw that I simply can't overlook. The bluetooth connection isn't reliable enough give you full confidence that you won't lose whatever your tile is attached to. When the tile mates lose bluetooth connection (ie too far away from your phone, or your phone is off, or bluetooth on your phone is off), the tile app marks the tile mate's last known location on a map. This is a pretty cool feature. The problem I've encountered (quite often) is that when the tile mates are back in bluetooth range (or you turn your phone/bluetooth back on) they don't reliably and consistently reconnect to bluetooth. And there's a good chance you won't know this has happened unless your checking your tile app to see if the tile mates have reconnected. When this happens, your tile app still thinks your tile mate is at that mapped location when bluetooth connection was lost. This can go on indefinitely until you discover the problem and correct the bluetooth connection. This usually requires you to toggle bluetooth on/off or sometimes power your phone on/off to get the tile mates to connect. I discovered this problem the hard way, when I couldn't find my keys in my house, and my tile app was telling me they were a place I'd been several days prior. In my opinion this issue greatly diminishes the value of this product. When the batteries die I won't replace unless I have confidence this problem is mitigated.
Not as good as the original Tile When we renewed, we made the bad decision to "upgrade" to the Tile Mate. We loved our last version, it save me souch time looking for my stuff. However with this version, I'd frquently be standing over the thing I was looking for and it STILL wouldn't ring. Pretty disappointed in this product, and we will be trying new trackers.
Easy to install I liked the idea, and I think it is a very good thing to have
For teens who misplace things! My son loses his wallet and cell phone in the house quite often. We purchased this to help him try to find both in times of a hurry. He can either push the app from phone for the wallet, or push the tile in his wallet to locate the phone. He absolutely loves it!!
Gotta love modern conveniences Bought this as a gift for a co-worker who is constantly losing her keys and it works! Gotta love modern conveniences. She did say that if you keep it on all the time it runs her battery down on the phone, but she just turns it on when she needs to find the keys so apparently it's not that big of a deal.
My son bought this for me, as I am ... My son bought this for me, as I am always misplacing my keys. It never works. I have an iphone, keys can be right in front of me, the tile app shows the keys being signaled, yet no one sound. If it worked, I would have bought more.
Four Stars Pretty good little tool! I wish it was a little bit smaller but it still works pretty good.
Works well So far working as intended.
Worthless for tracking bike or anything not nearby The good: easy to set up, alerts through Bluetooth to help you find it nearby work well.The bad: I bought it after my bike was stolen, hoping that it would help track my new bike in case. It does not. Despite telling me there are 5-8k users nearby at any time and parking the bike in a very busy place with lots of walkers near, it completely fails to find the tile, except when my own Bluetooth is near.The ugly: creates a false sense that you will ever find anything based on other users picking up its signal, when really, it’s only good for finding it within a couple blocks of your own phone.
Five Stars Great idea!
Five Stars the is one of the best finds in a long time !!!
Nice product A+ Nice product A+
Lifesaver Bought this to use at work because coworkers share keys and they always go missing. The day after I put the Tile in place, our keys went missing and I found them in minutes, not hours or days. Lifesaver!
Four Stars Easy to set up and use.
Tile locating signal too faint for the older generation to hear The concept and the product are both good . When it'ssimply a house search which is probably the most often usedand the seeker is over fifty the signal may be too faint to hear.Obviously the volume is dictated by the battery which isvery small.. The signal could be made louder and spaced outto 10 or more seconds to conserve energy
A must have!!!!!! Definitely! Everyone should have these!!!!! Point, blank and the period!!!! Finds my phone and/or keys and love that I can share my husbands phone and keys on my device, (since he loses his ALL the time.)!!! This little gadget has saved me sooooooo much time!!!! Great creation! :)
Where did I put that... Easily find those lost keys or other items. Solid bluetooth range.
So many uses! Great item to have. Love these Tiles! Use them way more than I thought I would! Love that I can use the Tile to call my phone to find it as well. There are so many uses for them!!!
Amazing! Super cool and works great, just wish they listed it only lasted 11momths . I decided to only activate one out of the pack since I already have three of the higher end model. So I’ll wait to activate the other three. Have a spare set up just in case I can’t find my phone or keys since they are usually together:)
Five Stars tiles work great. worth the $$. got 4 tiles for $33
Three Stars ok
Great I love it, but the tiles battery lasts less than a year
Three Stars Works if you are within a certain distance!
Five Stars great item.
Batteries warranted for 1 year, mine have lasted for 2! So easy to use, speak to put on keys or in my wallet.
Five Stars Works great.
Beware—Battery cannot be replaced I bought this as a Christmas gift for my nephew. Had I saw that the battery cannot be replaced, I would not have bought it!!
Great doing business with Great product
Three Stars Would be better if it GPS tracked
Five Stars Life. Saver.
Waste of money Garbage and waste of money. Battery dies. Not very helpful in finding missing device
Worked for less than 60 days When it works, it’s okay but ours died after less than 60 days.
Too quiet to be useful in many situations Great concept but the sound of one of these tiny trackers is not loud enough to hear in many instances. Also the map locator is off by hundreds of feet so that feature is not useful, either. The battery on one of the two Tile Mates that I ordered( at the same time), is dead and was only used 3 or 4 times. I attempted to "re-Tile" after receiving an email from Tile, offering a generous discount for replacing my units. After four attempts to make the purchase via the link provided in the email, I gave up because the order would never go through and their customer support is just an email address. Now, looking at the replacements on Amazon, it appears that the so-called discount for replacing them is about the same as the regular price on Amazon. If they had good customer support I would probably overlook the other shortcomings but I am thinking I can find another option that will have a replaceable battery and better volume.
Five Stars heavy duty very good
Peace Saves my sanity when I can't find my keys, phone & on our dogs collars, my dogs. Love the peace of mind.
Phone to tile connectivity is very unreliable. These things were a great idea because I would lose things and then get frustrated because I couldn't find them. However, what is even more frustrating is when the device you bought to find your stuff doesn't work at all. I have a Google pixel 2 and 9 times out of 10 when I would open the app, to try to make my tiles ring, the app wouldn't be able to find the tiles at all. I've had tiles sitting right next to my phone and it still not be able to find them.
Accuracy not good Accuracy not good at all
arrive on time product rings every single time and when needed it will not work. pointless would not recommend it
Just what I need I’ve had my four pack of tiles for about a week and they are very useful. However, you have to have your Bluetooth on and the app running in the background so this does wear down the battery. Nevertheless, I find it worthwhile.
Not perfect but best I've found. One out of my four tiles was defective, but customer service did a great job dealing with it.Pleased so far, only annoyances are that you either have to leave Bluetooth on or wait 5 minutes for it to connect, and the whole not being able to replace the batteries thing is lame. Nice clean app interface and the best I found within a few minutes of searching on Amazon.
Five Stars LOVE NOT HAVING TO WORRY ABOUT FINDING MY KEYS. WORKS AS ADVERTISED.
No more lost keys!!! Such a must have for your keys! My kids lost them once and found them hours later. Now with the tile it is such a breeze! Plus you can find your lost phone too with the app.
It worked fine for about 2 months It worked fine for about 2 months, but started dying after that and only worked sometimes. It fully died about 4-5 months in and is now a useless bit of plastic. Pretty much a waste of $20.
didn't last as promised This tile stopped working after 6 months.
Helpful So much easier to not only find my keys, but to find my cell phone!
Excellent works both ways Way better than prior xy locators I used!
Versatile and easy to use I’ve been using Tile for years and it is such a lifesaver. My favorite new use is for the Apple TV remote.
Not as good as you think I bought this for my wife on mothers day, May 13, 2018. By July 1, 2018 the battery had died in a product that states its battery lasts 1 year. I do not reccomend this product for that simple fact.
Seem like a kind of scam about discounts for "re-tiling" Their system won't accept my exactly-correct information for "re-tiling" at a discount. Just says "something went wrong" - again and again. So my options are to pay full price for a new one or to switch to another brand. I'm switching.
Super easy installation; Very user friendly This was super easy to install and I like how easy the app is to use. Very user friendly. Only complaint I have is the sound could be a little louder but other then that I think this is a great tool people can use to find things they misplaced to make life easier
Easy and useful Can’t comment on battery life. Haven’t had it that long yet. I will report back
Five Stars I love these, going to need more.
Very faint alarm Not worth the money. I should have read the reviews before purchasing. Sound is so faint we can barely hear it while holding it!
Made a great gift. Made a great gift.
I found my keys! Battery lasts for a year, surprisingly good range, loud enough to find, and has a very thin profile. It lacks geofencing, but that's not a deal breaker for me. I've purchased two of these and am very happy with both.
Don’t bother buying it. Waste of money, I’ve had mines replaced multiple times for internal failure and battery premature dying quickly. Tile customer service is okay, has replaced them but again the tile goes out in less then 3-6 months.
Where have these been all my life?? Where have these been all my life?? I lose my but if it was not attached, my hubs always says... I put these on my work, house, post office keys and haven’t lost them yet! Best part you can ring your phone from your keys... even if it’s on silent!!
Don’t buy Absolute horrible don’t buy stop connecting within the same day it was delivered and customer service refused to answer my emails
Five Stars Great for older relatives. Reduces the many searches for keys, purses, wallet. etc.
Not only a key finder... Very nice if I lose my keys or if I loose my phone I just tap the thing twice and it rings my phone! Very cool, definitely worth it!
Fast shipping Great product. Bought for my son. He loves it.
Life saver. I lose everything - not anymore!
Great time saver I received one of these as a gift and loved it so much I got a couple for gifts for others. It has saved me hours of searching
Life-Changing! I don’t know what I’d do without my Tile!
only for people living in small messy rooms... range is a problem. If you live in a bigger house, you may not be very lucky finding your phone easily....
Not for the non-tech people Bought it for my dad so he'd be able to ring his phone with the tile attached to his keys. You actually have to go to another device and use the tile app to ring your phone. For my not-tech savvy father, it's too much.Plus, we couldn't even download the app because it requires a more up to date phone.
Frustrated with this item...and was excited to get it. Sadly still trying to figure out how to work this dang thing and get it synced to my phone. It's frustrating.
Good for what it’s meant for but quality overall is bad Mine broke within a month ish of use. The speaker is broken.
Stopped working within 15 days My tile stopped working within 15 days. That was too soon for the product to stop working. Returning it
Batteries died really quick, I had to purchase a new pack of them after 2 months! Batteries died really quick, I had to purchase a new pack of them after 2 months!
I had my kid hide it and the best one could do is tell they were in the ... I found this to be a bit difficult to use. At first, I had my kid hide it and the best one could do is tell they were in the vicinity but that really is not helpful and I never could hear it make sound from any distance. Then I put in on the new puppy and he immediately chewed on it and that was that as it is not dog proof apparently. Oh well, $20.00 down the drain.
Great product! I lose things constantly and these tiles have been a huge help for me.
Very convenient way to locate something you don’t want to misplace. Received my first one as a gift three years ago. The battery started to fail so bought a replacement. Inexpensive, durable and compact way to keep track of something you need to find fast and easy.
Pretty good! I had a tile mate before and didn’t know that I can’t modify the ringtone on the basic version. Still good though!
Usually these things are more of a thing to play with but this is useful and have successfully found my phone and keys many ... This product really works well. Usually these things are more of a thing to play with but this is useful and have successfully found my phone and keys many times.
Works great while it lasts Functionality: 5 STARSThis thing has been a life saver in very desperate moments when I'm in a rush or just too tired to function properly. Although the range of this thing is relatively short, it has worked up to a 50ft(ish) range, giving me full reliability if I can't find it at home or at work. Not sure if it would work well as a locator for a runaway pet or luggage, but definitely great for something that is small, used everyday, and that is easily misplaced.Durability: 1 STARI bought this in 4/25/18 (activated 4/27) and yesterday (7/17/18) being a couple ft away from it I get a notification that my keys have been lost, and I keep getting notifications that they have been found but is still searching for it and unable to connect. This one in particular was attached to my keys that I used almost every single day but I still expected it to last more than the 2.5 months that it did. I will reach out to customer service through the app and we'll see where it goes from there.
Five Stars cool gift for anyone. just hope no one actually needs to use it!
The perfect combination to find your phone or keys The perfect combination to find your phone or keys. super easy to use and its so much better than looking everywhere and getting frustrated.
Works Great! Bought as a gift. My mom loves it.
Buy directly from Tile to avoid battery issues I've had my tile mates for 15 months and they still work! I believe all the issues people are having with them only lasting a few months has to do with where they bought them. I purchased my tiles directly from the tile company. Perhaps the tiles from Amazon are older and thus have less usable battery life. I would recommend only buying from the tile company. Other than that it is a great product for the price as long as you're not expecting it to be extremely loud or to work very far away for that you would need something with GPS. Overall very happy with my tiles.
Horrible Does not work! Placed on and item, it gives me a HUGE HUGE area where it can be! The beep? How are you supposed to hear it in a crowd?? Extremely disappointed
Stress-free find lost keys, wallets and more! My husband loses everything.. before I bought this he would constantly lose his keys 3 times a week, wallet even more so! And right before he would go to work!! This tile has been a lifesaver! If he doesn’t know where his keys are he just clicks a button on the app and it makes a chime. The chime is loud enough to hear and will let you know if your keys or whatever you put the tile in is nearby. What would take an hour of stressful turning the house upside down to find things is now within minutes and hassle free. I would recommend this to anyone!!
Stopped working Stopped working 5 months after purchase.
Already had to find my keys 5 times since I bought this 2 months ago. Not only can I find my keys, I can semi-track my wife (and her keys) without alerting her. I know this sounds strange, but she never has her phone volume on and is notorious for not responding to texts. Knowing she's made it to her location makes me feel better.
Glad I got it Saved me from doing the “where’s my keys?!” freak out a few times.
Always gets set off on accident, incredibly annoying It always accidently goes off, I'm at the point where i'd rather spend 15 minutes looking for my keys then have it ring my phone 5 times a day on accident
Two Stars did not work like it says it does
/ annoying. I also tried to use the tile to ... Sometimes the tile clicks in my pocket and my cell starts beeping :/ annoying. I also tried to use the tile to locate my phone in the house and it wouldn’t make my phone sound off until I was directly next to it.
One Star One of the tiles stopped working after two days. Not cool
Super Helpful This product is amazing and has saved me from losing my keys and camera many times. The battery only lasts a little over a year, but if you trend to misplace important items, this will greatly help you.
My husband tends to misplace his wallet; this device ... My husband tends to misplace his wallet; this device has a been a blessing. I no longer have to hear my panicked husband frantically looking for his wallet in the morning, just the pleasant little jingle... and maybe some hushed cussing.
HORRIBLE I have owned 3 of these (a Christmas present) for 18 months. The product only lasts about a month, 2 tops. It would still connect, but would not ring aloud. Kind of an important feature. I was able to return the first one through warranty support and then it did the same exact thing two months later. NEVER once in the entire time I used this product did it help me find my keys. Usually I would find them on my own before the stupid app would even connect and then the two times I legitimately lost my keys, it wouldn't work. I ended up finding them through manually search. This product is a fantastic idea, but HORRIBLE EXECUTION. I cannot say enough bad things about this product. On the plus side, every time I bent down in my jean it would make my phone ring. So if you need a product to help you make your phone ring when you know where it is already, there you go. Otherwise, AVOID THIS!
Worthless Doesn't work. Good concept, but don't waste your $$$$
Great but could be better Works great. It helps me find my belongings very easily when I need to go out. However, tiles are connected to your phone via Bluetooth. The range of the tiles is impressive but it can only ring/send location when you are within 100 feet of where it is. Otherwise, it will give you it's LAST SEEN location if you are out of range. It will occasionally disconnect and you have to open the tile app on your phone in order for all the tiles to be reconnected again.When it comes to finding my phone with the tiles, my experience varies. When it is on mute, my phone will ring at maximum volume (or at least loud enough for me to hear from downstairs of my house). But when my phone is not on silence, the ringing is soft and I can barely hear it unless i am following the faint sounds and I am within a 5ft range.
AMAZING! If you are like me and misplace everything, this is worth the buy! It fits perfectly on my keychain without looking bulky! You can find your keys from an app on your phone and you can find your phone by double tapping the "tile" button located on the top of the keychain. SUCH A TIME SAVER!
Does the job. Just got it and find it handy when I loose track of my iPhone. But you have to be the specified distance for sure.
New Version is Garbage The new version is too quiet, and that is IF you can actually get it to ring! Lately I end up finding my keys on my own and they aren’t even making any noise despite having pages them. Tile used to be amazing but now these are just garbage. Do not waste your money.
Great for keys and phone. Not great for eyeglasses. Have these on my keys and purse and backpack. Have used it to find my car keys several times. As long as I have the app open on my phone I can use it to find my phone. To find your phone you press the tile button on your keys or whatever item you have it on that you can find...but it have to press it two times very quickly. I am a slow learner and wasn't pressing fast enough the first times I tried to use it to find my phone. My phone is usually on mute and this makes it 'ring' even when muted. I might be able to get rid of my landline now. I really need something for my eyeglasses. I tried hanging one of these off them but it interfered with my eyesight and my friends and daughter kind of tile-shamed me.
I love these but... I wish these lasted longer than a year. I use several of these, so replacing them all each year is a bit of an annoyance. I replaced a tile after having lost the prior, (go figure), and because I didn’t set it up as a replacement, I can’t delete only hide the former. The more users that have joined in the last year make it alot more valuable.
Keys never lost again! always loosing my keys and phone! love the tiles, wish they lasted longer then a year!
After Used it for A Year... Bought this cuz I often forget where I put my key and phone at home. After used it for one year, I figured I wouldn't buy anymore Tile unless there's a major upgrade to the current product. I always turn GPS and Bluetooth on and connect Tile by opening the app and leave it in the background. After a few hours when I try to find the key or the phone, it just won't ring it. When I open the app, it keep says the last time it was connected was a few hours before. What use does it possess if it just won't stay connected? Do I have to open the app every 30 mins and make sure the app is connected to the devices? Wasn't the purpose of this product to find them when you FORGOT about them?
Not reliable. I’ve been using tile for 3 years. This one does not work reliably. Not happy with it. If it doesn’t work when you need to find your keys it’s useless.
It will not work after a few months Im on my third and FINAL version of this product all three times the product stopped working after about 3 months..
Amazing product I bought this for my aunt and cousins since they’re always losing their keys. My aunt never had to worry about her kids losing their keys again
Frustrating Save your money. They’re not loud enough and often times cannot be located even when my phone is within a few feet of the tile. I found these to be frustrating.
Stops working at your 1 year anniversary. I cannot understand why so many people love this thing. Mine stopped working almost a year to the day of installing it. As soon as the anniversary date came along, I started getting notifications that it would no longer work because of the battery life. Very fishy.
Great, but These are great, however I received older models instead of the Tile Mate.
Very cool, you lose your keys use your phone to ... Very cool, you lose your keys use your phone to track, you lose your phone you can use the tile and press a button and it will make your phone ring even if it's on silent and you can locate both from a computer.
These are Original Tiles, not Tile Mates. These are not Tile Mates. They are original Tiles. The box is an original Tile box. The devices are original Tile devices. However, the sticker on the box is also mislabelled "Tile Mate".Disappointed.
This product is all hype, but no results. Just try to get in contact with a rep. Good luck... My tile works one time out of 3. Trying to use a tile with my Android has been the most frustrating experience of any product i have ever purchased. It is impossible to speak to a human being. The reps don't answer your questions or with a 2-day lead time. It has nothing to do with the personnel, but the management is a nightmare. I'm sending mine back tomorrow and NEVER want to use this again.
Happy Easy to install.
support is useless they supposed to send me a replacement and they ... Worked only for a month, support is useless they supposed to send me a replacement and they never did. so much for the warranty
Great product and customer service. I absolutely love my Tile. However, it stopped working after 3 months. I did contact the company and they are sending me a brand new one. Great product and customer service.
Helpful but awful battery life I had the Tile for two months before it quit working. Purchased at the end of April and by July 5th it was no longer connected and couldn’t ring it. Did not use the Tile very often, not sure if the battery is just bad or I if Tile just sucks. Either way, will not buy again.
Broken Does not work
Tiles have become a staple in our household! My ... Tiles have become a staple in our household! My boyfriend loses everything so these little guys are total life savers!
Not what you expect, but it works This works and is really cool, but it might not be what you expect. I keep mine in my Nintendo Switch case so that if it gets stolen, I have a chance of getting it back. However, if it's too far away from me, I would have to get lucky by having somebody else with the Tile app get close to it. It doesn't just automatically know where it is and it can't just communicate through cell phone towers to report its location.My main complaint is that I can have this thing in the middle of the kitchen, be standing right next to it, and check the Tile app on my phone, and it will say that the last update was 2 days ago. I would expect it to update about every minute. However, if I tell the app to let me know when it's seen, it doesn't take long to get an updated location.Bottom line: It works, it's cheap, and it's easy to use
Work well Parents loved them
Great peace of mind for the price I bought these for my dogs, just in case they got lost or went missing. Of course they are chipped and we dont leave them out but this has given us added security. The first tile stopped working after about a week, the others are still doing well
Do what it does To track my stuff around the house,The sound of the tile isn't so loud as i expected it to be..
GREAT PRODUCT I LOVE this product! I’m always losing my keys and my phone, this was a gift from my dad and it’s the best thing ever! I’m buying one for all of my friends.
Failed When Actually Needed I was completely sold on the original Tile, but bought 8 of these less than a year ago to replace my originals. Today, I needed to find a set of keys...and found that the app on both my iPhone and iPad had last located the keys 30 days ago. Digging further, I found that 5 of the 6 Tiles I am currently using showed the last location as anywhere from 4 to 60 days ago. What’s worse, the app could not find any of the items even though all are currently within a few feet of both my iPhone and my iPad. This is false security at its worst!UPDATE (7/18/18): I was very impressed with Tile’s customer service in response to my review. I received 5 replacement Tiles today, and have replaced all of my non-working Tiles. I have raised my review from 1 star to 3 stars because of that. I hope that these replacements work as well as my first-generation Tiles did.
Did not last Bought this for my husband, who was always losing his key. Worked well for a few months and then stopped working.
Three Stars The range of detection is small.
Yes Bought this product for my mom and she love it
Five Stars These are great, however I thought they would be slimmer. Not something you can put into a man's wallet.
this thing works great! I've already gotten my moneys worth out of this thing! As long as you are only losing your keys around the house (and it isn't a mansion), this thing works great!
Did not work out of the package As I write this review, I am awaiting a replacement order from Tile. The product I ordered was defective, and did not work brand new out of the package. Customer Service at Tile was not helpful, and I am hoping that the replacement product works as advertised. I will follow up on this review.
Can run out of batterie fast It gave out 4 months after I bought it
Five Stars These work great. SO happy i got these.
Five Stars Wish I had ordered the slimmer one, but the last time I did, I accidentally crushed it.
so good! They work great We purchased these for our daughter and son-in-law, who lose their keys, etc. fairly often. So far, so good! They work great!
hardware failures, premature expirations, poor customer service I "re-tiled" though their service after one year.a) 2 of the new tiles didn't work out of the boxb) the other 2 tiles seems to have "expired"c) they have zero customer serviceThe next generation is much worse and theyare now "monetizing" their hockey stick revenue.
Inconsistent sound. Or maybe just not loud enough? Claims to have found my keys but I can't HEAR THEM, although my tile is less than a year old. Then I get a congralutory email but still don't have my keys! Finally located them but it took a while.
Love it It’s awesome
Great for keeping track of my dog Easy to install, but came with no directions. Needed to look up online. Durable-I keep it on my dog's collar and it's been through many environments and ware, but no apparent damage. I just wish the GPS tracker was a little more specific on the phone app.
Three Stars Doesn’t have the range I needed, so I returned
Battery life is inconsistent MY first tile lasted exactly 12 months and I loved it!! I replaced it in January of 2018 with this one from amazon (the other was from Kohl’s). And by June the battery is not working, it started on April, sometimes it would work and sometimes it wouldn’t. Now it’s completely dead.
Three Stars The only downside is you have to buy every year as the battery runds out
Great, but too expensive. Got these for my mom since she cant stop losing her keys and her phone. They are overpriced in my opinion, but definitely solve some headaches for my mom.
Highly recommend. I read that for many people the battery ... These changed my life! As someone with ADD who loses everything, this saves me so much time and stress. Highly recommend. I read that for many people the battery ran out quickly, but I also read that it can be replaced- so don't get scared off. I wish I bought these sooner!!
But I find it better to just hire a full time assistant to keep ... Does not work, sometimes it works. Mostly it does not work. Even if you set the tile on your phone and select find it wont work., Other times it works. Mostly it does not work. You need a computer engineering degree and 45 years of IT training to make it run. But I find it better to just hire a full time assistant to keep my keys handy.
There customer service is terrible also. I ordered the mate 4, Not one of them paired to my Galaxy S6 or My Samsung chrome. There customer service is terrible also.
Three Stars trying to find out how to use it.
Would love to return it Worked really well for about a month, and ever since it is completely hit or miss. It is really frustrating when you are running late, can't find your keys, use your tile (for this very exact scenario) and it won't work. Constantly unpairs and does not register. Would love to return it, but waited too long.
Don’t waste your money. It’s crap. Won’t work. I got mine new and will 1/10 times work.
I want more!! These little devices are amazing, I had to have service done on my car, so the dealer had my keys. They ended up needing to transport it to their shop, I was able to see when my keys arrived there, as someone close by was also using tile. Easy to find your phone or keys if they get lost.
SOUND IS INAUDIBLE UNLESS LOST IN PLAIN SIGHT. I gave it two stars because it does get you into the proximity of the item to wich the tile is attached. In my case I have it attached to my key ring. My biggest complaint is that you cannot hear any of the multitude of sounds it offers unless the tile is out in the open. For example I left my keys in a jacket pocket that I rarely wear and hung it up in my closet. The bluetooth worked fine. However it was impossible to hear the sound until I finally searched the entire room and went through every jacket pocket. When I pulled the keys out of the pocket I could hear the tinny little sound. I have tried all combinations of the sounds offered. None of them work. Even if I lay the keys on the bed and throw a pair of jeans and a tshirt on top of the tile it is completely inaudible. Yes, my hearing is perfect. So. 2 stars because it lets you know they are "somewhere" around the proximity. A big F for finding them fast. In fact last night I was looking for them and Tile told me they were in my office. Wrong. I found them in my car.
Easy to install and use. Needs louder volume. Easy to install. A little complicated for a senior (65) to use. Not loud enough, and has no additional volume control. Needs to be louder for hard of hearing.
Pretty and easy to use Pretty and easy to use. Escpecially like the GPS ability. However, the volume of the ring is low and it's pricey. Also, battery is non-replaecable.
Received Tile Original I ordered 2 Tile Mates but received 2 Tile Original. Box was labeled Tile Mate. I’m keeping them anyway but probably order more Tile Mates from another seller.
Five Stars Tried a different key finder, came back to Tile! MUCH BETTER
Five Stars Awesome product.
Doesn’t help very much To locate my Tile using my iPhone, I need to know where my Tile is located and make sure to get real close. Then it works. Think about that...
Didn’t work I bought the tile mate and when I opened it, it wouldn’t work. I returned it immediately.
Four Stars like it but the you have to have your phone on wIfI TO WORK!
LESS THAN 3 MONTHS - STOPPED WORKING, UNABLE TO RETURN IT Less than 3 months later, the tile stopped working and I am unable to return it. Super disappointed.
My wife and can barely keep up with herself when she loses her keys this helps or find them My wife and can barely keep up with herself when she loses her keys this helps or find them
So helpful Love it!!
Five Stars works
VOLUME COULD BE LOUDER Works but the volume could be louder for recovery
Never lose your keys again! I got this for my keys after my granddaughter hid them. This works great and I recommend them to everyone.
It works!! It just works!! If you lose your keys a lot this will save your day.
Good price for all new tiles Tiles all work as they should, but we'll see if the battery lasts 1 year from the purchase date.Price ($38.06) works out to be about $9.52/tile
Just don't buy them. I've had 2 sets, they only work in very close proximity UNLESS your item is feet away, these are a JOKEDO NOT RECOMMEND
Only lasted a month Stopped working after a month....I’ve bought tile products before and been happy with them but was very disappointed this time
What a lifesaver! Amazing! I’d put one on everything if I could
Super cool! Got this from a friend, I’m always losing my keys and this plays a loud sound and helps me find them!
Works well with a catchy tone. Can find your phone from your keys and can find your keys from your phone. My roommate recommended this and it definitely worth it. Only needed to order the one since I have a phone wallet but if you need to find your wallet, get 2.
I purchased this pack to replace an old Tile and this was a better value to buy four Tiles are the bomb dot com. I purchased this pack to replace an old Tile and this was a better value to buy four.
Easy to use, worth every cent. Light Weight and Easy to use.
Five Stars perfect for pet
Helps me find items! Love the tile, helps me when I misplace my keys
Good idea. Broke one week
Tile-you’ve got to have one!!! This is the coolest little thing. It was so easy to setup and use! This is going to make great Christmas gifts this year
Just got it Love it already
DOES N OPERATE AS ADVERTISED! Product does not not work as advertised. Volume is below a whisper. If one follows set up directions it defaults to finding phone. We wanted to use to find keys. I attempted contacting toget directions on ow to make it find keys and never got a response. Worst experisn ce with Amazon in over five ears!.
Customer support is bad Product worked great so I purchased more however the second set I got does not work. Customer support does not exist.
Breaks in 2 seconds Worked for a week and immediately broke. Very disappointed with this product.
It helped me find my keys. Helped me find my keys.
? Best gift I ever got!!!!! Saves so much time looking for my phone or my keys
Love my Tile! I use this constantly to find my keys! I love it!
Works great on my drone Added to luggage, backpack, keys, and drone!Important things including car are never lost along with phone and tablet
b'Works! Does exactly what it should do- ring so my keys can be found saving me 2-5 minutes in the morning. ??'
Millions of uses. Love them. I use them for everything.
USELESS!!! Useless, only good for a foot away to here sound!! Totally USELESS!!!!
Not what I expected Not impressed with the device. Range not sufficient
Great for forgetful people Wish they where a Louder but other than that awesome product!
Works great! Anytime we can’t find his keys now Bought this for my boyfriend because he is always losing his keys /phone. Works great! Anytime we can’t find his keys now, we just use the tile and find them right away!
Garbage Activated it and placed on item. Tested and worked fine. Doesn't give exact location. Tells you when it's nearby. "Nearby" is about the area of a house. So basically it lets you know the product is in the house. If you leave your item home or at another person's house, when you get in range, you can confirm it. However, it won't bring you to where it is in the house.3 weeks after activation I decided to test it. The device has the ability to let off a chirp activated through the app. While staring at the product, the app was stating it was chirping and nearby, yet nothing was happening. I had to reset the product with the activation button for it to start chirping again.Suffice to say, the device is garbage.
I could only sync 1 out of 4 of the tiles. What the heck? I could only sync 1 out of 4 of the tiles in the pack. Am I that inept? Not sure what's wrong.
Five Stars Haven't lost my keys since
So useful Life saver
Non-replaceable battery = disposable product. I don't lose my stuff much, so I haven't had to use it yet. However, in testing it seems to work well.I prefer the Sport model as the edges are not as sharp. The Sport also rings noticeably louder than the Mate model.The Terms of Service basically says they can and will share/sell your personal data.As others have noted, Tiles are sealed and the owner cannot replace the battery. Tile only guarantees the battery for 1 year, and encourages the owner to upgrade right at the 12-month mark. Nice little revenue stream, particularly if you have more than one.
None of them Worked, they were Used and worthless. Waste of my money. Do Not purchase These new Tiles will not connect to my Phone App they give me an error message saying they are USED and not NEW. Worthless to me now.
Stopped working This was great but after a few weeks it stopped playing the sound. Now the GPS still works but for locating something in my apartment it is almost useless. The return window is closed so I’m stuck with it.
For me doest work No wifi? Doesnt work
Works for me I lose stuff all the time. I recently left my phone on a shelf in a store and was able to find exactly where I left it
Not for tracking anything outside Blue Tooth range If you are buying this to use as a tracker for your child, don't. It works pretty well in Blue Tooth range (15-20 feet) but outside of that it took 8 hours to locate the Tile using "the member community". Great for lost keys perhaps but not much else.
Love Love it
Sound from devices is loud!!! Grear product
Never worked Never worked. I haven't returned it because after Christmas time just got away from me.
Peace of mind if misplace keys Keep up with my keys and phone
Love how it rings my phone Great product
Won't work. One year ago I got two tile mates and they worked great. When it came time to reorder I did, and now less than two months later, one doesn't work at all - stopped making any sound when pushing the button and phone won't recognize it, and the other only connects half the time. what a waste of $40.
Super handy, good quality Awesome! So easy to set up and use
Love it I misplace my keys and cell phone but never at the same time it works! I can locate what’s misplaced
Doesn’t last Stopped working after three months
In Case of Squirrels Edit: The main one quit working after about 2 months. The speaker had become disconnected, it seems. So, this has proven to be a waste of money. Downgrading to a 1 star.Day 2: so far so good. Today is 6/28/18. Assuming I don’t post again, it has continued so far, so good.Put some on keys, and one on my puppers. She’s never run away, but just in case something happens like a random taunting squirrel that draws her attention out of the yard. You know how those squirrels can be.As far as my keys, they run away and hide frequently. Don’t know why, but those tiles will get used frequently. My wife won’t use hers much since her key rings are the as bulky as a small child. They don’t hide easily.
So useful. Put it in my wallet So useful. Put it in my wallet. Has saved me so much time and anxiety trying to find it.
Great for losers Awesome
Five Stars This product is great if you have a tendency to lose your phone or keys!
Replacement tiles lasted less than 6 months I bought a set of 4 Tile Mates for my husband who is always losing his keys, wallet and cell phone. The batteries lasted about a year as described. Bought 4 replacement Tiles in January and they have lasted less than 6 months. Very disappointed since the originals worked very well and I expected the same from the replacements. I don't mind spending the money to replace them once a year, but for the price, 6 months is not acceptable. Looking for a different product now that has a replaceable battery. Anyone have suggestions?
I love it! This works wonders! I love it!
DID NOT CONNECT My Tile would not connect no matter what i did. I bought it it brand new and it will not connect. Waste of money
Five Stars Lose my keys constantly and this has helped me keep track of it!
find your phone even if it’s on silent!! This product is great for unorganized people like myself. It helps me find my keys but also helps me find my phone with the nifty silver button on the tile that makes your phone go off if you push it twice EVEN IF ITS ON SILENT. I have used both features numerous times now. I’m sure I’ll be buying more soon.
worked great when it worked only lasted 2 months and pooped out
Three Stars Would be great if the batteries didn't die within a year and you can't change the batteries.
Don't recommend I don't recommend because only works in phone Bluetooth and WiFi range
Great way to toddler proof your keys Must have for anyone with a toddler. After my 15 month old threw away my keys I got this tile. The feature that lets you beep your keys from your phone has been a life saver in finding my keys when the toddler try's to hide them again.
The battery is supposed to work until 1 year. ... The battery is supposed to work until 1 year. TILE company doesn’t gives the customer the posibility to replace the battery. That’s insane !
Awesome! Excellent product!!
Great wedding party gift! So practical! Have these as a groomsmen gift and my guys loved them! Such a practical gift!
It works I really like it
You all know Tile has a battery that last for ... You all know Tile has a battery that last for a year and can be replaced with the ap right ?
GREAT PRODUCT! I’ve already used this to find my keys many times. You can also click the button from your key chain or wherever you put it, to alert you where your phone is. Even if your phones on silent it will still beep your phone! So you can find keys and also find your phone!
Great product It found my phone in the garbage that was waiting to be picked up! Life saver!
Great peace of mind Installation is easy if it works, however if not, it’s frustrating and doesn’t tell you what is wrong. But it’s awesome once it’s up and going.
No missing keys On my third year of tile......it is a life saver! No more lost keys
Five Stars Reccomendened by a friend that loses everything I've lost my wallet twice this week must have
b'Saves at least 20 minutes a day ????\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x80\xef\xb8\x8f I just used my Apple Watch to find my phone and my phone to find my keys and wallet. The Tile is seriously one of the best investments. I really need to buy more. I could put them on my dog and my kid ??'
Good Husband loves it, he is planning to buy more to put in his wallet and in other things. I’m glad his keys are now easy to find
One Star None of the tiles would activate. Junk
Oof Oof
Is not a GPS device Did not do what thought it did can’t GPS it have to wait until another registered tile user comes close
Keys! Tile is awesome, it constantly helps me find my keys.
Love it I won’t be worry about lose my keys again hahaha
Five Stars I love my Tile.
Battery is terrible, died in less than 3 months, support pages are meh. Very easy to install, and while the tile worked, it was great. However I found that it would consistently disconnect from my phone which made it a bit useless.After 2 months the battery died (received in March, battery died late may) and it was useless. Tile supposedly will provide a replacement if the battery dies in less than 1 year but I have yet to hear back from support. The tile has no battery indicator on it.Trying to find info on the support pages to troubleshoot is worthless. They assume that resetting your phone and resetting Bluetooth will magically fix everything which anyone who has worked in the tech field with Bluetooth can tell you is simply foolhardy.
That’s how much i like it. Small and sleek and fit on my ... If you don’t have one , get one ! Or more !!This have SAVED me from being late to places SO MANY times! This year i am ordering a bunch and giving them out as Christmas gifts ! That’s how much i like it. Small and sleek and fit on my keychain perfect !
Easy to use Easy to install and works as advertised.
This is a great buy! Easy to install too It has definitely made a world of a difference for us. My hubby loses his phone and keys often haha! This is a great buy! Easy to install too!
Not useful First of all, the product only last one year and then they tell you that you have to buy a new one.Second, it only works a small amount of the time. The app will tell me my keys are nearby, but they never actually ring, so how is that helpful? Obviously if they’re in my house, they’re nearby. I want to know exactly where they are, hence the need for them to ring. The ring works about 10% of the time.
Five Stars I'm constantly misplacing my phone. This is a lifesaver!
Don't waste your money. Doesn't even work. Wasted money. Wish I could rate this -10.
Easy to install Easy to set up!
Five Stars If you loose your keys as often as I do this product is a must!
I don't Know What I Would Do Without Mine I use my Tile at least twice a week and don't know what I'd do without it. I have one on my keys and two slim ones in my wallet and a journal. The ringing feature is a lifesaver!
Works perfectly To find my keys
Five Stars Great product!
Five Stars Great
Ok for household use only Only good for 150 feet. Otherwise there are not enough other members with tiles for it to be effective
WORKS GREAT - GET IT, YOU WON'T REGRET IT HUSBAND'S KEYS NO LONGER LOST IN PLAIN SIGHT.
Four Stars was a gift
Great Love it!
STOPPED WORKING JUST WHEN IT WAS SUPPOSED TO Got the 4 tile pack. Stuck one on my MacBook Pro 15 inch with touchbar. Relied on Tile to protect my ultra costly MacBook. And then the inevitable happened. I lost my MacBook yesterday. Immediately tried the Tile app on my phone. And to my horror it said last know location 15 days ago. It had been just 4 months. The batteries should have been good. But noooo, it decided to stop working. After a lot of trouble and travel of over 100 miles, I was able to find my MacBook. I tried pressing the tile button twice. No response.I would suggest put it on remote control or keys which you just need to locate if you are lazy to find.But strongly not recommended on using tout to track costly items.Had high hopes from this one. Was going to buy more tiles. Not anymore.
Five Stars Nice
I actually use it more to find my phone This thing is awesome love it!!!
One of the 4 pack is not working anymore after 3 days Just received Monday and one is already not working
AAAmazing tool for scatter brains like me! I absolutely love my Tile. For somebody like me who misplaces keys and phone constantly, it's a true life saver. My old Tile was just useful to find my keys, since I needed my phone to activate the tile on the keys. This one though has a function on the key tile and when you press that it finds your phone. Best thing ever!!
Wish it worked better. This product is great, until it's not. Then, you're screwed. I used the tile without issue for about 4 months after I purchased it in January, however, in the last 2 months I've tried to use it to find my phone by clicking the tile button on my keys, it just beeps and then gives up. I've never turned my bluetooth off - it just disconnects from my phone randomly and then I can't find my phone. Now, if I have my phone I can call the tile and find my keys no problem. It's just calling from the tile to my phone that's an issue. I wish that for the money I spent, it worked better, especially since I'm losing my phone more often than my keys (thank you, toddlers). I might buy this product again if it came down in price but as it is now, I can't spend $25-$30 ever 4 months just to help me find my phone.
Nice It’s cool
Three Stars non replaceable battery, only last a year... maybe
Wish the range was longer but u can't beat the ... Wish the range was longer but u can't beat the price if all u do is misplace your things within the house
Love! Love it! Always loosing my keys and I can alert it with my iPhone and Apple Watch !!
LOVE my tile. Oh heavens. I don’t even know what to say about my tile. I love it. However, I am also one of those people that are constantly losing their keys. Sadly, most times that I lose them are at work. When I do misplace them, it’s easy. I activate my tile on my phone and I am able to see where the last know location is or in my case I can walk around my store until I hear the little jingle they play. But, here is the cool thing...I often have my phone on vibrate. It just so happens that I can activate my tile on my keys and it will help me locate my phone. I will never be without a tile again.
I will def buy again These tiles have saved my butt many times because they are attached to my keys! They don't have a super long range but they have helped me find those keys on SEVERAL occasions so they have been a true help! You have to buy new ones after about a year of use
small, easy to use, practical I have one for myself, able to find my key using my phone or find my phone using my keys. I can also find either using alexa. I love this product so much I bought one for my dad for fathers day. Can't say enough good things about this product!
It doesn't work!!! Very disappointed with this product.
Five Stars Great product. Confusing marketing.
Does what it says it does. Bought for my Husband, who seems to lose his things more often as he ages.Works great. I wish it had real time GPS. Fits in his wallet, and has found it several times.
I use it at least once a month. When my kids have moved my stuff. I have one on my wallet, my keys, and my camera. I love almost everything about tile. I wish the battery were replaceable. A year is a great amount of time, but it seems wasteful.
Still room for competition A competitor with a user serviceable battery could blow these guys out of the water!
Oh my gosh I love this! I’m constantly losing my keys and this ... Oh my gosh I love this! I’m constantly losing my keys and this saves me from spending so much time looking for them! Highly recommend.
Great for people that put their keys in a "safe" place. I got this for my father that has Alzheimers. He was always "losing" his keys. When I say keys, I mean keys to his sheds and house. he would place them out of sight and then we couldn't find them. This is a life saver for us.
Easy setup Great
Get Your Life Back This thing is time Saver!! Love it!
Five Stars Great, small size
wonderful product. I use it to find my cat ... wonderful product. I use it to find my cat in the back yard. It has really been alot of help. I would like to see this company come out with a product that has the ability to change batterys.
Range is horrible. Gave it to husband. It was easy to set up but unless you are in the same room, maybe maybe an extra 1/2 room away from where his wallet is it does not do the locating noise. So disappointed. I was hoping for at least anywhere in the house range.
100ft of detection no further Really 100ft is as far as it detects. What a joke uf something was 100ft it would no be lost! Definitely will not recommend to anyone at all!
Three Stars the range is small. slow working...
Five Stars It’s saved me a bunch of times.
App does not work with an iPhone X This product's app does not download to an iPhone X. Interestingly, Tile tech support did not even know their app was non-operational with the X. However, they were able to recreate the download problem and promised to get back to me with an answer and a fix (4 days ago). Very disappointing that there has been no communication whatsoever from tech support. If you have a X, don't bother purchasing this product. I'm sending this back.
I love it! I don’t feel scared anymore when I ... Peace of mind! I love it! I don’t feel scared anymore when I don’t know where my phone or my keys are!!!
My boyfriend loses his wallet ALL the time. Finally ... My boyfriend loses his wallet ALL the time. Finally I don't have to hear him stressing out about it when I KNOW it's probably in the couch. The money is worth the reduced stress. We ALL lose our keys, wallet, etc. Save some time!!!
A lifesaver There is nothing I dislike about Tile. As a person who constantly misplaces car keys and house keys. This product has been my lifesaver.
Very Helpful Very helpful for me and my family, since we all lose our keys and phones often. Easy to use and small so you barely notice it
Battery life is not good and not replaceable Concept is good but battery has died on 3 out of 4 in 4 months and the 4th one keeps losing signal. Bummed.
Find your stuff fast I already have one for my keys because I used to lose them a lot. I love these things. Had to buy another for my luggage.
b'Five Stars Can\xe2\x80\x99t live without it now. Rings ur phone and ur keys??'
Four Stars Brought as a gift and haven't heard any complaints yet.
Love! Love !!!
Never waste time looking for your device again. Its always on and ready to locate my device.
Item received quickly and as advertised Took a few seconds to connect and have used several time over the past few weeks. I real time saver!
Dead in 8 months! Batteries are supposed to last a year. This is 8 months later and all 4 are dead!
Does not work I lost my keys and tried to use the tile. The Tile could not find them. The green light never came on. When I found the keys without the Tile they were less than 2 feet away in a purse. Had high hopes. Sorry I bought it.
False alarm. I admit that I have a lot of stuff in my pocket. I was surprised that when I move just right it sets off the alarm. The button is flush, but it still activates, frequently.
No phone assistance Neither phone nor tiles ring. No telephone assist.
I am in love with my tile I am in love with my tile. It finds my keys all the time. save me lots of time and anxiety
Helped me find my keys, then my phone I have some probs
Three Stars The battery is not longer 8 months , you can’t change the battery, you must buy another tile !
Tile breaks and no support It seemed like a good idea to get this product, but the tile itself broke and did not ring when called. Tile Support just redirects you to their FAQs on their website and did not solve the problem, yet they still closed the support case. Problem NOT solved.
Great! So far so for my awful memory
Four Stars I needed help setting it up.
great price. Thanks Arrived quickly, great price. Thanks!
Five Stars This is very helpful
Definitely recommend and will be giving more as gifts in the ... I didn’t think I would use this as much as I do but this little tile has saved me so many times when trying to find my keys and my phone! Definitely recommend and will be giving more as gifts in the years to come!
Life changing A life changer for our family of perpetual key and wallet users.
It interchanges with keys and phone Love the tile would like more volume but it’s great.
Limited battery life limited range and I feel that the battery life is way too short for my taste.
Piece of junk So disappointed with this product. To find your keys works ok. However, the volume is way too low and hard to hear. Finding your phone, well forget it. Has worked for me but once. I received the Key Finder for Christmas 2018.. DON'T BUY IT.....
Five Stars great for mom
Four Stars my husband really likes it and very useful
Great product Great product
It works. Omg I never thought this little thing will one day actually save me! Today I lost my entire key chain in the lunch place and I were able to use the last found place to quickly locate and recover it! Thank God!
Works without Fail I love this product. It was difficult to sync up w/my phone, but once it was, it hasn't failed me yet. I'll continue to buy this product as long as I keep misplacing my phone!
DIES SOON AFTER PURCHASE Unfortunately, I did not set up my Tiles for 6 months- out of sight, out of mind. When I did finally do so, two of the four were dead. When I tried to contact the seller, all the information to do so was gone. Let’s face it, it is my fault that I didn’t set it up, but a product of this expense should certainly work longer than 6 months, never used. DO. NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Five Stars This thing saves my life more often than I’d like to admit. Brilliant product.
The ultimate time saver for forgetful people like me... Excellent product has helped me find my keys and my phone on numerous occasions already.
Two Stars Very soft ringtone, and much softer than the original model.
Five Stars Cool
Buy Directly from Tile instead I love Tile- It's great. However, it died already- less than a year in. There is no option for a return/replacement or help since I didn't purchase directly from Tile. Tile won't help either. Major bummer.
Works great! My grandma hasn't lost her purse since!
Five Stars Works every time!!!
Five Stars Bb
Five Stars God bless this product!!!!! Havent lost my keys since!
NOT a GPS device - 30ft range! useless They optimized this thing to show up for a search of "gps tracking device" it is not. It is a bluetooth device and has a very short rangeIf you lost something with in 30 feet of you, this is GREAT.. but who needs a device to find something within 30 feet of you? Clean you room already.
It took me a while to actually make this item ... It took me a while to actually make this item function but now that it does it is interesting how it keeps for my keys. Hopefully I will not lose them again.
There have been times where I'm trying to find my ... There have been times where I'm trying to find my keys with the app and it tells me that the finder is not connected, therefore it can not find it until it's reconnected. (The finder was not out of range it was actually sitting on my breakfast table which was 4 ft from me)
Finds all your stuff - These are amazing! The airline lost our bags coming back from an international trip and Tile locates them so we could tell the airline where our bag was! I buy these for my friends and family!
Five Stars Good. Thanks amazon
Useful if you lose something inside your house like keys ... Useful if you lose something inside your house like keys or something nearby. Doesn’t really work if it’s far off.
Five Stars 
The only thing I don’t Like you have to keep your location on all the ... The only thing I don’t Like you have to keep your location on all the time . I don’t keep my on for safety reason
Tile support is great and sends replacements but you would expect them to ... We had one replace 2 because it keeps dying every 5 months. Tile support is great and sends replacements but you would expect them to last a year with no problems. Hopefully this once lasts at least a year.
Do your research Doesn't always connect when in the same house. Tried using it on my deaf dogs collar so I coyld find him when he falls asleep somewhere weird. Not what I expected.
It works, but the constant notifications get annoying. It works fine for losing track my keys, but it does not stay connected and would make my phone notify me around 5 times a month that it found my keys 2 days ago when they would be right on me in my pocket.
Buy these instead of the Style and Sport while they figure out quirks with the new versions This particular model is a little more reliable than the new Style and Sport versions as far as the Tile itself staying operable. I had problems with the other models not ringing due to structural integrity issues. It is unfortunate that Android capabilities only allow for 4 connections at a time with these. But overall, these little gadgets save me HOURS of my life a week trying to find my phone, keys, and other items pretty much every day.
One Star worked maybe once or twice without any hussle.
Activate Great!!!!
Best gift! Best thing I ever bought for myself. As a busy mom running around, the last thing I need to do is look for the last place I left my keys.
Five Stars Just make sure your Bluetooth is always on which will make the battery last less
Five Stars Awesome !!
Must Have Tool Really needed this and have used it multiple times already. Can't believe I lived so long without it. As I get older, my memory does not serve me like it once did with my keys and phone and this little tool helps a ton. Found my phone in my car once and found my keys in the bushes another time. A must have.
A little too quiet I have used this multiple times to find my keys. And my wallet. And my Switch. I just wish it was a little louder.
I wish you didn’t have to replace every year. I liked it st first but I feel like you have to replace it too often. 12 month batttry just isn’t a lot. I also have a problem when they are right next to each other sometimes it doesn’t ring. I will say the company has been great. They have replaced two tiles for us over the years that were defective.
THEY ARE ONLY GOOD FOR A YEAR. THEN YOU HAVE TO BUY NEW ONES I loved it until I found out the tiles die after a year and you have to replace them.I had two - and now they are telling me I have to buy new ones.I think there should have been a disclosure that the item was only good for a year and that you could not replace the battery.
The GPS feature is not very useful either. I find this contraption sooo frustrating. It never rings when I am looking for my keys which are often in the same room. When it decides to work it is very soft and hard to hear. I use it more in reverse to find my phone. The GPS feature is not very useful either.
I misplace my keys more then I would like to admit This is my 2nd tile mate. I misplace my keys more then I would like to admit. Works great!!
Great for people who lose everything Bought these as Christmas gifts for my husband and mother who both lose their keys and wallet all the time. I hear my husband using it to find his keys in the morning. He has complained about some glitches here and there so no perfect but works most of the time. Saves me from having to get out of bed to help him find keys an hour before my alarm.
Works but Sligtly Hard to Learn Purchased as a gift for my ADHD sister and her husband who are always losing their keys. She likes it though the learning curve was bit difficult for her despite the fact that she is a computer science student and knowledgeable about technology. If you are purchasing this for someone older be prepared to help with the initial set up.
COMPLETE WASTE!!! DO NOT BUY!! A complete waste. I got 4 tiles. I lose my keys with a tile. None of my tiles would check in for days. Then after messing with them for 30 min they finally worked. But my 400 car key and more are still lost because the tiles can’t check in for what ever reason. Support can’t do anything but tell you what you already see. A COMPLETE JOKE!! Stay away!!!
Got it the next day after ordering and super simple to program Got it the next day after ordering and super simple to program. I loose my car keys at least 2x a month so this is going to be super handy for me.
Very unreliable after a few months. Not as good as the product they replaced. Time for a new solution. I've got young kids, so my keys and other small objects tend to wander off rather frequently. I'd used the original tile and was very satisfied with that product - it worked well and I never really had a problem with it. When the battery died, I figured I would just get the new Tile Mate. Big mistake.After a few months, the ringtone simply stops working - the app will say that it is ringing the device, but the Tile Mate will emit no noise whatsoever. Utterly useless - a complete waste of time and money.
Five Stars Saved me a few times already!
Five Stars These were great gifts.
must have this has saved my husband numerous hours and times in the morning and at work looking for his work keys! so happy i got this for him
Five Stars Definitely recommend
Great idea, but my husbands battery already died and ... Great idea, but my husbands battery already died and it was a Christmas present (6 mo ago). Expensive for short term use... :(
Three Stars Needs time to find phone\keys, battery lasts only for couple months
Must buy! Love this! Actually had to use it to find my keys. Yes! Let me right to them.
Two Stars generally can’t find anything even from a few feet away.
One Star Did not work or track correctly, returned yet did not receive credit
Three Stars Battery doesn't last long enough
I love Tile Mate and I give it 4 stars because ... I love Tile Mate and I give it 4 stars because it keep using the street behind me as my location. It also make me a bit concerned about its accuracy because I have entered my address within the app.
Works as advertised. Doesn't work an all smart phones. Check your phone before purchase. Works as advertised. I don't often lose my keys and phone at the same time so this is a handy little item for one helping me find the other. Wish it were louder when locating keys though. Also wish it worked on my son's smart phone. I don't remember the make/model. Howevver, all of the others worked on his family's phones. I don't know how long the battery lasts, I guess it depends on how often you have to use it, but it is well worth the price.
your AirPods will unable to hear anything even if you reset your AirPods unless you turn your Apple Watch to airplane mode which is a very stupid action but it works This product should be what it describes. Everything works well except one important thing you will just realize one year later. Tile will interference with your AirPods + Apple Watch. When you receive phone call or FaceTime, your AirPods will unable to hear anything even if you reset your AirPods unless you turn your Apple Watch to airplane mode which is a very stupid action but it works. Tile will also cause your AirPods connection problem with your AppleTV, your AirPods will barely hear anything sometimes if you connect AirPods to the Apple TV.Finally, after one year, Tile expired and I also decide to turn Tile function off, remove Tile app from my iPhone. Then, all the problem I describe in previous paragraph solved. No problem when pick up phone or pick up FaceTime call, no problem when I use my AirPods to watch Apple TV.Not worth spend money to find the stuff which cause Apple Ecosystem fail function. I do not recommend this product.
Five Stars Wonderful life saver
Five Stars This is very useful
That's truly lame. Don't buy "Tile’s non-replaceable battery will last one year with zero charging required. After a year, you can replace your old Tiles with new ones for a special community-member price." Say what?!I wish I had read that in their description before placing my order! Too late to return now...I was naive thinking that anyone selling an electronic nowadays would let you recharge it or at least replace a battery. So this thing wont work after a year and I'll have to get a new one? That's truly lame. Don't buy...find something else. What a waste of money.
So so helpful You will be able to find your house keys you dropped under your car seat in minutes instead of ransacking your office for hours. 10/10 would recommend to a friend
Unreliable Only works sporadically... too unreliable. Connection couldn't be maintained for more than a few seconds... keys could be found when in the same room. Couldn't get refund through Amazon but was able to get a new Tile through Tile.com. We'll see if it performs better.
Use mine for my wallet that I always lose ... GREAT I hate to admit that I lose my wallet so often but I put mine in there and now I find it when it is missing! Yay!
Five Stars Used one for myself and shared the rest with my friends
Works great. Granddaughter bought this for her mother for mothers ... Works great. Granddaughter bought this for her mother for mothers day because she always puts her keys down and can never find them
It allows him to track his keys via GPS very easily! Bought this for my partner because he loses his keys a lot! I wish I would have bought this for him sooner. It allows him to track his keys via GPS very easily!
This is a great concept and tool This is a great concept and tool. I bought it because of the really good independent reviews. I bought the 4-pack. Unfortunately 1 of the Tiles stopped working just days after I activated. So basically I paid for 4 Tiles but only have 3 usable Tiles. :(
Don’t waste your money, tile does not work. I bought these to put on our keys when my daughter lost her third set of car keys. We had it about 1 week when she lost her keys again. This never tracked the keys nor did it ever make a sound. It turned out her keys had fallen into a laundry basket full of clothes right next to where she was sitting, however the darn thing never did reveal its location at all. I should have just taken the money this piece of junk cost me and put it in a cookie jar to save up for the next set of replacement keys we will need made, it would have been a better use of my money.
Great gadget I bought this as a gift for my other half after I got one from my work. We both love this product and have found it super useful. I love that I can use the tile to find my phone!
Avoid. Save your money. Put me in the "crap" column. Works about half of the time and one just failed a few months in for no reason and they will not support their product. Avoid! I wish there was a better alternative available barbecue this one isn't it!
Awesome for finding things close by Great for finding items close by. I had left my keys in Atlantic City. At the Tropicana, and after 4 days, no one passed by them who had the app. The tile was still very useful because it told me where it last saw them. Also you can make the tile make noise, and using any tile paired with your phone. You can make the tile ring your phone. Pretty awesome, just wish more people had the app.
When you don’t have a lot of time to find ... When you don’t have a lot of time to find your keys, the tile is a life saver.
Helps With People Who Forget Where They Place Thingd I’m always either losing my phone or keys, so this really helps to find both.
Five Stars Excellent
Saved by the tile The tile mate has saved me a few times when needing to get places but can’t remember where I put my keys or wallet.
My wife got me this for a present and it ... My wife got me this for a present and it was a neat surprise! After a week or 2 I began to rely on it to help my find my keys and/or phone but unfortunately it only worked about a month or 2 :(
My wife loves this thing and says it has saved ... My wife loves this thing and says it has saved her hours not searching for her phone or keys.
Product missing/ stolen I received a box that was open without a tile in it.
Sweet deal Was way more expensive in the stores and thisWorks great bc I’m always losing either my keys or my phone.
Something has changed in the last year, nowhere near as reliable and useful as they used to be. I've been using Tile devices since the originals came out. For a while things were OK, but in the last 12 months or so, the reliability of these has been very poor. Now part of this has to do with the fact that these devices pair with your phone via Bluetooth - and bluetooth only works to about 30 feet. But even with that limitation in mind, like many other reviewers, I constantly get the "phone is literally next to the Tile device, but the phone can't find it" problem. This was NOT typical of older tiles. A more recent - and even worse - problem is that the Tile app finds the Tile tag, and claims it is playing a sound, and there's no sound at all coming out of the device. But - by far - the worst problem is the behavior where the app seems to in some kind of contact with the Tile tag, but there's a perpetually spinning circle as it is "locating" the tag - but it never makes the connection. The standard Tile support response can be boiled down to: "Reboot your phone, and see what happens after a few minutes." Note that this does not actually solve the problem, but it does make you wonder why you spent $500 on a collection of Tile tags if they don't actually work most of the time.The degradation in overall quality and customer experience is startling, as I was a big fan of these devices for a while, and I have a considerable investment in quite a few of the Tile tags. But now, as they gradually die off, I'm not replacing them. I'm just trying to be more careful with my stuff :)
Five Stars Awesome-I can find my keys, the TV remote, my purse & my phone.
DO NOT BUY-*- JUNK These quit working 4 months after I bought them. I would honestly give these 0 stars or less. Total crap that even before they quit working altogether was still sporadic.
Get one, maybe four. Absolutely adore this little gadget. It has saved my stuff and my mind too many times to count. I highly recommend it to all my friends and family. I love the large community so if i do truly loose something? They find it usually within a matter of hours. I have one for my keys and one for my walle and one for my bag. I get the 4 pack so incase I ever need something else tagged I have it or if one suddenly goes bad? I have a back up since the batteries don't drain out if they've never been used :)
Worked great until I needed it Worked great until I needed it. Then it wouldn't connect. It costantly made a quiet clicking sound. Contacted support and they sent me a new one. So far it works fine.
One Star big bull sh...
One Star Lasted less than 2 months time until completely dying and not coming back on
ADHD best $20 I have ever spent This is great first of all when you misplace something in a big way like leave it on a bus or in a museum it can be found because of other users. But from a day to day stand point it relive anxiety and stress of where did I put my key looking for them is making me late for work. Since I have both adhd and anxiet I miss lay my keys a lot and looking for them can trigger an anxiety attack that will follow me all day this way I look for a minute or too flip open the app and listen The Bluetooth has work for me from different floors outside to in and even through the bottom of the kids toybox (not my fault that time) I chirp them 2-3 times a week and the batteries Have last over a year on both. I have a lot of keys between my job home/families and when you add the cost of replacement it is more than $20 so if this will save you even once it will pay for its self. But how often do we loss things that seriously. Where as even the best of us mislay stuff and have to go hunting it down which at best is inconvenience and tiresome at worst makes you late for stuff and can ruin you Hole day. Great for keys Tv remotes inhaler and any other random tiny yet important stuff we tend to put in odd spots.
Five Stars Bought it for a friend who ALWAYS looses her car keys and she loves it. Says it really works
Great for forgetful parents / grandparents! Got this for my aging Dad who is always forgetting things!
Peace of mind - App needs work I really love this thing. Gives me peace of mind after losing my key and paying a $100 replacement fee. App is not user friendly, though. I knew my key was in my apartment somewhere and could not get the app to ring the tile. Good product, but needs some work.
Fantastic - Never lose things again! I can always find my keys when I've misplace them, and vice versa with my cell phone! Wish I could afford several more!!
Five Stars Interesting
Three Stars I ordered this in April 2018 and it worked great at first. It is supposed to work for 12 mos. It is July and it has already completely stopped working. I can not see anyway to change a battery. I am extremely unhappy at the lack of longevity as I have only been using it for 3 months. .I only had it for 2 months when it quit working. Unfortunately it was only eligible for return for 1 month. I would not buy this item again.
Not what I'd hoped for. I bought this for my daughter after she'd lost her keys, wallet and driver's permit all on a lanyard. After reading the instructions carefully and doing more online research, I discovered that the only real way this works well is if everyone with a cell phone has the app run running and has an account.There's no GPS locator, it pings off cell phones that have the app running and an account setup. So living in a 12,000 person town means this is incredibly unlikely.I will say, I put a tile on my own car keys, couldn't find them in my bag, questioned where I'd put them, turned on the app and found my keys yelping at the bottom of my dark bag. Worth it? Probably not. Really only helpful finding things you know are nearby but can't see. If it was stolen or left somewhere, it's a hope and prayer the app/tile will find it.
waste of money it just work one time and then not anymore, I didn't notice until it was too late to return it. is a danger to trust in this . and a waste of money,
I don’t know how it got so many good review. It is completely This thing is a complete piece of junk. Never finds my key. Sometimes it claims that my keys are not around, but when I found them, they were literally 5 feet away. Also the sound it makes is way too low to hear, so if you have your keys in your pocket of a jacket for example, there is no way you can hear it ring.I don’t know how it got so many good review. It is completely useless
Five Stars Simple to use and so useful
I'd probably still buy it its okay. It works but bluetooth has to be on and the range doesn't seem to be very far. probably 3.5 stars.
Four Stars These made wonderful gift!
the little jingle it plays while finding your wallet is amazing. Sometimes I push "find" just to hear the ... I lost my wallet a couple of times before my husband bought this for me. LIFE SAVER!! I had it attached to the outside of one wallet, on the key ring, but switched wallets and it fits perfectly in the coin purse slot thing. PLUS, the little jingle it plays while finding your wallet is amazing. Sometimes I push "find" just to hear the jingle.
Don't buy.. Useless app I have not been able to use this item.. The app doesn't allow me to log in or sign up..! Very buggy.. It's literally a 20$ piece of plastic at this point
Love this one so much that I upgraded to the ... Love this one so much that I upgraded to the Tile Mate when the "battery died after a year." The tile mate that I bought at the same time also claimed to have a battery life of 1 year, but I decided not to replace it and the battery is still just fine. I'd wait a little while before replacing this after just a year if you can handle the constant "replace your battery" notices when you open the app.
Other brands work better. Tile= terrible customer support. BUY A NUT TRACKER NOT A TILE. I have had this Tile for roughly 4 months and I’m incredibly disappointed. If a Tile customer support person reads this PLEASE CONTACT ME. I never write reviews, but this product is so bad that you need to know not to buy it. Why?1. The ‘find me’ noise is whisper quiet. The online customer support page says the volume should be adjustable, it’s not.2. Today I lost my iPhone. I tried to use my Tile to find the phone. My Tile said the phone was ‘out of range.’ The phone was in a pocket less than 10 feet away.3. I’ve followed the online customer support options several times. No luck. I can’t find phone number where I can talk to a real human being anywhere.*For Christmas 2016 my mom gave me a Nut brand Key tracker. My Nut tracker lasted over. Year. It always made a loud enough noise to be able to find it. I switched to a Tile because I heard they are better. If you lose you’re keys all the time, buy a Nut.
Okay Worked well only for 4 months, now it failed to work when needed. Should have a guarantee.
Five Stars can't live without my tiles
Good luck. If what you are looking for is in the palm of your hand it will find it. Otherwise.... Good luck.
Two Stars Good, but one of the tiles i bought died out before i even activated it.
Works as promised, but read the TOS / privacy ... Works as promised, but read the TOS / privacy policy. Basically, you are selling your privacy and agreeing to be tracked 24/7 by this company and the datelining/marketing companies Tile sells your information to. No thanks.
Tile and Tile Company.....always unable to find! Never worked. They make it impossible to contact them. DOES NOT WORK!
The tile lasted for about 60 days and then just ... The tile lasted for about 60 days and then just stopped tracking..I deleted and restarted the device and app to no luck..
Four Stars works well
Accurate! Amazingly accurate, the best feature is this device, when linked to your phone, will force your phone to make a sound even when on silent mode.
DIS SATISFIED When I first purchased this it worked great! But now it no longer works at all. Very disappointed!!!
Love it!!  Genius! I love this thing. I lose my phone and keys constantly. It was super easy to set up and works just as promised. Wish the battery was replaceable.... sucks to know I’ll have to buy another one in a year, but I still think it’s worth it. My only real complaint is the price went up and I want to buy another one for my husbands keys.....
One Star Didn't work!
Not dependable. After less than a month the one for my keys stopped working with the noise to find them. I neeeed that function! And the tile network doesn't work like I had hoped. My item travelled 80 miles away and was gone over a whole weekend, and in that time not one other user was close enough for it to register.
Not reliable enough As many reviewers have noted, while the concept is nice the execution is sorely lacking. Within two weeks of setting up 2 tiles, they stopped working. All of the troubleshooting advice hasn't helped. Cycling bluetooth, cycling phone, and trying to re-add the tiles only results in the spinning green circle.If you're into troubleshooting tech then maybe you can keep these things working, but for the average user I'd stay far away. There's no way I'd recommend these to my parents for instance - just too much messing about to get it to work.
I use my tile more than I'd like to admit! I keep buying these - one for my keys, one for the wallet, one for my sunglasses, and another for my cat! No more long delays while I frantically search for …. whatever! And no more forgotten sunglasses at the restaurant.
One Star Would not work for me
Useless! DO NOT BUY!! Apparently needs "reconnection" every time you leave the range for the tile. Not worth any price!I have two barn cats, so I wanted to have a better way to see if they were in the barn when I shut the door at night. I received the Tile Mate today and activated it without any problem. I put it on the cat collar, checked the app, saw it was working, and went back inside. A short time later, I decided to check out the Tile. When I got to the barn, it said it was out of range...yet the cat was right at my feet with the Tile still on her collar. (Picture shows iPhone with message by cat/Tile.)Checking the Tile website, it says to make sure the app is updated (which it should be, considering I had just download it that day) and that problems may arise if you have it connected to multiple devices (which I did not). Another option was to turn bluetooth off and then back on (didn't work). A final suggestion was to turn off your phone for two minutes and then turn it back on. Finally, it worked. To see if it was a one-time thing, I went inside for a short time, and then back outside. Yet again, it said my Tile was out of range when the cat/Tile were right by my feet.The entire time this was going on, I also had cat #2's Tile sitting on a shelf in the barn, waiting to go on that cat. It had the same problems, so I can eliminate the issue as a result of any damage done from cat #1 wearing her Tile.*Update: I did find that the Tile works with my iPad but not my iPhone. Range seems to be relatively low outside—approximately 25 feet.
I did not receive what was shown in the photo. The item I received was not what is pictured here. I ended up with the original version of the tile, not the new one shown in this photo. A little disappointing, but the product still worked as intended.
Five Stars WORKS GREAT
BEWARE The wallet finding function works fine. But the find your phone function RARELY works. I don't know about you but I misplace my phone a lot more than I misplaced my wallet. Very disappointed if I had known this in advance I wouldn't have bought it of course. Any suggestions
Five Stars Great Product! Loved how fast I received it!
Minor flaws When it works, it's awesome. However yesterday, my kids had my car keys and lost them in the house. I searched everywhere. I tried to use Tile and it said that I didn't have another device registered to my account. Even though I had used the Tile Mate on my key a few times to test it out. I spent all day looking for them (only to find them in a weird fold inside the couch) but could not use the Tile Mate. If the hurricane had been a real threat, I hate to think of what may have happened.
Doesn’t always ring when in range This one doesn’t always ring when I press ‘find’ on my phone app. I’m well within range. I bought this in January. The battery is supposed to last a year. Others I’ve bought in the past lasted a bit longer and I had no trouble with them.
to soft of a ring and it never helps me ... to soft of a ring and it never helps me find my phone and if i am not next to it can barely hear it
I have kids and didn't want a pull out battery and this works great. It does go off sometimes when my keys ... THANK YOU!!! if you lose your keys or phone or something buy this. I have kids and didn't want a pull out battery and this works great. It does go off sometimes when my keys are positioned weird in my pocket...I call it test mode. I did accidentally turn off the Bluetooth on my phone and couldnt find it though. Not their fault though.
Four Stars This is a very helpful device but it was a little difficult to figure out.
Product came Used!!! It came burnt out and used i am really annoyed..I need a refund or a new one back for my money spent...totally dissatisfied and disgusted. customer.. And to top it all off it's as dead as a door nail it did not work
But it doesn't work like I had thought it would I bought this so I can locate my mom's phone when she loses it. But it doesn't work like I had thought it would.
Works like a charm. This was a gift for a mother that has to wrangle children out of the house.Ain't nobody got time to find the keys when you've got chilluns.
Product didn't work When I bought the product it was already installed, so it didn't work.
Tile was previously activated and now useless to me. Three of the tiles worked as expected and even though we've only had them for a couple days, I'm liking them. However, when I went to setup the 4th Tile, the app told me that the tile had been previously activated. I don't know how that could be but Tile says on their website that you can't change the ownership of a tile once it is set. So basically this tile is useless, and potentially someone else will be able to track where it is. Not a good thought. I'm tempted to send them all back. Not impressed.
Five Stars Very useful and helpful. Great invention
It’s great peace of mind and I’m very quickly able to ... I use this to keep track of my beagle who has a tendency of slipping out of doors and out of the fenced in yard. It’s great peace of mind and I’m very quickly able to find out who in the neighborhood he’s decided to visit this time.
Nope, It didn't do as stated Product was not fully as described, Do not buy if you wish to track your pet or child for safety.
I had a newer version and when the battery died ... I had a newer version and when the battery died I purchased this one because it was inexpensive. It hardly ever works so it is only sometimes helpful!
what is lost, now is found. Lifestyle saver. Gift to be and daughter. Too bad no recharger
Four Stars Doesn’t always work when I click the Tile button.
Sometimes it works. Sometimes it doesn't. Doesn't always work.
Nonfunctional after a few months I bought a pack of 4 for my family. One stopped working after just a few months and I've been unable to reach customer service. It's pretty frustrating thinking you can rely on the product only to find out after 5 hours of searching that it doesn't work.
Distance maximum???? Bought it for my sister's birthday since she always looses her keys. So far so good, just that every now and then it wont let you use the find feature
This is a great tool for finding things This is a great tool for finding things. It’s also a great deal if you find it on sale for 4/40 bucks which is what I did, twice.
One Star One month in and sounds finder doesn’t work.
While I am pretty sure it might have been solvable with a little ... Followed instructions for set up to the letter. Bluetooth could not be found. While I am pretty sure it might have been solvable with a little human help that they say the provide until 6 pacific. I texted at 3 pacific and got the automated response that they were not available after 6. Not wishing to get involved in some catch-22 action I returned. I have zero tolerance for tech companies that can’t even manage the technology basic to business.
Four Stars Radius for location is too small
such a great buy and totally worth it This thing has paid for itself in the times I've used it to find my lost keys. App works perfectly on my phone, such a great buy and totally worth it!
Five Stars works great
I threw it in the garbage. Just simply doesn't work reliably. Was hit or miss, more miss than hit. When looking for my keys or phone, hit or miss doesn't justify a battery draining app and a fat ugly key chain. I threw it in the garbage.
battery died after only 3 months! I've only had this Tile Mate for 3 months and already the battery has died. it was great when it worked but disappointed it is now dead and if i want another one I will have to pay and hope it lasts longer.... :(
Really helps you find the missing object Does what it says it will do! Will help you find your keys or whatever. Use this before you waste 30 minutes looking on your own. Even found keys in the refrigerator.
Dumbest Thing I'm shocked by the battery, nonchargeable and non-replaceable? lol, what the hack is this thing?
Empty tile! it' a fake tile! I had odered 4packs and receieved that with happy mind. However Only two tiles run other two tile could not run. At first I thought there were not beattery, As soo as I opened one tile to change battery, but I very very suprised . There were not battery and anything in tile. it is just Fake tile. How can you do that? Please answer me !!
My phone only was able to locate the tile when ... My phone only was able to locate the tile when I’m a few feet In Range of it , I thought I would be able to locate the tile no matter the Tiles location of the tile connects to WiFi
It works great to find my keys It works great to find my keys!!!! But, it doesn't work to find my phone. It worked once, but now it doesn't.
What a waste of money Got this as a replacement for my original tiles. They stopped working after 4 months. What a waste of money.
More cons than pros & warranty is useless; it does work, but has a lot of limitations We are constantly losing keys around our house. I have tried several products that promise to help find lost items but they either weren't reliable or flat out didn't work, so I was willing to try Tile despite my misgivings about their privacy policy. It worked OK in the beginning but less than 6 months after purchasing, it has died (not sure if it's the unit itself or the battery). In contacting Tile about the warranty, all I got a canned response about things to try so that's pretty useless. I'm not impressed with the durability, their privacy policy is, as other posters have pointed out, extremely invasive, and you have to be within bluetooth range to find what you lost. Yes, it does pinpoint the last location but that means having privacy policy set to always allow location, which means even more data for Tile to collect on me and sell to marketers and advertisers. I'm off to find alternatives.
Such an awesome buy, you won’t regret it! Hands down, the best thing I have ever purchased. I tend to be in such a rush to get out of the door, and in those moneys it seems I always lose my phone/keys. This IS SO HELPFUL! I never have to worry about misplacing my stuff again! I LOVE MY TILE! Will be purchasing for my family/friends!
Five Stars helped me more than once over the year. This purchase was an update
When it works, it's a timesaver I have bought many packs of Tile Mates for myself and to give as gifts. My own experience has been spotty. Sometimes, I just can't get the Tile to "pair" with my phone - it just spins and spins and spins. Often, when I do a search on my phone, the Tile on my keys doesn't ring, even if the Tile is right next to my phone. (However, if I press the Tile on my keys, my phone always rings.) Another time, the Tile Mate was a lifesaver when I misplaced my keys while on vacation in Arizona and would probably not have found them if it hadn't been for the Tile Mate. I just noticed today that there is a discount for returning Tile Mates whose batteries have died. I haven't taken advantage of that but will. I think this product has a lot of potential and just needs some fine-tuning.
Battery lasts about a month Battery died within a month, got a replacement, and it lasted 5 weeks
I am super bad about setting my keys down in the house ... I am super bad about setting my keys down in the house in random places then being unable to find them later on - - I've only had this TILE a short time and it's already saved me time and worry
Good buy made Christmas shopping easy I brought one for every adult in my family good inexpensive useful gift. Helps finds keys and people. I put one on my elderly grandma that liked to wonder while shopping. We found her!!
Company got greedy Works as described. Unfortunately, the manufacturer drastically raised the price the following week. The thing is only worth ten bucks. I would have bought about 20 more, but not at the inflated price. There are others much cheaper.
Five Stars Love tile! Life safe, it saves you time looking for keys! Especially when you have kids
Five Stars Good
Five Stars Has come in handy several times,, on my key chain.
Very easy to use Very easy to use. Gives me peace of mind that I can find my things. Thinking of buying for my parents and in laws. Haha.
Battery died in 3 months Battery died in 3 months and they wanted to charge me for the replacements.
One Star Came only 1 tile mate, is not a pack of 10 :(
Five Stars This product is genius as I am forever losing my keys!
Five Stars Works as advertized
Easy to set up Works as advertised. Easy to set up. Easy to operate.
Tile Mate Finder an absolute must have. Absolutely love it I bought it for my daughter Apple earpods, thank goodness we've only had to use it a few times but both times was an absolute lifesaver. Highly recommend
opened up the package and everything looks neat and nice with instruction Just got my delivery, opened up the package and everything looks neat and nice with instruction. But missing the tile... They literally just sent me the box without the product...
They were gifts.. They seem to be working well. I gave them as gifts and no one is complaining. They look just like the pack I purchased from Tile and hopefully work just as well.
Lost keys finder If you are one if those people that loses your keys a lot, this gift is for you. You can also attach this to something else that you lose sometimes. Great gift for elderly oeople.
Three Stars Battery lasted three months
Only one worked - 3/4 broken! I like Tiles, and have bought this four-pack before, but this time only one worked - 3/4 would not pair!I should've returned them immediately, but thought it must be my fault, I'll try again later. I waited a few days too long, past the return period, and they still didn't work. Even tried pairing with another phone, no luck. The Tiles go into pairing mode, but will not join any phone.What a waste!
Defective or battery was dead upon arrival Unfortunately the item arrived and does not work, will not turn on. To activate you push the button, but apparently the item is either defective or it's been sitting in Amazon's warehouse so long the battery already died. Pretty annoying to buy a product and immediately have to go through the hassle of returning.
Useful, but do not depend on it. I purchased 5 Tile Mate's and 2 Tile Slims. Contrary to the guarantee, none have lasted a year and some have lasted no more than 5 months. Minor issue if the battery is replaceable, big issue if it is not.Also, they periodically loose connection (the can not be located even when it is sitting on the phone) and have to be reconnected. Usually I find out about this when the something I want to find is lost. Not sure if the time saved looking for lost things balances time lost messing with the tiles. So one star for the product and I'm looking at other products.Giving them a second star for their service, (so far) they have replaced the defective tiles.
Two Stars Battery died on one in the first week
Its really cool and for the price I was blown I don't really write reviews but damn. I didn't look at all the stuff this thing does. I thought it was just something you could wirelessly track things with, but it is really hi-tech. it can make you phone play a unique beep tone even on silent if you are unable to find it, and you can also make the device beep from your phone. Its really cool and for the price I was blown away
Five Stars Works good
Five Stars Works great and I haven’t lost my keys since adding a tile to the key ring!
Worthless softwear and hardwear. Was not impressed on the functionality of the unit. Never could make it ring, always said it was in another place. Worst of all it would ring constantly and never stop with the push of the button. Wouldn't recommend to anyone or buy again.
Buyer beware. Tile came preactivated, can't do anything with it...
Five Stars great
It's useless now. The speaker in my tile stopped working after 2 weeks. It's useless now.
Great if you lose your stuff Works awesome will buy more
filthy, used, unusable piece of trash, only $14.00++ down the drain... I received a filthy, dirty, used, already activated/unusable piece of junk with the tile logo worn off - worthless. Now I have to waste my time and money packaging, labeling, and driving to ups store sending this trash back.
Three Stars Weird
Beware! Privacy issues Beware! Tile wants to access your contacts and every other bit of information about you!The app is awful. Lost my keys and it took 2 hours to figure out how to activate the app which previously had been simple.
One Star It doesnt work.
Keeps losing connection to my iPhone. It keeps losing connection to my phone, so it's never alerted me that I walked away from my phone.
and loved it so much I bought one for my fiance I received one of these as a Christmas gift, and loved it so much I bought one for my fiance. Just be sure to keep your bluetooth on at all times so the app can always detect where your tile is.
Must have... Saved my behind more than once!
I liked the product at first I liked the product at first, but after little use--and in less than two months--the battery died.If the battery dies so quickly, and without warning, the product is pretty useless.
Wasn't sure I'd like this, but I can't live without it Wasn't sure I'd like this, but I can't live without it. The only thing I wish is that I didn't touch the tile so much on my keychain. It makes my phone go off wherever it is. lol.
Great Product Great product for someone who loses things a lot haha
This is a BETA version!! Liked the concept. Didn't realize it would be a beta version meaning a few bugs.
This product is amazing. Makes finding keys / phone so easy This product is amazing. Makes finding keys / phone so easy !!
Keychain Ornament The Tile is so light and easy to use than any other keychain ornament I have had. I barely remember that it is there. The setup to link the Tile to my phone was quick and easy.I have yet to lose my keys since I purchased the Tile but I have strong confidence that when I do, the Tile will do its job right.
These are awesome and you NEED them Put one on my Key, one inside my wallet, one on my Pet Dog, and gave the last one to my grandma. Setting it up was Ez Pz
Gifted this for Christmas and they absolutely love it! They lost their keys at a train ... Life saver! Gifted this for Christmas and they absolutely love it! They lost their keys at a train station and was able to track it down.
Don’t pick up unless your right up on it and ... Don’t pick up unless your right up on it and sound is low. Can’t hear when your standing right next to it and it’s shut in the car
Horrible product. None of the tips online worked or ... Never worked! Horrible product. None of the tips online worked or corrected problem.
Four Stars These feel pretty flimsy, but I haven't broken one yet. I also haven't lost my keys.
I LOVE this product I LOVE this product. My battery died and I desperately need to replace it. You don't realize how often you would use it until you have it and need it!
and not terribly sturdy. Doesn't really work all that well, and not terribly sturdy.
Five Stars BEST MONEY I EVER SPENT!
Five Stars Faster delivery then was noted. Very happy
Five Stars will save me lots of time and irritation.
Five Stars love my tile. will buy additional ones for the familey.
I really like it. located missing keys several times. I really like it.
Amazing. To all the guys out there whos wife/girlfriend ... This. Thing. Is. Amazing. To all the guys out there whos wife/girlfriend says "WHERE ARE MY KEYS?!" or "WHERE IS MY PHONE?!" When she is running late. Buy this little life saver now. Itll fix your problems, but more importantly hers.
Don’t bother I wouldn’t buy it again. Sound is not loud enough to hear. No way you could find an item under a thick jacket for example.
Poor support if you have trouble. Bought it and it sort-of worked on a Galaxy S9+ but help line is really quite poor - only chat available; clicking on the Support link at TILE gave me a message that I typed the address incorrectly. Plainly, their support system is not ready for prime time.
One Star Stopped working after I’ve had it for 2-3 months. Don’t buy
Five Stars Got for mother’s day perfect gift
Does not actually do what I bought it for I got it primarily for when I lose my phone and want to ring it from the tile. Not only do you have to leave the app running in the background at all times (annoying battery killer) for this to theoretically work, but even then it does not even work unless you just recently close out and reopen the app. So basically for my purposes it is useless. If you use it to find your keys FROM your phone it might be useful, but I don’t need it for that.
They don’t actually find the tiles or make a sound ... They don’t actually find the tiles or make a sound if you want it to. Not helpful at all.
Five Stars Love it!! Fast service and excellent quality.
love them, work just as advertised This is our third one we have bought, love them, work just as advertised. My dad received a different off brand similar product as a gift and I was able to compare the two, the Tile was by far much easier to use (the app especially). My dad never could figure out the other one he got (not sure the brand, it was green and kind of circular), so he ended up tossing it. I told him he should try a Tile, they just work.
Zero out of 4 work! My four pack arrived and none will activate. One says it was already activated and the others don’t work at all. How disappointing! I will be returning this and looking at other options!
Five Stars This is amazing, I’ll never lose my keys again
Not worth the money. So if you have to reset your phone for any reason, you will have to get an act of Congress to get these working again. Also, my husband had his attached to his keys and while he was at work, the phone finder button would be pressed all the time while the keys were in his pocket. Once he did actually misplace his wallet (where there was a tile) and when he tried to use the app to find it the last known location was 2 days ago and couldn’t connect to find.
I bought 2 tiles to try on key rings that ... I bought 2 tiles to try on key rings that were always getting misplaced. After 4 months one of the tiles quit working. I would have thought the battery would have lasted longer than that. Now the other tile has quit working. What's up with that?
Within Bluetooth range Only Stopped working within days. Didn’t work outside of Bluetooth range.
One Star Does not work when too few in my neighborhood have it.
Five Stars Works perfect to find my keys
Five Stars very good
Do not last Great when it works but does not always find your phone and does not always connect to your phone. In the beginning I was very please but after a year my tile died. I bought a pack of them when I tried to replace the dead one with one from the pack it also didn’t work even know it was never used.
One Star Stopped working after 1 month.
Second day of having it and my connected tile will ... Second day of having it and my connected tile will not ring, but I ring my phone with the same connected tile. Tried to contact them and it wouldn't let me.Finally able to contact them and they sent me a new tile
One of the Tiles didn’t work for long These tiles aren’t a great idea and we love them, but one of the tiles stopped working after a week
Hello Tile, goodbye phone battery. Hello Tile, goodbye phone battery. Within an hour of installing app and synching tiles my previously full battery went dead. Uninstalled app and battery life came back. Even their live chat does not work right. It disappears on screen.
Not All Of The Tiles Work Only two of my four tiles worked....two of them said they have been “previously activated.” I tried to troubleshoot, tried to activate one tile at a time in a completely different room from the other tiles, still received the “previously activated” message. Highly disappointed.
Five Stars Works just as advertised, very simplistic design and comes in handy.
They get the job done. We enjoy these little trackers. They work very well.
One Star There is no geo fence feature in the application. What? Bummer.
Im really upset with this limited useless product. I lost my female cat 4says ago Im really upset with this limited useless product. I lost my female cat 4says ago. This limited device was useless locating her. Please never buy this product to track your cat down unless you’re ok with the outcome. Buy a real GPS. It cost more yet you’ll be grateful you did that investment. Never buying this product again. Totally useless for pet tracking. Don’t believe any of the comments here from people using it for pet tracking system.
Five Stars A great device. Found my car keys in nothing flat last night.
these are nice to have. they are useful These are nice to have, I wish the battery lasted longer but Tile has a trade in program.
Awesome product! Awesome product!! I put one Tile on my keychain and used to others in our luggage when we went on a trip. They are work perfect with no issues, let me know when my luggage was under the plane and when it was close to pick-up area. Would definitely recommend!
Worked for 4 months Worked for 4 months started ringing and never stopped until the battery wore out. No way to shut it off. Waste of money no recourse from seller. SOL
I was a skeptic. It really does work. ... I was a skeptic. It really does work. I'm ordering a second one. I will keep one on my keys and one in my pocket for locating my phone.
A must-have I love this thing so much, it raised a worry of my shoulder. This is really handy if you loose your stuff a lot. I’ll get another one soon!
Was great when I got it and really useful but doesn't ... Stopped working after 2 weeks. Was great when I got it and really useful but doesn't last. Yesterday the app was open on the background on my phone and tile was less the a foot sway, under a light jacket I accidentally sat on top of it, but the tile could not find the phone to set off the ringer. Completely useless product.
Five Stars Where has this been all our lives? Such a simple solution!
Four Stars its cool but also doesn't work sometimes
Half worked I ordered the 4 pack and only 2 worked. One of them looks used. The 2 working tiles and app are easy to use.
Battery made it six months. Warranty replacement could be ... Battery made it six months.Warranty replacement could be quicker.
DITTO: Stopped working after 2-3 months I bought the original tile from a hardware store and it worked for at least a year and a half. During that time, I was getting ANNOYING notifications from the company to upgrade. But when the battery in it died, I went to the same store and bought the tile mate. It has worked for about 2-3 months, tops. Now, my phone can’t even detect it...the tile doesn’t ring my phone. It never knows where my keys are anymore (the tile is ON my keychain). Don’t waste your money.
Have to repurchase yearly Once the battery goes dead, you have to puchase a new one. There's no way to replace the battery yourself.
Cool thing is I bought these for my parents, who are misplacing their keys often. Cool thing is, they can find their phone as well with the app!
Weak Alarm Volume Make Good Idea Virtually Useless The biggest problem is that the alarm emitted by the tile is very week. If you are alone in the same room you can hear it; maybe in the next room of a home. But, if there is any ambient noise, or you're in a public space. forget it.A virtual waste of money.
Don't Buy - Battery non-replaceable / Company Retile program is BS. This would be a great product but the battery cannot be replaced which forces you to buy a new one every year through their Retile program. Honestly it's BS. Find another option, spend your money with a company that's not trying to constantly rip you off. Seriously, read their Retile program page it's one of the worst excuses for a non-replaceable battery I've ever heard. Bought, sent back, will never buy again.
Five Stars finds my keys and phone very well
Two Stars Worked well but for only 3 months. Bummer!
Great product Great product, easy to use, small enough that it doesn't weigh down keychain
Waste of $ if you're looking for more of a ... Only can track up to 100 feet. Waste of $ if you're looking for more of a gps
One Star Doesnt work.
these don’t have the ability to recharge. Until they ... these don’t have the ability to recharge. Until they do, I won’t be buying anymore. You can’t even replace the batteries!!
Same old model has been working well for 5 months since then so those are some pretty sketchy tactics for getting me to purchase a new ... Works well but the sound is very soft. Also, got a notification exactly 1 year after purchase (to the day) saying that the battery is low and I should buy a new version so I don't lose my wallet. Same old model has been working well for 5 months since then so those are some pretty sketchy tactics for getting me to purchase a new one. Not happy about that, buyer beware of that one.
I have the worst memory lol Just what I needed
One Star Junk. Volume on cell phone is minisclue, even with phone volume set to Max
Unresponsive to clicking button on Tile Stopped working and disconnected from my phone after 4 months. Now it doesn't respond to clicking the button on the Tile. I would suggest getting a newer generation of Tile to ensure that it works longer than it did for me.
Short battery. Buyer beware: Battery does not last a full year as advertised. I bought the four pack in hopes to prevent lost items. Since then i've lost my wallet.My battery on 2 of the four have died. Concept is great, just disappointed in battery life and, i still lost an item.
Not helpful. Do not buy if you live out of a city. Very hard to locate when you don’t have other tile users around you. Did not function the way I wanted it to. Does not lead you to the exact spot you lost it, instead you have to walk around looking at your phone until it turns green and ring the tile. I was disappointed. Want my money back.
Five Stars Great when you lose anything with a tile!
love this item saves me from getting anxiety over lost keys. love this item. works well and easy to install.re-tiling is a pain but a necessary evil.will purchase again when batteries run out.
Constructive Review: Cool Concept But Not Consistent Like others, I lose my keys all the time so I was really hopeful the technology in these little tiles was ready for prime time. It’s just not consistent. 30% of the time it would work as designed but the other 70% was full of aggravation. :) finding my keys became more work with the Tile since I was always trying to figure out why it wouldn’t ring my phone consistently. It looks like orhers have had some success but not me.For the record, I’m an IOS user. I was using my Tile with an iPhone 6s as well as my iPhone X. Both had the same issues. I never tried Tile with Android.Best of luck
It sucked. Tossed it I thought it would work to find my phone and my keys. It sucked. Tossed it.
Really handy/awesome invention but won't ring anymore after I only ... Really handy/awesome invention but won't ring anymore after I only got them this past Christmas (less than 6 months :/ )
A step down from the original Original Tile was great. This new one has much shorter range and a very short battery life of just a few months.
Did not work No good. Battery was already used up. Was given as birthday present. Opened past date to return. Wasted money!
I'd like to pay just the 10-12 I'm confused by the negative reviews. I have used this a couple of times, both times for my keys. It does last about a year, or it did both time in a row for me. Have not replaced it recently for my keys, but planning on doing so. I don't really need 4 is the only thing, I'd like to pay just the 10-12.50 (depending on sale prices) to get one back. But I have found them to be very effective. The only thing I don't like is not being able to replace the battery. That part just seems like the company's plan to have us keep paying them money.
I have used TILE almost every day I have used TILE almost every day, saved me time and saved me from stress of not finding keys- ordered a 4 pack!
Five Stars Works great!!!
Tile is a life changer I used to spend about an hour out of my day looking for my phone, keys, and wallet. I don’t have that problem anymore. I can double tap a tile to find my phone, and I can use the app to find my keys and wallet. My days have become so much more productive, and my anxiety over losing things and being late has subsided. Tiles are a life changer.
Five Stars use it all the time and I l love it
The app even has this awesome feature where you can tell how close or far ... I am a complete space case and struggle with a clinical diagnosis of short-term memory. I wish so hard I would have came by this sooner. I use it all the time to find my phone (by double clicking the button that's attached to my keys) and to find my keys via an app on my phone. I am obsessed. The app even has this awesome feature where you can tell how close or far you are from the object you are trying to find in addition to a ring going off. I am going to invest in more Tiles and would recommend them to all my family and friend's who struggle with losing things.
Five Stars gift for step son, he loves it
SAVE YOUR MONEY Total waste of money. Complete crap. Two phone, two tiles. WILK NOT WORK PAST 15 FEET!!!!! I purchased the expensive one for the owner of my Co. What an embarrassment.......
I take very good care of my keys I only had this for a few months and it is already broken. The speaker won’t work on the tile, but it still connects to bluetooth and all of that. I take very good care of my keys, I don’t throw them or slam them around. Just disappointed.
Great idea for finding almost anything. Best tech idea of the century. My dearest friend, while a brilliant engineer, was constantly misplacing keys, cars and almost everything except her phone. While at a customer site, we were led thru endless hallways to various equipment rooms, in one of which, she left her keys. Enter Tile Mate. She was able to find where the key was last "reported" and got us back on the road in minutes.Now if only they could make these integrated into my socks, I could find where the 1,321 pairs the dryer ate really are!
another of Life's Essentials So many times I have had my wallet & keys stolen only to have the thieves return them intact with the car still in the driveway and all the money and cards still inside the wallet but neither in the place I am sure I left them .....kidding,I misplace my wallet & keys as a matter of course, even if I misplace my phone I can still find all of them from the computer.
Wish I would have bought this a couple weeks ago ... Wish I would have bought this a couple weeks ago. Lost my keyfob. Spent $350 to get two more. Had no idea Tile will sing when you lose it and it can call your phone when you lose that.
Would not make sound. Never could get the tile to work even though it said it had found the phone. Would not ring. Was a gift. Disappointed.
App and account are easy to set up Have used it at least 1-2x a day since I received it. App and account are easy to set up. Game changer for someone who always forgets where the phone gets set down....
Great device. Helps with finding my car keys Great device. Helps with finding my car keys.
Concept great, reality is it does not work well Bought it to find my keys around the house, it works less than 25% of the time. Everything connected correctly, keys never out of the house, makes an already irritating situation even more annoying because I spent $20 on this little piece of garbage. It does give me something to be mad at besides my faulty sleep deprived brain, maybe that’s worth something
Four Stars Love this, I haven't lost my keys since I started using this.
My phone loses connection to these really often. My phone loses connection to these really often. You also have to have location services always on to get the full benefits
Five Stars works well nice
Five Stars wonderful great buy
It has found my keys twice...sanity saved Mixed reviews made me wonder but it was worth the $15 investment to try it. It works to locate my keys in the house however I have tried to use the tag to find my phone and it doesn’t seem to work. I’m buying more of these as I see the value in putting this tile on keys and band instruments the options are endless
They work! They work. Help me find my keys when I've misplaced them
Find your stuff Great app and finders!
Did not work consistently Disappointing--this tile did not work consistently right out of the box, and still works roughly 1/4 times I attempt to ring it. I attempted to contact customer service but did not receive any response. Too bad, because I've enjoyed their other products, but this order was a waste of money.
Five Stars Saves me from killing my husband at least 3 times a week.
Must have for those who lose stuff! Geez my 22 and 20 year olds where always losing a purse or wallet! This solved the problem. Got them each a tile for Christmas, no more misplaced purse or wallet!
Doesn't last one tile completely stopped working after only 2 months. They are supposed to last a full year. Contacted customer service and no response. Sad.
Four Stars Love the product. I bought this one but was sent the older generation tile in the mail.
Get these people. I will never search for keys ... Get these people. I will never search for keys or miss my luggage. I would be in trouble if I lost my phone. It doesn't support Windows.
Three Stars It came in a baggy with no paperwork but I figured it was app based and downloaded the app which walks you through it. It’s a pretty neat device but since it’s Bluetooth If you lose your keys out of range it won’t work?
i don't understand this product. only works if you ... i don't understand this product. only works if you are in a close area of the item. if you miss place you keys in your house you can find them with this product. but if you misplace your keys or loose your keys it will only tell you the last time this product and you were separated from the item.
Awesome! It's helped my husband find his missing sunglasses ... Awesome! It's helped my husband find his missing sunglasses a few times now, which is exactly why I bought it for him :)
Awesome!!! This little thing is so cool and to the point. recommend to everyone.
Good product but not for what I needed Good product but not for what I needed. It has to be close to your phone in order to track
Awesome little gadget is a lifesaver! This little piece of tech is a lifesaver! Will be purchasing other tile products!
Works great to a point. Don't count on it to find something out of earshot. Doesn't last. 3 stars. Works if the subject is nearby, but when I needed to find the keyholder who had wandered off in a farmer's market the GPS feature still showed the keys as being back at home base! This was not helpful. I kept walking around, pressing the beeper button and eventually HEARD the chime so I knew the lost keyholder was nearby.ADDENDUM. 1 star. After 6 months it stopped working. It no longer rings. The locator shows I'm right on top of it, but I hear NO RING. Yes, I checked all the instructions about the problem. Tried several re-sets over 6 hours. Still, NO RING. (I have super acute hearing and have found him before 50 feet away outdoors in a crowd of people - so when the beep works it's LOUD.) This is a serious problem since the Tile holder has dementia and I cannot watch him 100% of the time to control all actions. Really ticks me off because this is PRECISELY why I got the Tile -- to avoid the agitation of endless, daily key searches and expensive re-keyings. It worked about 12 times.
The battery only lasted 2 months waste of money I bought this item and it only lasted for 2 months before the battery died, I would not buy this again through this site very disappointing.
Good deal Works great, but now I can't find my phone!
junk This is JUNK!!! never works!
Three Stars I had syncing problems after a few months of usage.
Price is an ANNUAL fee, this product self-bricks a year after purchase Please pay attention to the fineprint about the battery. It lasts 12 months, cannot be charged or replaced. This product lasts a year, then it dies with no way to revive other than by buying new 'tiles'. You'd pay a sliver less than the first time, unless you want to replace them with current models, in which case you'd pay more. The price tag looks like a one-time payment. In reality it's an annual fee.
Five Stars Really cool product and works as described.
Designed to fail to make you buy more I’ll add to the voices that say this is an item with planned obscelence. I got them as a gift, but they get quieter fairly quickly, and after 1 year despite having energy they don’t ring at all. While they claim it is “battery failure”, the battery is sealed so you do not have access to change: they instead expect you to purchase a new one.If someone makes a competing similar product without this planned obsolescence, they will get my business... it was certainly handy once upon a time.
Bought two - one didn’t last a month! I bought two of these about a month ago — one for my keys and one for my wallet. The one for my keys still works, but the one for my wallet is dead, dead, dead. I do not keep my wallet in my back pocket, so it wasn’t crushed. I drive for Uber in Arizona, so I wear shorts most of the year. I put my wallet in my large pockets until I get to my car and then I put it in the armrest console. I was testing them out yesterday and the keys worked fine, but my wallet would not chime and I could not get the Tile to ring my phone. Oh, well, cheap Chinese crap. I guess I’ll just order another one...
I loved it while it worked but that is a very ... I bought 3 of these over the last 6 months and 2 of them are already not working right. It doesn't track the current location of your keys after only 4 months. I loved it while it worked but that is a very short life for something t this cost.
Awesome when they work They are awesome when they update themselves to the current location and batteries work. I bought them in December 2017, and have 2 that no longer are responsive or work.
Useless if item is any where but your 100 ft range. Useless if item is any where but your house
At first, it worked as advertised, but after ... At first, it worked as advertised, but after a few months, the app changed, and now sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, which can be extremely frustrating since we bought this product to help find our keys. We are switching this out and trying a new product that is half the price.
Defective Worked great for about 4 months. Now doesn't work at all! Faulty product!
Did Not Work Well For Me Sad to say that they did not work all that well. How often I had to press the tile over and over trying to get it to work. Sometimes it did, sometimes it didn't. I finally had to send it back for a refund. When it did work, it was quite efficient and will even show you a map as to where your tile is.
Great concept but I had the same experience where it ... Great concept but I had the same experience where it worked well for a while and then stopped working. The company recommends you turn off your Bluetooth and reconnect it but what's the point if you're looking for your keys or phone and it doesn't work when you need it to?
I can remember things most of my family forgets, ... I can remember things most of my family forgets, except my keys. This has been a huge help in licating my keys.
HORRIBLE I ordered these and they did not come, just the package came. DO NOT BUY THESE!
Very disappointed. It has already stopped working Very disappointed. It has already stopped working!! Supposed to last a year and only lasted about half of that. Was great before it died.
Repeat User I've been using Tile Mates for a few years now. I started when I purchased a car used and it only came with one smart key, and replacements were $250. A Tile gives me the peace of mind that I can find the key if I misplace it, or my children walk away with it. Since then I've added more Tiles to other keys. They last about a year or so before the battery dies and need replacing.
Don’t waste your money Excellent at making your phone ring in class and during meetings. Doesn’t ring when your keys are connected and 20 feet away. Just tie them to your neck and call it a day
Stopped working?? Great at first but stopped after update
Tile's ring stopped working after a couple of months, ... Tile's ring stopped working after a couple of months, can still locate but ring no longer works on it.
I loved this. Until 4 months after I bought the ... Initially, I loved this. Until 4 months after I bought the tile stopped working. It’s suppose to last a year. Mines didn’t last even half of the year.
Battery sucks Last about 3 months in kinda expensive
Could be better I like that I have a way to find my keys if they are lost. But the whole find your phone is only if the app is open. I wish your phone would ring whenever the button on the fob is pushed.
Design, Packaging, and performance This is awesome. The packaging was in style and it was beautifully designed, more perfect than I expected.
Really great if you're constantly losing your keys Really great if you're constantly losing your keys. Needs to be replaced after a year. Bluetooth ALWAYS has to be on.
Bummer Only 3 of the 4 work
worked for 2 days and than quit. worked for 2 days and than quit.
Five Stars Work great.
One extremely annoying feature WHAT I HATE about this product is that I put it in my wallet, and often times depending on how i sir it calls my phone. If there’s a way to turn off the feature of double clicking the tile and it calling my phone it would be so much better. I just need it to find my wallet! I don’t need it to ring my phone!
it was really nice to have to be able to find my keys ... When I first got this, it was really nice to have to be able to find my keys that I lose sometimes are on the house. However, after only having this for roughly for four months, It no longer rings the tile when I’m trying to search for it from my phone app. It’s still can show me that my tile is in the facility but when I press find it does nothing. Pretty frustrated that her product can’t even last past four months
It does what it claims to do. My 90 year old mother has a remote control for her hearing aids. Of course it gets misplaced. This is the solution. It was easy to set up and, so far, it works like a charm. Click on the phone app and it beeps loud and clear. What a great idea.
but over all a good product to have not quite what i expected, but over all a good product to have.
I had the original tile and it lasted me for ... I had the original tile and it lasted me for over a year and a half. When it finally died I got a set of 4 and of the 4 the 2 key ones no longer work, seriously had them for 2 months!!! I spent $75 on the 2 and the wallet ones! I am beyond upset!!!
Practical looking but total waste of $50 packae of four Practical looking but total waste of $50 package of four. Push Tile putton on your phone to locate your item and the TILE beeps. Too low to hear in any surrounding noise. Push Tile twice and it will ring your phone nice and loud to locate your missing phone - but you could do that more easily anyway by just calling your phone. Then I discovered the tiles are only good for one year then you have to buy replacements. Missed my deadline to return so stuck with it. Pay attention to the line that says might be available elsewhere for less. Or a competitor.
Works great for my wallet Works great for my wallet. I have used it three times now and still batting 3 for 3 in finding it!
Great value Good product. Purchased again to give as gifts.
This works great! My daughter would lose her head if it wasn’t connected. This works great!
I lose everything!!! UPDATE:One of my tiles is no longer working. It does not beep when pressed and will not locate with the app. The other Tiles are great....when they are detected by the app. They constantly will be disconnected when I am looking for them, even being 5 feet away. Sometimes they work, but most of the time ill find my keys now before the app connects to the tile. I left my phone on my counter and could not find it either the other day, all three tiles could not ping my phone and make it ring. I think this might be an app issue (Android 8.0) but its driving me crazy and has been since my previous phone (Android 7.1). Lowering rating because of constant disconnect and no reconnect.I constantly lose my keys which makes my life a living hell. These may seem a little pricey at first but if you are constantly losing things like I do they are perfect. The cheaper ones I have tried are terrible. Now if they can make one for when I lose my mind
they are so light and easy to use Everyone needs one of these! they are so light and easy to use. They make great gifts to give to those people you want to get something for but don't know really well!
Never lose your keys again! Absolutely love my Tile! I always lose my keys and I don’t worry anymore and I’m never late because of it anymore lol! If you lose your keys often....BUY yourself a Tile!
FIND YOU THINGS NOW gave it to a friend who loses stuff all the time....She is highly appreciative she can find her stuff now
Rip off!!! I just tried to activate the four times. Two are unresponsive. Dead batteries? Someone already activated and returned them? The Amazon return window is horrible! Only 30 days!
Unreliable Unreliable.
Otherwise it is great, has also been helpful in locating my phone ... I attached this tile to my keys and it has been very helpful in finding them on several occasions. The app does sometimes lag and on occasion it won’t give me the option to ring the tile from the app if the keys are located nearby. Otherwise it is great, has also been helpful in locating my phone using the push button on the tile. If your busy and somewhat forgetful like me it is a great item to have!
Five Stars Great
Pretty good overall Pretty good overall. There are times when I left my keys in a jacket pocket and the app seems to have trouble locating it even though it is only 5 feet away from me. Even playing the sound sometimes seems to be a little hit and miss, but it has helped me find them more than it has failed me.
That it works It's ok but doesn't work all the time
Five Stars Bought for a friend - he’s finding it very useful!
Four Stars Purchased as a gift.
Makes a better phone finder than a key finder... As I am always misplacing my keys or my phone (sometimes both) I thought this might be an effective solution to the problem. Unfortunately, the high frequency audible alert emitted by the tile is anemic, at best. It is difficult to hear at a distance much more than arm's length and I don't think the size limitations of the tile will accommodate greater amplification.
Three Stars Haven't used yet as difficult to figure out
Won’t work when you need it. This has never once worked when I needed it. I can literally be holding my keys with the tile attached, and the app won’t recognize it. The app requires Bluetooth to be active at all times, so if your phone turns off, or if your battery drains from using Bluetooth and you turn off Bluetooth, the app thinks your tile is missing. When you turn bluetooth back on it won’t connect again.Not a very trustworthy product.
Never have another anxiety attack over misplacing keys in the house! Tile Mate is so freaking awesome. I have had been late to appointments because I couldn't locate my keys, and this takes all of the pain out of the process (I forget where I put them in the house often). It works exactly as described via bluetooth technology and it's app.
If you are forgetful this will help. I bought these because I could not find my keys one morning and ended up taking a day off work. Since then I’ve saved time searching for my phone or my keys thanks to Tile. Easy to use.
Five Stars Love it easy to use app and easy to navigate.
BEST gift The BEST gift I could give my kids!!!!!
It works, but if you turn the blue tooth ... It works, but if you turn the blue tooth off on your phone then call on and open the app, it takes awhile for it to sync up again to find your keys again even if you are right next to them.
Deceptive - Not product described. Advertised as “Tile Mate” but delivered product is prior generation. Worse: Box is of prior generation, but box’s scan code & description covered with new sticker deceptively reflecting newer gen product.
Five Stars Great
BUY THIS PRODUCT NOW! This is the most amazing little product. I already know I’m going to have to buy my mom one because let’s face it... losing things is her specialty. Once she sees this she’s going to flip. Got this for my keys since we don’t have a spare to our car and our son likes to hide everything! I recommend buying the keychain cases for this to give it a more elegant look and to protect it! DEFINITELY ORDERING MORE
Partly stopped working after a few weeks I love this! It’s very handy and I’ve used it multiple times in the few weeks or so that I’ve had it. But just randomly one say I was trying to find my keys and it wouldn’t work even with me in the same room as them. So now I’ve paid $20 and it only finds my phone I can’t find my keys
Five Stars Great invention!! Helps find either phone or keys.
Don’t put on luggage Broke very easy. One vacation was all it was good for.
One Star This item is very very obviously used. Signs of wear all over it. Also, when I went to activate it, it gave me an error message that it was previously activated!!!! DO NOT BUY - LEGIT SCAM!
doesn’t work. terrible instructions on app I’ve been struggling with it all morning and it doesn’t work, nor do the instructions make sense. I don’t need to find my phone. i want it to find the tile attached to my keys. It does neither. Come on, am I asking too much?Update: I placed the detective tile and it’s old original cardboard case and when I receive the new one I went to return the old one and it hit evidently slipped out and was lost. So I was charged for it. I am trying to return the working model so that I won’t get charged, but Amazon won’t let me because the window closed. I had a terribly busy month and I did not have time to deal with a company’s defective product. In my opinion for something as inexpensive as this, they should have just sent me the new one and let it go at that but instead they harassed me.Sure there are gamers and cheaters out there , but I am not one , so I am punished for the others.
Great product! Great product!! It works so good on my phone finding my keys. Makes a little noise and it so helpful because I lose everything. The only thing I didn’t love was to have the tile work from the tile to find the phone the location on the phone has to be on all the time.. I don’t like having my location on for many apps because it drains my battery. But other than that I love it!
I have attached one of them(got a pack of 4) ... I have attached one of them(got a pack of 4) to my valet. In two occasions when I was looking for my valet tried the Tile and didn't get a successful connection to ring my valet. My phone was displaying "Connecting" and "Your Tile is nearby" for a long time but wouldn't let me ring it. In one occasion my valet with the Tile attached to it was sitting literally under one page of a newspaper on my desk (2' distance). Both times I had to find it myself.No, it is not defective as I have tested it multiple times and it connects; but not when you need it.
Takes a good minute to find the tile My first tile worked like a charm! But the newest one I purchased doesn’t want to connect quickly . Takes around 3-5 minutes for it to finally connect to my phone
Five Stars An improbable but extremely dependable device. As I continue through my golden years, I will use this often.
Don't lose it on something mobile. Once out of bluetooth range. it will only show where it was last located....but what happens if it moves? Say like in a car? ...or lost bookbag? ...or under the seat of my bike? ...or on my dog's collar?Poof, gone!
Helpful at times but must be super close for it to work This product was bought to be used on my keys to help me find them when I leave them somewhere in the house or at stores.Pros1. This can be used to find your phone as well even when it is on vibrate2. The jingle is loud enough to hear and will continue to play until item is found3. App shows last known location if the item is not close byCons1. You must have you location on the ON setting on your phone at times for this to be super helpful2. I have had several times where I was trying to find the item that I knew was somewhere in the house and it would not ring it until I was about a foot away from it. I also had to open the app to get it to sync better
I have the product and it has yet to work ... I have the product and it has yet to work properly.....this is my 2cd time purchasing it....finish done no more
It was easy enough to reset Just got it yesterday and for whatever reason the app kept saying it couldn't detect the tile. It was easy enough to reset, just restart the phone, and haven't had any trouble since. Will update reviewing any more trouble.
This is a useful product. Had trouble with some tiles previously when they would update their app. I hope they fixed this issue by now. This is a useful product.
I love it. Mainly just writing feedback to tell people ... I love it. Mainly just writing feedback to tell people when they do the double press of the tile "e" to find their phone, you have to do it quickly. I was thinking mine didn't work, but was pressing too slowly. I am very excited by this product.
10/10 I use this all the time to locate my keys from my phone, or my phone from my keys. Super convenient how it works with the app.
Useless Would not work at all
One Star The battery didnt last me long, the company is forcing me to buy a new one...
One Star My battery last less than 3 month.
... my bestfriend who loses anything she touches and it’s great! Love Got for my bestfriend who loses anything she touches and it’s great! Love!
Five Stars Best way to track a dog ever!
The product is garbage. If you’re the type of person that misplaces ... The product is garbage. If you’re the type of person that misplaces your keys or phone a lot (in your own space) and don’t mind overpaying for this, then you might like the tile. If it’s outside of your space or you turn off Bluetooth and/or close the Tile app, you’ll realize it’s overpriced garbage. And when the battery runs out way under its lifetime, don’t buy another one! Would never recommend this product! Very displeased customer!
Two Stars On of the 4 tiles didnt work. Not sure if it's the battery?
Four Stars I need 5 more
Love it! It works! Love it!
... put in his wallet and so far has worked great! I bought this for my son to put in his wallet and so far has worked great!
Five Stars great item
Don’t waste your money. Got a tile for Christmas and was so excited for the promise of never looking for my keys. Lost my keys the beginning of February and tile could not find them (you have to keep the app running at all times to find your tile). I turned on tile in the morning- nothing. Nothing for a week after driving around, walking around, searching my apartment and everywhere I had been. Contacted tile and they were no help, asking if I had turned my phone on and off. Well, it’s mid April now and finally found my keys- INSIDE MY APARTMENT. I have had the tile app searching (& on!!!) since I had misplaced my keys. Don’t waste your money on this, instead just by a key holder.
Good idea for a product especially since I lose my ... Good idea for a product especially since I lose my wallet a lot. Just got it in the mail today and it didn’t work. A
Five Stars Thanks.
Ordered one and it would not connect. Contacted the ... Ordered one and it would not connect. Contacted the tech support and they sent another which still won't connect.
A must buy! A life saver! You will wabt this! And it is the perfect gift!
Really Awesome! But not durable :( Started failing after 3 months or so, but I guess that’s in consideration of the price.
so far they have loved it! I gave this as a gift, so far they have loved it!
Five Stars Great for my wife who looses herbkeys
Must Have product My wife hated this at first, especially when I told her it was her best Christmas present ever...lol now she can't live without it.
Great product This is a very cool device. I put it on my key ring and when i lose my keys its rings a tune. But the cool part is, if you lose your phone you press tge center of your tile twice and it finds your phone. Even if its on silent it will ring through the app settings. And it also has 6 or 7 ringtones that are programmed to your liking. Love this product worth the money. Under $20
Great Awesome for the one who loses
One Star Tile frequently is able to connect but won't play sound.
Great help. Love them. Finds my wallet , keys, and CAT. Saves time when I’m rushing and can’t find one of these.
Five Stars Godsend for absent-minded hubby.
Five Stars Its great for people like me who misplace their keys every morning.
Five Stars This has saved my lif I no longer loose my tv remotes,keys,phone or wallet. Thanks Tile!
The thing was great for the first few months I bought the tile ... The thing was great for the first few months I bought the tile on Feb 13th and then fast forward for the last week it has not worked ive tried it completely died on me I wish I could say it fell from a rooftop for this to happen but i have not even dropped my keys for this thing to completely just shut off and not work....kind of disappointed otherwise this device would have received a 5 stars from me...
Practical Lifesaver I would literally lose everything without this. This past winter I lost two keyless starts and had to pay $350 to have them replaced. Now, my phone lets me know where my keys are each and every time I misplace them. If you didn’t think it could get better, I can use my tile to ring my phone when it’s buried somewhere under the couch or in between the seats of the car. I recommend this to everyone.
The feature to find you phone with the tile is great also. My wife loves it. The feature to find you phone with the tile is great also.
Not useful as advertised If things are in range.. Its useful. Other wise there is no use for it. Could find the last known location where ur phone had a connection to it.. Thats it
It doesn't work when you need it. It works occasionally. It doesn't work when you need it.What a POS for $20. I'll see if I can return it.Paired/failed with Google Pixel XL.
Great product, great idea just what I needed for ... Great product, great idea just what I needed for a gift, and turned out to be a gift to myself as I was no longer was enlisted in a tiresome game of find the phone or keys.
This worked one time My friend had one and I thought it was awesome and would order myself one. This worked one time and I can't get it to work again! Sending it back!
Five Stars Cool Product
Customer Service was great! I had gotten this for my husband and it wasn't synced up right. It would ring for the phone, but didn't for his keys. He had to email customer service and they helped right away! They got it working again within a couple of days without having to send it back in or anything.
... with other locaters that have replacable batteries - very pleased overall - work as advertised - price is now competitive with other locaters that have replacable batteries - very pleased overall -
BATTERY DIED AFTER 1 MONTH!!! I bought this as a gift for my husband. I was so excited about the concept and it even worked well for the first little while. But now that it is two days after the return window has closed the battery died!! Very irritating!!!
Not reliable!!! I ordered four tiles. Two of them “failed” and were replaced. A third was attached to my husband’s $4,000 hearing aids (box). They have been missing since early Feb. 2018. Tile is saying they are 45 minutes away in a place we have never stopped at. They are most likely near our home. The tile sensor is not responding or sending a signal or sound. The reason I bought the tiles was to keep track of the hearing aids. Extremely disappointing & heartbreaking to say the least!
One Star Worked sometimes for one month, then stopped working.
Five Stars For someone who is always losing her keys, this thing is fabulous!!!
Broke in ONE month and “return window” closed Love love loved it at first.....but in less than ONE month it broke!!
Waste of money unless product has been improved.  Tile Mate purchased 11/16-Battery died in 14 mo. and can't be replaced without braking. Warranty is one year.-Button gets activated by mistake when on keychain in ones pocket. My two high school children have both had there phones go off in class.-Most times the tile cant find my phone unless the tile app is operating in the background/has not been app swiped.-No geofencing option
Five Stars works great
Five Stars I bought this for my wife.... she loves it!
Five Stars These things are so handy, I don't know how many times I misplace my keys.
Indispensable Love it. I constantly misplace things, irregardless of my good intentions, and this product has been a lifesaver. Now I can find my keys, my phone, my glasses with no problem at all. While on vacation in another state I had lost my wallet. Tile Mate showed me on a map exactly where it was & I was able to call the hotel & they sent it back to me the next day. I can't imagine my preoccupied life without it.
The only way this product can be better is to get the one with gps locating I bought two of these for my teenager. She is constantly losing her keys and her wallet. So she has a tile on each now. As long as the tile is in range, you can ping it with the phone app. She lost her phone once and used the tile on her keys to ping the phone. The only way this product can be better is to get the one with gps locating. With this model, you have to have an idea where you lost your stuff (home, work, school) in order to be close enough to locate it. I’d buy it again tho.
I been having my tile finder for 3 months but at some point it just stopped working I purchase a finder tile 3 months ago but unfortunately it stopped working for some reason I would like to have another one . I have quiestions
One Star Don’t waste your money .... a piece of crap
Five Stars good product
Five Stars great product
Five Stars Great gift for older parents who lose their phone and keys.
Five Stars It's hard to imagine life before the Tile.
The title is good at doing what it does The title is good at doing what it does, that being said, it's not a complete life changer. I bought both the wallet and key finder for someone who loses everything everywhere. It's very convenient when the item is simply lost in the house. I believe it would be nicer if everyone in the world used a tile so that the software would be able to constantly locate a missing item but that's just not the case. However, we did lose a wallet in someone's car after being dropped off at home. The app last located the item at the house which was the last time the phone and wallet were together. After asking the person to look in there car, they were unable to find it. But one day when the phone was near that same car it was able to pick up the signal coming from the tile and we ended up finding it wedged deep down between the seats. That being said, if someone were to steal your item, it's probably not going to help but the way the tile works in telling you its last location is super useful.
As irresponsible parents, we lost our daughter’s most prized ... As irresponsible parents, we lost our daughter’s most prized possession for weeks. Luckily, we found it in a pillow at our house. Then I sewed a tracking device inside of it.
Helps me to not lose my mind! Great thing to have on the keys. Only downside is having to replace them after a year. Would be nice to be able to replace batteries or have them last longer though.
Not new looks like open or return stock. Beware! The item received does not look new. The package was open and scratched. The instructions were worn. At best this was a return or something else. We are disappointed and most likely will return. We have noticed a decline in Amazon’s quality and quality control. It will make us rethink the five Amazon Prime gifts that we give to family members for Christmas each year.
This doesnt work. Bought 4 for different items. Hasn't found the items yet. Standing right by the item....the app just keeps on searching. I waited 4 months to write this providing adequate time for the tiles the "show me something". Very disappointing. I'll will not purchase again and will seek out something that works.
Very nice if you happen to be standing in the same ... Very nice if you happen to be standing in the same room but worthless beyond that. If you lose your mate they will not help you find it. You haveto rely on another tile owner to find it and turn it in. Nice toy but not a reliable tracker for valuables.
Terrible. I feel like I could've bought something better ... Bought it because I always lose my things....was not what I expected at all I thought it would track it everywhere, but it only tracks it when you're near it which defeats the whole purpose. Also, after a few days of having it, it stopped working and wont pair with the app anymore. Terrible. I feel like I could've bought something better at a Chinese bootleg store.
Customer service has improved. Looks like their customer service has improved over what folks are saying here.I bought 4, for my keys on both cars, and one died after 3 months.They require your email you used to activate and then they can see the dead tile and how long.I should get my replacement tile. I also noticed the price drop from $69 last September to $39 now, so competition has stepped up.
Great product! I really like this product! I once lost my key and as soon as I found it, I put the tile on there. I have misplaced my keys once since then and the tile was so helpful!
Wonderful What did I do before Tile?! I love it
Don’t delay, purchase for happier work days! Husband is notorious for misplacing keys. This is a lifesaver for my personal sanity! Easy to set up and use, seriously recommended! Added bonus: he can now use his keys to locate his phone if need be.
Two Stars Not as I imagined
... a little less than a month now and i loved it. I’ve had this for a little less than a month now and i loved it... at first. In the small amount of time I’ve had it it stopped working. I press the find button and it doesn’t ring or i try to find my phone with it and it doesn’t alert my phone. Not a big fan anymore because it hardly ever works.
Three Stars I liked the conveince of the tile but it sometimes goes off when it shouldn’t have
How to like it to keys, purses, dog collars and any mobile device. What I liked most was the ability to find my keys.What I liked least was it took me a month to figure how to link it to my keys.
Waste of money Great idea for those who have a hard time keeping track of their keys, but poor execution. I bought the 4 pack of these in December for stocking stuffers. The battery life for these is expected to be 1 year. Three of them stopped working by the end of March (we never synced up the last one). I tried contacting the company twice with no response.
As useful as a broken door stop Most useless piece of garbage ive ever wasted my money on
Very Limited Use Only. These things are a waste of money. I'll take the blame because I didn't do my research, but I could've sworn they were presented as if we could locate them just about anywhere... It turns out they only work within a blue tooth range of about $100 feet. If you're item gets stolen, you're dog runs away, etc., you're out of luck!
One Star waste of $
No way to replace batteries; have to purchase new tiles every time. I like the ability to use this to find my keys, but I do NOT like that it's impossible to change the battery and a new tile has to be purchased.
Two Stars How can you change the battery?Yup , I can’t
Four Stars Great wee device so far it’s done it’s job and it hasn’t broke yet
Life saver Working for a year now!
Will not pin point Tile on a Map Not what advertised ..wont pin point location Tile.It's within a mile and then you have to Search using Built in chime on tile
Five Stars My wife loves this.
Expected better from tile Stopped working within three months of buying. Expected better from tile.
Never lost again! Super helpful for my girlfriend who always misplaces her keys and wallet!
Great idea. I use with electronic car keys Great idea. I use with electronic car keys, which are $300 to replace if lost.
don't waste your money Stopped working after 3 months, don't waste your money.
My tile came in defective. Wasn’t connecting to app ... My tile came in defective. Wasn’t connecting to app and wasn’t playing a tune as it was supposed to.
I wanted to love this. I wanted to love this.. I really did.. but I just can’t. I am the type of person to frequently lose things. I purchased this tile mate with the hopes of putting my days of lost keys to an end. So the first one that I had lasted maybe a week or a week and a half and suddenly, it would not make a sound. It would connect to my phone, but when I attempted to play a sound.. nothing. I contacted customer service, and after asking me a bunch of questions that I already answered in my initial email, they finally agreed to send me a replacement.With the replacement, the speaker at least works. But this thing is not reliable in the least. On 2 or 3 different occasions, I’ve lost my keys only to try to use my tile. It would show up as though the tile was not in range despite it my Bluetooth working properly. I would find my keys later (within feet of me) without the help of the useless tile.The worst day was the day I started having difficulty breathing after floors had been pulled up in my house. My epipen was in my car, and I could not find my keys to get to it. I knew my keys were nearby, but everything was a mess from furniture being moved and I couldn’t remember where I put them. I was almost in tears desperately trying to get my tile to connect so I could find my keys, which I knew where somewhere within feet of me but I just didn’t know where. Of course, the Bluetooth was on and it showed the keys at my house.. but it was acting as though they weren’t in range enough to ring them. I ran all over my house and still couldn’t find them. After panicking for almost 15 minutes and being home alone, I finally found my keys 5 feet away from where I had been underneath a thin blanket. I was about ready to crush my tile with a hammer at this point because I was so upset by the situation.Needless to say, I won’t be purchasing these anymore. I was going to buy one for my husband and buy a wallet version for myself, but after my issues with this one, I don’t see myself doing that
The Tile has been an amazing tool for me in my day to day life I have had this for about five months now. I am a traumatic brain injury survivor, and thus have lots of short term memory issues with setting items down and forgetting where I put them almost instantly. The Tile has been an amazing tool for me in my day to day life! About 2 weeks ago, it randomly stopped worked. I contacted Tile CS about 20 minutes ago and they are going to do a replacement for me, no questions asked. I cannot recommend Tile enough and wonder if the other people who complain of it not working any more have contacted the company?
Do not buy Constant connectivity issues. Felt like they never worked. Only used for a couple of weeks and threw the rest in trash where they don’t belong.
It worked great first and then when I got a new phone ... It worked great first and then when I got a new phone I cannot connect to the phone , is there a way to do it I looked under help and don’t see any instructions
It's pretty frustrating, particularly since there doesn't seem to be ... I'd give this thing 5 stars if it worked consistently, but it doesn't. I'd say only 50-60% of the times my wife uses it (either to find her keys with the Tile on them or to find her phone using the Tile) does it work. The other times nothing happens. It's pretty frustrating, particularly since there doesn't seem to be a clear reason that it works one time but not another. When the battery runs out on this one, we don't plan on buying another unless they make some major improvements.
You need these Omg you need these. Saved me massive amts of time and panic reduction. I have a dog who likes tp hide my keys i myself am forgetful and a teen who could care less where he puts them. I dont realize till im late for work that i have no idea where they r. Cardiologist convinced me to buy these and i give them away to everyone bc omg they r a need not a want. And this price was very very reasonable. Easy to use easy to set up.
Sent it back Too many questions about security and privacy. Sent back
Five Stars Great product. Wife can now find her phone and keys.
Two Stars Battery didn’t last long
Five Stars love these
Ripoff They can kill the batteries any time to force reactivation Worked 4 months, tops. Then the company kills the batteries and forces you to pay $20 per tile to make them ring again. Big ripoff. I thought I had peace of mind with these attached to my dogs' collars and my wallet. NOPE. They didn't work even 4 months. WASTE OF MONEY FOR 4 PACK PLUS CASES PLUS MOUNT PLUS STICKER THINGS. THIS COMPANY IS A JOKE.
Five Stars So glad I ordered this! It has helped me find my keys and phone a bunch of times.
Never have to worry about finding your phone or your keys again! I first received a Tile as a gift. It was a before and after event in my messy huge bags. I always have a quasi heart attack when I cannot find my phone, and it is usually in my purse. With Tile in my key-chain, I don't need to go to a computer to track my phone. It even rings when it is turned to silent mode. And when I cannot find my keys at home, I can always get them through my phone. I've purchased the 4 pack for me and some friends at work who loved the concept. I regret they do not ship to Argentina and have to rely on someone travelling where they are shipped.
A must have Such a useful tool for a very forgetful person! I got one for everyone in the family. Worth it.
Four Stars Bought as a gift.
Doesn’t work. I bought 4. Completely useless. I bought 4 of them. I set them up pressed the button and they worked. Then when I needed to use I pressed the button and nothing. I seems they somehow unlink. I’m completely disappointed. Don’t waste your money.
More than just a GPS locator Works perfectly. Does a lot more than expected.
Works very good I just put this on my keychain by the way and hooked it right to my iPhone 7 Plus took less then a minute
easy to find my keys with my phone and my ... easy to find my keys with my phone and my phone with my keys. Awesome to have. Bought two more.
What do you get for the mother who is always ... What do you get for the mother who is always losing her car? (yes, her car) The tile. Now there are no more frantic calls to me at work claiming she can't find her car at the mall. Now I can go back to being the beloved daughter who has solved her problem of the misplaced car and not be disturbed at work.
Five Stars AAAA++++
I love my wife but I love my sanity more I got these for my wife because she's always losing either her phone her keys or something else. She uses it at least once a week. I love my wife but I love my sanity more.
One Star It dose not work at all. It always says my keys are at home when I'm at work.
Great Tracker For the Price This is a good tracker. It is groupware does not have true GPS, it uses the phones GPS to mark the location. When out of bluetooth range, the Tile depends on other users to come within range of your tile in order for it to be found. Work great in the city and urban areas. In the country this device is restricted to bluetooth range alone. This tile is about 1/10 the price of a true GPS tracker (data plan included)
b'Awesome !!!!! \xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f Awesome !Saves me a few times!'
Can’t get it to work. Is this a Chinese knockoff? Can’t get it to work. Is this a Chinese knockoff?
Uncertain as to it's usefullness I guess this is ok, i think it uses other users to maintain it's location...we'll see if it still works later in the year
Lifesaver This tile is an absolute lifesaver. Unfortunately you have to sign a bunch of stuff giving a LOT of rights to the company, but if you don’t care about all that-then do yourself a favor and get one! They are loud, and the best part; IF I HAVE MY KEYS AND NOT MY PHONE???? I CAN CLICK THE TILE TWICE AND ITLL MAKE MY PHONE RING!!!I love it-has saved me so much time.
Five Stars This will come in very handy when we lose the keys
Good key finder We havent tried it yet, but my FIL was excited about it since he looses his keys all the time.
Love these things! Love this product!4 stars only because: the sound is fairly quiet and they only last a year. I wish that they offered you a small discount on your next order or something when you send old tiles in to the company to be recycled.
b'Five Stars I LOVE my tile \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
Tried to use my tile mate to find my keys ... Tried to use my tile mate to find my keys this morning. FAIL! It didn't work until I found them and tapped the tile a few times. Bought it Feb 9th...less than 2 months ago.
I love it! I have used this almost every day since I got it to find my phone or my keys! I love it!
I love it. Everyone should have one. I can always find my keys and that remote control Everyone should have a tile. The tile will find my keys and remote control. I love it
Five Stars ADHD be gone.
Five Stars It works
If you press the button on the actual tile it ... If you press the button on the actual tile it will ring your phone.Please note—This does not locate your item on your phone if it is out of range. We put one on my dogs collar and once he was out of the yard the tile stopped locating him.
One Star 4 months in my tile battery died
... wrote a review lol But this product is really awesome.. It never disconnects Cant remember if i wrote a review lolBut this product is really awesome ..It never disconnects .It can ping your phoneIntuitive appEasy set up .Great product
It sucks. You can pair it It sucks. You can pair it, in the beginning, it works great. Then, the Bluetooth goes off. Last time I got my phone location, it was google.
Tiles are the best! I love my tiles! I can keep an eye on where my things are. I often set my purse down in different places in my house and then can’t find it. I love that I just push the button on my phone app and there it is!
Doesn’t last Purchased this for my husband for Christmas. He loved it. Worked well for finding his keys and wallet that he losses all the time. This would be a even more useful product if it actually lasted. It is now April and these things died a few weeks ago. Would love to say this is a great product but not when it doesn’t even last 3 months and costs $50.
For someone like me who loses their keys every 5 seconds For someone like me who loses their keys every 5 seconds. Tile if the truth. It rings just loud enough for you to find it. And also works everywhere. Unlike their competitors. Tile is the bomb!
Wish the price could have been better. prompt and swift delivery. Wish the price could have been better.
Five Stars really helped out
Forgetful, get a Tile Mate I love Tile Mates. They are so easy to setup. I love that you can see the GPS location of your item and the ringtone makes it incredibly easy to find anything.
These work great so far These work great so far. It would be awesome if they would come with small key rings to make them easier to attach to non standard objects, e.g., a plush toy.
Mixed emotions I had a hard time getting this to work. I needed help - of which I usually don't. It worked well for about 5 weeks andl then it stopped! I'm having a friend come over to help get it going again. I love the concept and when it works. Right now I'm pretty frustrated.
great gift great gift
My husband gets so frustrated with me losing my keys ... My husband gets so frustrated with me losing my keys. I put one on my keys, in my purse, we taped one up inside of the remote control and oddly enough I clip one to my autistic sons belt loop. He’s so quiet and doesn’t talk sometimes he is hard to find in the house.
Five Stars 
Really makes life easier I am so happy I found these. The days of running all over the house looking for items is over. Even works in reverse and finds my phone after my 5 yr old puts it down “somewhere”.
One Star The product needs WiFi to work:(
Four Stars works good
Easy, Setup! Easy to use and setup.
Love my tiles!!!!! Definitely a good investment if you are always misplacing your keys or wallet. Goes by Bluetooth and as you get closer you are able yo make it chime. Cheaper to buy in bundles than buying individually if ur going to end up buying multiple.
Five Stars Love it
don’t like it and mad i lost my wallet with the ... don’t like it and mad i lost my wallet with the Tile in it and the tile “couldn’t find it” no a good traker
Five Stars Does what it says it will do. What more could one ask.
Better than expected! There’s a lot negative reviews about these, but I love mine. I’ve been using them for almost two years, and I’ve never had an issue. Sure, I had to replace it after a year, but I’ve gotten my money’s worth out of both Tiles I’ve had. I will continue to buy and use them.
Great Sound. Sounds just as good as Beats. Great sound and very good price.
Five Stars Just awesome
but they make/made great "stocking" stuffers I don't know how many I bought (10?), but they make/made great "stocking" stuffers. Awesome, for sure!
Simply does not work. Shows the tile right next ... Simply does not work. Shows the tile right next to me when it's not. & when it is next to me, the map shows it several blocks away.
life savers these things save my life all the time! i have one for my keys and my wallet. 100% recommend. and make great gifts too
It works well to find your phone or your keys ... It works well to find your phone or your keys, but is only Bluetooth connected- not GPS, so you won't be able to see where your lost item is- only the last time your item and phone were next to each other. Also battery dies after one year you have to replace the entire tile- they don't sell batteries separately
Tile is used and won’t work. I received the tile in its box and tried to connect it and the app told me this tile is already in use. They have me a used tile.
Key finder Now on my key ring. Hope it helps if I loose them.
Five Stars Quite useful and worth the purchase
A worthy purchase Works great. I bought one for my Mom too. Can serve many purposes.
Two Stars its okay not that really accurate only works half the time and can't replace the batteries
Want to return I want to return this product - I had not tried to set it up until last night when my daughter was available to help. I did not realize that I had to purchase an app that would require a credit card to use. I don't subscribe to I Tunes and don't want to do so. I wish to return this product. It is in the original packaging and has not been used. How can I initiate a return? PKG
Five Stars It’s great
Five Stars As described. Thank you!
These are a great idea but I find they disconnect a lot These are a great idea but I find they disconnect a lot. The range is not as good in a normal house. Maybe these work well in appartments, but not homes with multiple levels (which is why we wanted, much easier finding things in a small appartment house, much harder with multiple levels).
I love that I can see it on GPS on my ... This tiny little device has kept me from losing both my keys and my phone on countless occasions. I love that I can see it on GPS on my phone and I love that just double clicking it will ring my phone, even on silent. This product worked great and I just ordered more!
Waste of Doesn't work past 20 feet. Waste of money
have the bad habit of misplacing their keys and cell phone to ... I purchased this tile in February and have been enjoying it since. I continue to encourage busy co-workers, whom, have the bad habit of misplacing their keys and cell phone to invest into the Tile. I'm actually going to purchase another one today. :)
Five Stars great product
LOVE IT!! Saves me so much time looking for stuff Just ping it and follow the sound!!
Not all they say it is! They claim your tile will find your phone. Just press the button and your phone with the app will ring. Believe me, unless the phone is on and the app is open it will not. Now if you miss place your phone what are the chances it will remain on. They time out if left still for 30 seconds. Their claim is bogus.
Good product but volume could be better My wife was constantly losing her iPhone and keys so I bought this 4-pack for the entire family. She's already used it a couple of times. My only wish is that the max volume could be higher. Difficult to hear if the tile is under a pillow or between seat cushions.
Five Stars Good product
Nice idea needs to last longer I have had it a month and it has quit working. Sometimes it rings sometimes it doesn’t
Only seems to work when it wants to. My ... Only seems to work when it wants to. My older Tile would always find my phone. This new one told me it couldn't find my phone and my phone was 10 feet away under the couch cushion (which I found a 1/2 hour later because ...my tile didn't work).
Life saver! This was the best gift I could have given my son for Christmas. He's always losing his keys and I got tired of running the spare to him 45 min away.
Findind my keys.. I only have cell phone ... Findind my keys .. I only have cell phone , being older and more forgetful , leads me to panic. My handy tile finds them for me ...
this is the greatest invention. everyone should have on their keys this is the greatest invention. everyone should have on their keys, wallet, anything you don't want to lose. so easy to track a lost item and use the sound feature to find it when you are closeby.
Don’t do it! Don’t bother! They work for 5 minutes and then when you REALLY need it to work, they never do. I don’t know why I bought 2 sets. Complete waste of money!I’m literally sitting here and it’s says it’s ringing, but it’s not.
Five Stars I’ve had mine since November, seems to work well!
One Star Absolute waste of money
Five Stars Great product!
good Nice and easy to use.
Great dog tracker I put it on my dog. Very easy set up and works like a charm. She hasn't run away yet but the peace of mind makes me feel better.
Five Stars Absolute love!
Life Saver Love it. Helps me find my phone or purse all the time. Definitely a life saver.
Works so-so,have to buy a new one every year Doesn’t work well and cannot change battery when it dies. Many many times I have tried to find my keys and the darn thing is sitting on a table and doesn’t ring!!! It is not dependable so don’t count on it - t might work sometimes. Also after a year the battery dies then you have to buy a NEW one at a “Discount” so, it’s a subscription. Tried to replace with a CR2025 battery and almost destroyed the case trying to open it - Why so difficult ...ah subscription! .. they want you to buy a new one ..When you think about 5-10 or so items you want to track, do you want to pay 100$ or so a year for 5-10 tiles which is a so-so product? No way..
Helps find things. Works well. The beeping isn't very loud but when it's quiet you can hear it.
My dad tested it out in the casino and it ... My dad tested it out in the casino and it didn't work as we thought it would be. We haven't used it since.
One Star Stopped working in only 1 month
Saves time and headaches! Tile seriously saved my butt a few times. I've left keys at the supermarket, in random jackets, etc. After being late to work because I couldn't find my keys, they all have tiles on them now. If I could only find my wallet, I might buy another....
Great Good product
Two Stars Would not work on Samsung Note8. Had to return it.
Great idea Love the idea. Especially after losing my keys and having to spend $600 for a new key fob. I just wish the tile would ring louder. doesn’t do you any good if you can’t hear the thing going off. works great to find your phone too.
USELESS if you aren’t 10ft away from item This thing is completely useless unless whatever you’re trying to find is within 10 feet of you! Ugh so frustrating!! It claims to work up to 300 feet away but if there are doors, walls, or anything else in the path it is NOT EFFECTIVE. I bought a four pack and I am absolutely regretting it.
Five Stars Sound is not that loud but the app does the job
it seems like it's doing its thing and I like it got one as a gift and one for myself on my backpack. been about a season and have never lost my backpack so never get to try it out. but after a few tests, it seems like it's doing its thing and I like it.
Faulty right out of the box I dislike the fact that it did not work right out of the box. I spent more time than I had to spend, following all the suggestions and still, nothing.I have come to the conclusion that the one I received is faulty. I hate it.Unfortunately I had sent for the 4 pack before knowing how frustratingly bad this one is.It was recognized for about 5 minutes but never once was able to ring, never!Sending back.
Five Stars Excellent in locating missing keys or phone or anything attached to. My mother in law has never been happier.
Three Stars Works most of the time.
Does a good job of tracking but the volume is extremely low Does a good job of tracking but the volume is extremely low. It has slipped under a jacket and I could barely hear the ring. Had to turn everything off and stand in different areas to finally hear the ring.
Product looked like it was used Ordered for Wife as a surprise. Product looked like it was used. When tried to activate product via app, product key was already used and invalid. Returning for a replacement. Hopefully it wont be the same situation again.
Five Stars So far love it
One Star Hey, i didnt get this Bluetooth finder
Doesn’t work I bought this for my Dad who loses his keys a lot but this didn’t help at all. This will be sitting next to his phone and we push the button and it doesn’t ring the phone. I’m really disappointed in this product.
Great Product! It saves my time from looking for my things all the time as i don’t remember where i keep my stuffs and keep loosing all the time.
One Star Really disappointed. Does not work with some Android phones.
Five Stars Totally love this! So nice if you can’t find keys or phone!
Five Stars Great product...Great idea!
... find my keys when they're setting a foot apart waste of money The only time this tile works is if I have my phone sitting right next to my keys whenever I can't find my phone or it's in another room it doesn't work and who needs it to find my keys when they're setting a foot apart waste of money
A necessary part of my life I have a tendency to misplace things all the time. I work nights and sometimes I have woken up to my find my keys in the pantry, laundry room, and even trash just because I am so tired and place my keys wherever. Tile is super easy to use and setup and the good thing is if I misplace my keys I can hit the button on my keys and my phone will ring even if on silent. I am so happy I bought this product.
It did not meet the requirement, It did not meet the requirement, as it only works within a short range but I throught it would work anywhere
NOT a Tracker I thought Tile would track your things through a satellite, something like a GPS chip, and show you the live location of something at any given moment. But no, it just connects to your phone's bluetooth and shows you the last place where it was connected to your phone. So, basically unless you are near the Tile and your phone's bluetooth is on, its no use. When it comes down to it, this is not a tracker. Its a memory device which requires a phone with bluetooth turned on and physical proximity.
stopped working after a couple of months of use - don't waste your $$!! stopped working after a couple of months of use!
Find your keys I bought this for my dad as a present. It's awesome. He losses his keys all the time. I only wish it had better tones for people with hearing loss. He could only hear one tone because others were high pitched
Love them I like these, I think they’re super cool and make me have less of a freak out when I misplace something. The batteries are only good for a year but I’m more than willing to replace the tiles when they go bad. Worth it for peace of mind.
Five Stars Nice it actually works
One Star Sucks
Crap I am always losing my keys so I figured this would be great for me. Boy was I wrong! It never works! EVER! Unless I am holding my keys in my hand it wont beep. Same with if I need to find my phone. I tested it today, I was looking at my phone and I pressed the button to find my phone and nothing. Never works when I need it to work. What a waste.
Five Stars This has been a lifesaver. I have a tile in my key and one on my schedule book.
Load the app and USE IT!!!! It WORKS!!! It WORKS!!!!! LOVE THE TILES!!! Couldn’t find my keys without it!!!!!!!
Five Stars So easy to find my keys now!!
Five Stars GOOD PRICE
For kids lovies When I saw the commercial with the little girl and her panda, I immediately ordered one. It seems like every night we search the house for the sheep. Bottom of the toy box, snack bin in the pantry, under the curtains, I swear he hides that thing from himself. But now I just hit a button on my phone and we find it in seconds, no tears (me or him!) Worth every penny.
Five Stars I love the item it's very useful to me
Not All That I purchased this Tile to help me keep track of my new cat. She was hiding in various places when I first brought her into my home. I added this to her collar and labeled it with my phone number on it, just in case. The app is supposed to help you locate the tile and cause the tile to ring so you can locate it. If there is no extra noise and I’m within a few feet of it, I can hear the chime. It is pretty quiet, so I have to listen carefully. The locator map on the app is off. It won’t put the tile together with my phone if I’m right on top of it. I was hoping to find it by following the app and walking room to room. Doesn’t happen. Only way I can locate the tile is through the little chime sound. If it were outside, I don’t think I’d ever locate it.
b'Excellent purchase for myself lol facts tht???????? It will be ... Excellent purchase for myself lol facts tht???????? It will be mad ez to locate my car keys ?? now lol ??'
Five Stars I love this tile I would recommend too
The tile locator is an amazing way to locate my keys or phone The tile locator is an amazing way to locate my keys or phone. I am not sure how stress free my life would be without it. Love it.
I love that you can find your keys from the app ... I kept losing my keys and this has change my world! I love that you can find your keys from the app on your phone and also you can find your phone from pressing the tile button on your keys. Solved so many problems with misplacing my phone and keys!
Five Stars Amazing
Works great for me Have tested it in the house and can always find it. Hope I never have to test the community response part. I also bought one of the decorative cases and hang it on my purse. A cute touch.
You do have to have a smart phone to use it This is probably the most important item I own. You do have to have a smart phone to use it...That means, don't loose your phone and your keys at the same time.
Definately buy it! If I could rate this 6 stars I would! I am in love with these.. I bought the 4 pack. Really great product and idea.
Worth it! This little gadget has saved me several times. I LOVE it!
Horrible battery life, died after 2 months Stopped working after 2 months. I purchased this January 2018, and it no longer works -- after it never even being used to find my keys! Battery life is horrible, and it is barely functioning. I left my keys in a lecture hall, only to realize that the Tile was dead after literally two months of not using it. Thank goodness that I had my name on my keys and someone turned it in. Only works if my phone is right in front of the Tile. It also requires that Bluetooth always be on on your phone, which is a huge battery drainer for your phone. Overall a pretty horrible product.
The battery in the tile mate only lasts a year at most. Then, you're spending more money. No one tells you about that. Works fine but I guess I didn't realize it was only good for a year and then you have to spend more money for a replacement.
Lifesaver! I’d be lost without it! I lose my keys all the time and this saves me so much time looking for them!
Five Stars Helps me keep track of phone wallet etc and good price
Five Stars Works perfectly
Was able to locate my lost wallet and I’ve only had Tile for a week! A week after receiving my Tile, I left my wallet in a shopping cart in a parking lot. Luckily I had a Tile stashed in my wallet and was able to locate and get it in no time! Even just knowing that Tile was able to direct to the last place it was tracked (which ended up being where it was) brought much piece if mind. Absolutely worth the investment.
Great product for those who lose their keys!! Lifesaver!!! I constantly lose both my keys and phone. One tile keychain has helped alleviate the loss of both items!
Goes obsolete too quickly This was really helpful while it worked, but after several months it didn't anymore. Customer service was responsive, but it didn't fix the problem, and then I got an email from Tile that my battery is about to expire and offering me an "upgrade" to a newer one at a "special price." 'This is really disappointing to me, as I don't buy tech only to replace it every year completely, because it's bad for the environment and just a waste of money.
Five Stars Works as advertised.
This was a gift and now I need to return it because it's not new like stated. It showed up without any of the packaging for the product. Box, instructions, anything! This was a gift and now I need to return it because it's not new like stated.
Perfect for car keys Perfect for car keys. I thought I left my keys at the park and instead of going to check, I launched tile. Turns out my wife had the keys.
Awesome! Makes me much more comfortable knowing I have ... Awesome! Makes me much more comfortable knowing I have it on my keys. After having believed I lost in at a huge soccer complex, someone told me about this. So glad I found it! Thanks.
Totally love it. Works great No more worry about can't ... Totally love it. Works greatNo more worry about can't find my phone
Great! But wish I could replace the batteries and not buy a new one I don’t lose my keys often but for the rare times it happens this is an absolute lifesaver! This is my second tile for my keys and it was worth buying again even though I used the first probably less than 5 times. The only reason I knock off a star is that the battery dies after a year regardless of use. I wish it was a replaceable battery and you didn’t just have to buy a new Tile every year. Other than that it has been great and obviously the few times I needed it was enough to make me buy it again. We’ll see if after this year it is still worth having to buy a new one again.
One Star tile is in use already activated I cant use it unless owner transfers ?????
Disappointment. Mostly fails to connect or fails to maintain connection with iPhone X. Not worthed
Great gift for our son Great gift for our son. He's always loosing his phone and keys. It was easy for him to link and he's gotten a lot of use out of it.
Three Stars Location notification takes over 24 hours.
Game changer!! I don’t know how I survived so long without this! Works great and so convenient when you’re in a rush. No complaints or anything I would change
The battery died only after a few months of you ... The battery died only after a few months of you Lisa and the company keeps asking me to buy a replacement tile.
Five Stars I love it
One Star Never activated. Couldn’t get it to sync with my phone.
One Star was not really worth the money.
Completely useless if you ever want to connect your phone to anything else via Bluetooth, ever Had to Return this because it's completely useless in practically locating lost keys. I lose my keys all the time, so I thought this would be great. Turns out, unless you maintain a Bluetooth connection to it 100% of the time, the Tile will never reconnect to your device automatically. At least it didn't for me. I connected my phone to my car to listen to Pandora, then when I was looking for my keys later, I couldn't locate the keys 30' away from me because the phone couldn't reconnect to the Tile via Bluetooth. I had to manually pair it again which means I had to have it in my hand which negates its entire purpose. Super disappointed.
Need it but has issue Have a bit of a problem with the alert going off lots of times AFTER item has been located. Can't seem to find a way to delete the search.
I bought the Tile Mate Key Finder phew days ago ... I bought the Tile Mate Key Finder phew days ago and when you press on the tile two times it supposed to ring my cell phone but all I get is a very faint beep I have to put my ear real close to my phone to hear it beep,Please help me find a way to get the Tile to work I'm thinking to remove the apps and then reinstalling it maybe that might work!!
I had this Item before and I bought it this ... I had this Item before and I bought it this time because the one that I had ran out of battery(tile original) and it used to work very well, but this one does not, it takes more than 5min sometimes the Tile get pair with my phone and if I lose my phone when I press the tile says that is not pair with the phone even if I have the Bluetooth On..
Life sucked before when I didn’t have one of these for ... Life sucked before when I didn’t have one of these for everything that matters to me! Keys ,car ,wallet ,even man lol don’t judge me!
No battery replacement If you don’t keep the app running constantly it doesn’t keep track. Battery not replaceable. Otherwise very cool.
Dog finder Works on the dog
I hope everyone liked them. Purchased these as stocking stuffers. I hope everyone liked them.
Two Stars Never used it’s and not loud
good in theory I didn't realize when I bought this, that I would have to buy a new one every year. I didn't buy it for the second year. I think overall the tile is a great idea. I just had issues with it. There is a certain way you have to push the button to make it work- double click or something? I don't know. Anyway, I bought this because I lose my phone all the time. I could only get my tile to work half the time. So, I guess this is helf awesome? I don't know. I didn't feel like is was worth buying again.
DO NOT BUY Product only lasted 3 months and it was supposed to last a year. Never purchasing again. Very disappointing.
They are great! Have tiles on all our pets. They are great!
Five Stars A+++
After countless attempts to do better at not losing my keys I have always been "that guy" who misplaces my keys. After countless attempts to do better at not losing my keys, I realized that it wasn't worth the risk (Losing your wallet is expensive). I bought a Tile as a way to make sure that I would never lose my wallet again. 2.5 years later I have been able to avoid renewing a drivers license, canceling credit cards, and the other issue that accompany losing a wallet. This device has been very effective and does exactly what I needed it to do. I love my tile and plan to use one for the foreseeable future!Why might this device not be for you?Tile uses bluetooth for tracking, so it cannot be found if it is far away from your bluetooth enabled device or those of other tile users. There is still a chance that Tile wont be able to find your lost item. Also, if you don't carry a smartphone, don't buy a Tile.-
Fantastic product i use this every day. Im a 27 year old man. Fantastic product
These take all the headaches out of traveling and knowing where all your things are including where you parked your car. Once you hide them in your luggage and your car you are all set. You can always locate your things right away. Perfect for traveling.Tile Mate Key Finder, Phone Finder, 4-pack (Packaging May Vary)
Fantastic product This worked so well for my wife's keys that we're thinking about getting some for the remotes.
One Star Don't waste your money. The few times I tried to use it, it didn't work
I wish there was a way to lock the button ... I wish there was a way to lock the button on the tile itself, otherwise this product has been a life saver!
b"JUNK!!!!!!WAST OF MY TIME AND MONEY Not even a 1 star!!!! Didn't even work. Didn't track my car at all. Has been updating for 13hrs!!!!!! Really my car could be in Mexico by now. Dumb title I know where it's at but I wanted to see if it works. NOPE???????? junk"
Not worth the money Bought this item in January of this year - it is no longer working. Waste of money.
Buy these! LOVE THESE! Haven't lost my keys or cell phone since buying them.
We are annual passholders at Disney and I was nervous ... We are annual passholders at Disney and I was nervous about our stroller being stolen since you have to leave it to get on rides. I hid the Tile under the undercarriage and feel safe knowing I can track it down at any time!
A must have!!! An ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE! I just bought my second 4 pack!!!!!
Died too soon Worked fine initially but I was afraid of this - the battery died after less than five months. I probably got one sitting at the back of the shelf for months. Each tile package should have a "date packaged" stamped on the packaging, or a "use by" date. I like it while it worked but having to ship it back? I'm currently outside the US, that wouldn't work. I'd rather find one with a rechargeable or swappable battery. .
I longer recommend Can no longer recommend Tile trackers, have used the original, the mateand pro. The original worked great, can’t say the same for the mate or pro, 1/2 of the ones I have bought recently, have had some sort of malfunction. I have contact Tile within the app a few times, but have not received a response.
Five Stars As described and great price.Thank you.
Five Stars Love this so much. Never lose my keys now
Five Stars Thank you for a gr at product
Five Stars PerfectThanks
Highly Recommend! The tile mate key finder is a five star product. The tile mate is something I recommend everyone purchase as it can be a life saver when it comes to finding your keys or other valuables you may misplace. Just last week I lost my keys to my workplace but with the help of the Tile Mate I was able to locate my keys in a matter of minutes. This product came just as described and I am completely satisfied.
Four Stars I love how simple and helpful this is.
One Star It rained and now my tile doesn't have a working Bluetooth
How do I contact seller? My tile that I've ... How do I contact seller? My tile that I've owned less than 1 year has stopped working. The battery has died.
One Star Hardly ever works
Love this! Have used many times Love this! Have used many times!
Three Stars Wish it had something to stick the tile to !
Five Stars Never find my keys as easy since I own a tile.
Durable and Loud Ring I hate to admit how many times I have had to use these since we bought them. We got four, two for me and two for my husband, and put them in our wallets and on our keys. They have a nice loud ring and the feature that allows you to ring your phone from the tile is perfect (since I lose that just as often as I lose my keys). They’re also pretty durable since I tend to drop everything and have yet to break one.
Four Stars They are a little user unfriendly but they get the job done if you know how to use them
Cracked on first day in routine use Felt great looked great but cracked in less than 6 hours with routine use.
Four Stars Love it....it was a gift for my brother...
Stopped working after less than 2 months I’ve used a Tile for years for my daughter’s lovie. The first one held up for a couple years, the second for less than a year (I may have put it in the wash), but this last one stopped working after less than 2 months. It didn’t get wet. To add to frustration, the Tile app is little help with the return/refund. Super frustrating.
Product is great just don’t forget to turn app on again after ... Product is great just don’t forget to turn app on again after going into airplane mode. Even if the app is open it won’t track your tiles unless you close and reopen the app
Five Stars Love It!
I was notoriously bad for misplacing my car keys until I purchased these I was notoriously bad for misplacing my car keys until I purchased these. I attached one to each of our keys (and to my AirPod’s carry case) so now I don’t have to scramble around in the morning like a maniac to look for my car keys. One quick button push in the app and my keys start ringing in the house and I can quickly track them down. I can also use my keys to find my phone, even if it’s on silent, which is a convenient feature too. Several of my friends have purchased them for themselves and/or family members after seeing how well mine work.
One Star Directions to connect to my cell phone hard to follow. Still doesn’t work.
I Hate Hate Hate this product I never do reviews but had to on this one. These things are trash!!! Might work 20%of time. I have even tried with keys and phone within 5ft of eachother and it couldn't find them. I Hate Hate Hate this product.
These are AWESOME cant live without them! Have hours of your life saved so you can enjoy not search for lost stuff! LOVE these and live how much free time we have mot having to find lost stuff! If you have dogs or cats or kids or visitors or anything that could make your stuff end up in weird places, these are for you. Only reason didn’t get 5 stars is the sound isn’t loud enough. If it’s beneath even a pair of jeans or something you may not hear and I have good hearing. Out in the open,like dropped keys, it’s a cinch though, and the app shows you how close you are kind of like playing a game of “hot & cold” like when we were kids. Hey these would be good for finding your kids lol! Good product, durable, you won’t regret.Wanted to add to be fair that protective cover my husband added may muffle some of sound, so checked and it does slightly but imho still needs to be a bit louder. On plus side wont damage little ears if they hold them up to their ears
Five Stars Life saver
Sometimes doesn’t connect Love the features on these. My only thing I dislike is that they don’t always connect.
Not having to worry about losing my keys is amazing! As someone who loses everything, this product has saved me so many times and gives me peace of mind. I've lost my car keys in the past and had to pay hundreds of dollars. Not having to worry about losing my keys is amazing!
It is good to have them This is second set and second year. I actually never had need to use them because since I have them I did not lose my keys. Must be psychological. I would be nice if I had those tile before I paid almost $600 for lost Mercedes key.
Disappointed that the batteries do not last longer and tiles ... I have found it very helpful. Disappointed that the batteries do not last longer and tiles need replaced so soon.
Five Stars Saves us every day!
Good not great Needs to be louder and have a further distance.
Helps you find and track lost items We had a set of older tiles from a couple years ago and just replace them. These tiles have saved up several times from leaving keys in stores to my son not being able to find his wallet or even in the house finding the loan key to one of our cars. If you only have one key to your vehicle I definitely would recommend putting a tile on it because having to replace it is expensive! Also we put them in purses just in case they get stolen or lost and my favorite of course is my son's wallet so we can always figure out which friends house he left it at. When my husband bought the first set I was uncertain why we even needed them, but after losing a set of car keys I have figured out the importance of them.
Perfect gift! I bought this as a gift for my mom who loses her keys and phone almost daily. She loves it! She can click the keychain to find her phone and use the app on her phone to locate her keys!
Two Stars Run out of battery after 4 months send email to get replace never get answers.
Five Stars i love tile it works very well
If you are prone to misplacing things you need this ... If you are prone to misplacing things you need this. I want it for EVERYTHING! It makes finding things so much easier. Just remember to always keep app running on your phone.
No range. If something is as close to you as this needs to be, within Blutooth range it really isn't lost.
Five Stars Best tracking device I have found so far. The only downside is that you can't replace the battery.
Perfect for the friend who leaves their keys anywhere This is the perfect gift for the friend who always loses their keys. It arrived in perfect shape and works great! It connects to an app. and you can find your keys and if your phone is lost you can use the tile on your keys to find your phone.It has a certain life on the battery but it's worth getting another one once this dies. The price is great on this product and I would definitely recommend it to the friend who refuses to admit they need a key hook by their front door.
Five Stars I couldn’t live without my tiles. Use them daily to find my phone and keys.
Can’t lose Can always find my keys and my car. It’s likelo-jack on a budget!!!
One Star Does not work.
Battery on these things is not long lived They're great but in under 3 months 3 stopped working.
Five Stars Gave as a gift and she loved it! Now I need one too!
DOESN'T WORK, DO NOT BUY!!! Piece of junk that doesn't work!!! DO NOT BUY!!
Hands down one of the best things I have bought for my loved ones that ... Hands down one of the best things I have bought for my loved ones that lose stuff pretty quickly! I originally bought this for my dad, who often loses his wallet a couple times a month. After buying this for him, he's not as worried anymore losing it 'cause he knows he's gonna find a lot quicker and easier than before. My mom bought this for the whole family and even gave it to a few friends! definitely worth the buy!
Five Stars Awesome
Do not buy a Tile or Tile package from a ... Do not buy a Tile or Tile package from a retail store. I bought a set of Tiles just before Christmas and the batteries died out about 6 weeks later. I suspect the Tiles were sitting back in a storeroom for 8-9 months before being set out with the Christmas displays. :-(
Poor instructions and a major battery suck I’m sending these back. Poor instructions and a major battery suck.
Ok device I like that it actually does know where you last left your item; however, the sound it makes is not loud enough to hear unless you are next to the item.
Where is my phone? Problem solved. Absolutely love this product. Use often to find my phone lol!
Works great! Would buy again! My husband got these because we have a habit of losing phones and keys in the kids clutter. I’ve used them several times, both to find my keys and my phone. The app works great. It’s almost lime a treasure hunt!Will probably use more for other things that seem to disappear when the kids play with them.
I love this thing I can’t believe how many times I have had to use it since I got it for Christmas! I love this thing!
One Star Difficult to set up
Perfect, except.... This is a good product. It works as promised. It gives me peace of mind. The only drawback is that it's only good for one year. It would great if it could be recharged, like pretty much everything else.
Doesn't have a replaceable battery It works as advertised, somewhat. But as the power fades it becomes unusable... and the reason I am giving it 1 star. There is no way to replace the battery. It takes about a year for the battery to stop working then they try to get you to get a new replacement Tile for around $20. No way, I'l find a key finder that has a replaceable battery. Tile is a rip off.
Four Stars Success in locating items. Volume low, not older hearing friendly
Five Stars This was a Christmas gift. My mother loves it. I think she purchased more for my dad.
Very useful and good quality product Bought for my brother then my dad asked for one as well. Very useful and good quality product.
Five Stars nice technology
Great purchase! Update: I bought two of these. The one I bought as a gift quit working after a month. Such a bummer since the warranty was out.This is so easy to use. Love that I can find my keys or my phone since I lose them all the time. These make great Christmas presents.
Five Stars I so needed this in my life!!!!!!!
Five Stars Worked as advertised.
Either it’s finding my keys or my keys finding my phone just keep on your Bluetooth Needs Bluetooth
Small, lightweight and useful for tracking commonly lost items Very easy to use to locate lost keys or phone
MUST HAVE FOR KEYS Must have for keys and other items with a keyring. I bought the combo pack at Target and bought extras as Christmas gifts. I bought this one at Amazon because it was more affordable and I only needed the ones for keyrings. I misplace items all the time and this has been a lifesaver. I put them on my kids backpacks and also my airpods case (I bought a case which came with a carabiner). I just wish I didn't have to be in range to find my items but it makes sense because of the Bluetooth. I have lost one tracker that was on my child's backpack and I'm sure I'll never see it again. I don't think enough people know about the Tile app. Although it says I have over 1,000 users in my city.
No good Don't work very well, when you want it doesn't work
Four Stars Used it 3 times the first week.Con: no replaceable battery.
Great... when it works. When it works, it's amazing. But on a few occasions I go to push the tile to find my phone and it doesn't ring my phone. So I'm back to looking high and low for my phone even though this is the whole reason I purchased this item. It's more frustrating having the tile not work then miss placing my phone in the first place. BUT, like I said when it works... I love it.
Three Stars 3 of the 4 died, 5 to 9 months after receiving them.
Not worth it. You have to be close to the item with your phone to find it or it will just tell you an address it was last at. Highly disappointed.
This thing is a life saver I use it AT ... This thing is a life saver I use it AT LEAST once a day bc I’m the one in the family who is constantly losing her phone & Keys
It already paid for itself. My toddler put my ... It already paid for itself. My toddler put my keys in the trash and I would have NEVER found them without my Tile.
Five Stars Works great.
Works as intended. Glad I bought this. Works great for my son's keys that he's either losing or misplacing all the time. Great that 2 people can link to one device (meaning he can find them with the app on his phone, and so can I. Great buy.
The range is good. The subscription model? Not so good. Ok, LOVE the product, HATE the subscription model. But they work really well. My apartment is 3000 sq feet, long and narrow. Yet if I leave my keys at one end and I'm at the other end, they chirp away until I find them. Also, this is good or bad, depending on your tolerance for email/spam, but once you buy and register them, you will get regular offers from Tile to sell you more at really good prices. I bought 4, so I don't need more, but if you need a lot, this might be a good way to get the price down.
Four Stars Wish it was louder.
Four Stars Wish you could replace the batteries.
The best thing I have purchased in a long time! I absolutely love it! It's truly a lifesaver for those that can't get in the habit of leaving their keys in the same place everyday. I just wish I would have purchased it a long time ago, I could have saved myself from getting written up at work for being late because I couldn't find my keys. lol
Five Stars Used it several times to find my keys.
Five Stars Love it. Totally worth the price.
Brand new, not working! I lose my keys more often than the normal person, so I assumed Tile would be perfect for me! I have been sadly disappointed so far. Immediately after receiving the product I unboxed it and began trying to pair it with the app. Unfortunately the key would not make the sound like it was supposed to on the first step of pairing it. So I go through all trouble shooting steps provided on Tile's (lacking) support page. Still nothing.. So I attempt to find a contact or customer support but they have done a great job at hiding that as well. I finally found an email on the fine print in the warranty and have tried to contact them with no luck so far. Wouldn't recommend.
Five Stars Xmas gift
The link could not always be established. The "ring ... The link could not always be established. The "ring tone" is very quiet. But it works for our purpose...to find keys in the house.
Love! My husband trains dogs and we put these ... Love! My husband trains dogs and we put these on dog collars of new dogs just in case one would dart out the door. Since our home is not familiar, once they are out, the likelihood of returning would be slim to none. Great piece of mind for us and dog owners. Also have on keys and work badge. Highly recommend but would love to see a next gen where user can replace the watch battery inside to prevent annual replacements and waste.
It worked exactly like I wanted it to It worked exactly like I wanted it to, and more! I bought it as a Christmas present for my grandmother who recently lost her car keys. She later found them under her driver's seat! She also loses her phone so this is PERFECT! WOULD BUY AGAIN!
Two of them are about to make it a year ... Two of them are about to make it a year while the other two made it roughly half the year. If all actually made it a year I would consider purchasing again, but not worth it at it’s price how unreliable it is.
they stopped working while on vacation lost my keys wallet and USB drive that had half vacation in videos and photos 2/4 of these stopped working at an incredibly inconvent time while on vacation lost my irreplaceable usb drive with half of my family's vacation pictures videos and moments that was attached to my keys. I used this tile tracker in the past when misplacing my keys/wallet unfortunately when push came to shuv these things stopped working at a terrible time. the only thing I noticed that I thought was strange was the tiles randomly were beeping in sets of 3 as if maybe the battery was dieing? bad luck
Doesn't work Doesn't work. Even when your item is right next to the phone, this tile can't find it. I should have paid closer attention to the other reviewers.
Three Stars IT was a gift. I’m not sure how to use it..
Beware - battery is non-replaceable My wife bought this to help find keys, but was very disappointed with the small print stating that it has a "non-replaceable" battery! Sent it right back.
Worked fine and in fact needed it a couple of times ... Worked fine and in fact needed it a couple of times when my husband misplaced his items... my single largest issue is the need to replace them every year.
returned. you have to leave something running on your ... returned. you have to leave something running on your phone. also could not get my phone to discover it.
Five Stars Awesome
Excellent, thrifty choice for security One of the first four did not work, but Amazon set everything right in less than 36 hours. These Tiles are NOT the super slim ones, but I was able to secrete them into my purse and few other tight spots very easily anyway.
Five Stars Awesome product!
This is a great invention. And it works really well to find ... This is a great invention. And it works really well to find a wallet that gets misplaced a lot.
Stops working Neat when it worked which was maybe six months. Several of them don’t work now. Returns thru warranty are a hassle — we will see if it is possible.
Five Stars No more lost keys
Four Stars suitable
One Star The tile came with a dead battery...had to return it...
Great for anyone who loses things Works like described. Easy as 1-2-3
9/10 It’s a nice tracker, I just wish the GPS was live feed
It’s the best! I don’t lose my keys or my phone. It’s the best!
Did not work in my time of need. Not good. I lost my keys and the tile did not work. I found my keys and pressed silver buton and it did not work. I would like to give the tile another chance. Please contact me.
Five Stars Awesome! Great it!
One Star Doesn't work everytime I ring them only occasionally.
Five Stars it was a gift
Doesn’t work when you need it most. Does not work when you need it most. Even when it’s right next to iPhone still doesn’t.
Waste of money. Don't buy it. Waste of money. Don't buy it.There are much better options out there.This didn't last long at all. Its a waste of money. Wish I could get my money back.I will NEVER buy from this company again.
Great, easy to use! I bought this for my husband for Christmas. He is a diabetic and constantly misplacing his tester. He put this in the inside pocket of the diabetic tester so when he cant find it, he just goes to the free app on his phone (that he never misplaces) and turns on the locator. The tile sets off an alert sound and makes it easy to find. If he ever happened to misplace his phone but not his tester (this will never happen), he can use the tile to locate his phone. Even if the phone is in silent mode, the tile will make the phone ring and easily found.
It works for now but it’s SUPER fishy because the tile just came in a baggy It works for now but it’s SUPER fishy because the tile just came in a baggy, it didn’t come with the box or instructions or anything so I had no idea how it worked or what to do. I had to to look it up on google. Also I don’t think this will last me since it’s probably a used one... really disappointed I paid $20 for a used tile with no instructions.
Five Stars Very convenient
Five Stars It’s been helpful!
Great item Tile was defective. Customer service was great and shipped a new one to me pronto. Works great and can find my keys now.
If you lose your phone and your keys at the same time, it helps to add a friend to the tile! It’s a life saver! I do wish they lasted longer though. I would use more of them if the cost was lower.
Useful for finding keys in the house Got a 4 pack so I could gift the other ones. They're not individually packaged as I thought they would be lol... my own mistake though. This rating is based only on the ringing your thing feature and as far as that goes, it does what it's supposed to. I usually lose my keys around the house so it makes it easier to find. I haven't tried the tile community whatever. Seems kinda useless honestly.Tile itself is super easy to connect to your phone. So if you're looking for something to ping your keys, this does the job.
Five Stars Work great to find the things my daughter looses all the time!
Love these things Love these things. I am always losing my phone and keys so does the job of both for me!
One Star I love my tile bu t this one only lasted 3 months. Bad battery, is my guess
Do Not Purchase I am so very disappointed in this product. I placed one on each of my most important items that I didn't want to lose and these tiles did not help. They are not very pleasant to look at, I do not need everyone to see that I own a tile. This product did not refresh locations properly, so when I misplaced my important item, I have still have been unable to locate it after two months. Very disappointing and very unhelpful!
Well I think I can hear my keys..photo does not show keys that haven’t been found yet., Well, I think I can hear my keys. Yes, I think I can hear my keys...not the best product for us aging vets that have hearing loss. Have to edit for someone younger to stop by to listen...also my cell phone never did make a sound..
Not impressed I put the tile on a sign post for an hour in a busy section of a city. Never got an alert that it was located. Wasn't until I was about 30 feet away that I got an alert on my phone. Also put it in a car for a couple days and never got an alert as to its location. Not impressed.
Use it more than I’d like to admit Bought this as a fill in gift for my boyfriend. He didn’t seem to happy about it at first, but he uses it way more often than he will admit. If you loose your keys you can find it with your phone and vise versa. The only downside is that he’s only had it for a few months and the tile is already starting to wear down. Otherwise it’s been great so far.
One Star It doesn't work most of the time.
Useless Waste of money.
One Star First received an empty box, and now my tile battery has died after only a month. Wow.
MY BEST INVESTMENT OF 2017 MY BEST INVESTMENT OF 2017. Would recommend to everyone! I have keys that would literally cost me HUNDREDS to replace. This is a life saver, and calls your phone which is an added bonus
Five Stars Great only problem is when my phone is out ofCharge
Tile - It just works Love everything about my Tile from finding my keys, protecting my outside items to protecting a bike....... Everything works and the app to find everything is user friendly. Recommend highly!
The Tile Mate makes everyone's life a bit easier! I got this is a gift for my dad, who constantly loses things. The Tile Mate makes everyone's life a bit easier!
One Star We opened it and it doesn’t even turn on
It’s great when it actually works I have gotten two as gifts and I’m not sure I’d recommend. When it works it’s helpful, but I have found that the ring tone is either really quiet or doesn’t work at all. Also, you have to have your Bluetooth on all the time to have it work which drains the battery on your phone
Unreliable Tile works great until it doesnt. I bought these replacement tiles for ones whose battery had died. Unlike Track R, Tile batteries are not replaceable. I paired a new tile to be attached my keys. Unfortunately, the app would not locate the new tile. Now none of my 6 tiles work. And that’s not because of drained batteries. I’m tempted to just give up on Tile, and buy Track R, But the Amazon reviews for that app are no better. The intended purpose of this app is so desirable, that it will be great when one of these companies perfects the idea. Not Tile, yet.
Five Stars excellent product!
Love Tile Mates!! Love my tile mate, I have several because there are so many ways to use them!
YOU ARE GONNA LOOSE YOUR KEYS ANYWAY!!! Short Distance only, many times I couldn't find my keys almost on front of me, after 2 month stop ringing. IT WAS BETTER TO FIND MY IPHONE! sad the phone already has an App for that.
Four Stars I will never lose my purse again! wish the rigger was a bit louder though.
it works... but I have had it ... it works ... but I have had it 11 months and it is telling me that two of my four tiles are low on battery power. But can I just change the battery? No ... I have to spend more $40+ to buy two more tiles to replace them.I used the tile once when I lost my keys in a casino. We tracked it and it said it was in the casino. It was not so helpful. I walked around and around trying to hear the phone ring but the casino is not a quiet place. So there are instances it still won't help you much.
You won’t lose anything attached to this tile again I got these tiles for my boyfriend who constantly seems to be losing his keys or wallets. Set up was quick and easy and I’m so impressed with this product. I would strongly recommend these little tiles to anybody who loses things easily.
This product's installation and operation was a total disaster. ... This product's installation and operation was a total disaster. Spent over three hours with technical support. They could not help.
Don't wast your money. Do not rely on these "trackers", they do not always track, especially if you receive DEFECTIVE ones as I did. And the Tile company is able to say only "I'm sorry, but there's nothing we can do".Do NOT attach anything to a Tile that you ever want to see again.
I Sure wish u had invested the $20 before I ... I Sure wish u had invested the $20 before I lost my keys. The cost for a new key and fob was $350!
It's great on a keychain I bought this 4-pack after my son and I both lost our keys. I use it at least once a week when I'm too lazy to look for my phone or keys. It's great on a keychain, but too fat for a wallet. Buy a "Tile Slim" if you want to put one in your wallet.
This device has changed my life! I'm never looking ... This device has changed my life! I'm never looking for my keys or phone anymore. I can't believe I lived so long without one!
Buyer be ware of extra fee Buyer be ware they also charge you a $29.99 one time fee for replacement. I was unable to find that listed anywhere in the description and a bit shocked when I was charged the fee. I bought a variety pack with 2 key chain and 2 slim and wasn't charged the replacement fee. Overall the product is very good, helps my forgetful husband alot.
Excellent product that needs a longer battery life This has been a life saver. However, the tiles have irreplaceable batteries. Mine ran out very quickly due to how much I use it. (probably locate my keys at least once or twice a day). I hope they come out with something longer lasting, or able to be charged soon, instead of having to buy a whole new tile every time it dies.
Kids love them. One tile on his keys and one ... Gave a gifts. Kids love them. One tile on his keys and one on his phone.
Had to get a replacement. I had these Tiles for about a month before I had any issues. 3/4 of the Tiles worked after a month, but one didn't. I used Amazon's great return service and got a replacement. After a month, all still work. The products work great, although if you try to ring a shared Tile from your phone, and it's connected to another one, you can't ring it. Just work on quality control.
Great product easy set up Great buy for my mom who constantly misplaces her keys
Great software, good volume Great software, good volume, decent range, non-replaceable batteries. Tile's the only tracker I've used where the distributed network actually found lost items for me; it's just hard to swallow paying for new trackers each year when they aren't even waterproof/sealed.
One Star could not get to work.
As someone who constantly loses their keys and phone, ... As someone who constantly loses their keys and phone, this was a god send. Now I just need the slim tile for my wallet and I will be set!
Hard to Narrow down the location of an item I got this to help my daughter keep track of her keys. When you try to locate something with it the map you can pull up shows the keys to be within a very large area. I had hoped you could zoom in or narrow the map down to at least a few buildings but the map covers several miles and the keys could be anywhere in that area. The sound feature is nice, but disappointed in the location map. If she lost hem again I think it would be hard to find the needle in the haystack!
Better experience buying Tile product directly from tile Better experience buying Tile product directly from tile. This tile doesn't last as long. It died less than 3 months after purchasing.Very disspointed
Three Stars Directions are very hard to understand. Can't get wife's to work.
Four Stars Would like for the chime to be a bit louder
One Star Unless I’m near the item , I can’t see where they are . What’s the whole point ?
Five Stars Works great, easy use and setup. Definitly great deal at $19.
It has the perfect number of "finders" for a small family Bought this as a present for my niece and her husband. It has the perfect number of "finders" for a small family. It works perfectly. With both Android and iOS apps, this product is perfect for them. It works exactly as described! No more lost keys! It can also be used to find your phone.
Feed back is good as expected Sorry for taking so long. Feed back is good as expected, thanks for a nice product! Happy with everything so far.Don R. In Lakewood, CA
Five Stars My sister loves it!
Two Stars Only worked for few months.
the only thing I did not like is the low volume sound Actually, the only thing I did not like is the low volume sound. I can't hear it more than 5 feet away.
only lasts 6 months to a year then you have to buy again Very cool but only last a year, new ones out (different brand) that are battery operated do you don’t have to keep buying it.
Great buy I bought this product as a Christmas gift for my cousin and she loves it she says it's very convenient.
Not only does it help me to find my keys ... Not only does it help me to find my keys when I lose them, but if I hit the button on my keys it locates my phone when I misplace it too.
Was a great Christmas gift for them Kids are always losing their keys. Was a great Christmas gift for them.
Five Stars Reliable and useful
Great but expensive Love love love this product. I wish I could afford to buy more. My only critique is the price but it has been awesome!
Five Stars Works great!
Poor My Tiles all dies prior to the one year warranty. Company will not respond for request for replacement
Four Stars Like it but it is not always reliable. better than nothing at all
Five Stars Great product!
Five Stars Use it ALL THE TIME and love it !!!
Always turns off and can't find my phone even when ... Always turns off and can't find my phone even when Bluetooth is connected, also the volume is very low when it decides to ring.
Easy set up, easy to use, Great tool to have best Christmas present for my mom. She is always losing stuff especially her keys. easy to set up, easy to use. She is thinking of buying more herself
Five Stars Worked just as prescribed!
The app is easy to use and the device itself works great I bought this as a gift. The one I ordered was defective, and the company (Tile) replaced it for free. The app is easy to use and the device itself works great. It can be easy to accidentally press the button on the device, though.
Three Stars it can not change the battery
Five Stars So far good
Two Stars Used once and discovered its range was less than I needed.
Disappointed I bought the mate tile and keeps disconnecting from Bluetooth. I don’t recommend this product!
waste of money second try with this worthless product. what a waste of time and money. there's plenty of other products out there that work. go with any one of them. this is outdated technology. G1 never worked and last generation doesn't work. routine updating, consistent tethering, constant troubleshooting, now I need a new battery. I travel a lot for business and if I had a dime for all the minutes I've wasted setting things up to make sure this thing works...ah heck, this review is a total waste of my time, just trying to help the next pigeon who falls for their slick b.s. marketing.
Forget it... A waste of $20. You have to REPLACE IT when the battery dies, and I did not have two consecutive 48 hour periods go by that these twerps were not dropping spam in my inbox. Oh, and it won't trigger my phone. Piece of junk, with an outrageous amount of planned obsolescence built in. I'd call the whole operation a borderline scam.
Works but expensive to continue using I’ve had these for a little over a year now. They have helped me find my phone and keys on several locations. Two of them stopped working after six months but when I contacted Tile they replaced these at no charge under the warranty. I do think that when you go to re-tile they could offer current customers a little bit better of an offer then 28% off.
It's only OK because it affects the electronic door opening ... It's only OK because it affects the electronic door opening. Before I could be 50' from the car to lock it. Now, I have to be within 4' of the car. Had I saved the packaging I would think about sending it back.
Three Stars Ok product needs to be louder on activation for the price paid.
LOVE THE TILE BUT WAS A GIFT AND RECEIVER JUST DID NOT WANT IT GREAT CONCEPT BUT WAS A GIFT AND PERSON DID NOT WANT IT.
Lifesaver Lifesaver. Just make sure you use a strong attachment. Lost my 1st one. No idea when/where. Did replace with a new one and stronger loop because it is helpful
Great products. has helped me find my keys more than once. Second purchase of this product lasted for about two years before I have to replace it. Great products.
b'I would not recommend to buy.?? It\xe2\x80\x99s a very inconsistent product. Sometimes the Apple let me page my keys in your sound but other times the app won\xe2\x80\x99t let me do that. And sometimes it\xe2\x80\x99ll say it cannot them and it\xe2\x80\x99s just a few feet away.'
Three Stars 1/2 of the units in the box did not work...I have not asked for a refund yet...but intend to.
Five Stars Great Christmas present
I love my tile I love my tile! I love that I can use my phone to find my keys or I can use the tile on my keys! I just wish there was a tinier tile to find my glasses!
Just love it Love it
Love it super smart idea! I just wish more accessories came with the tile mate for $50 bucks. I really like it, I feel it's great to track your items. And I'm happy all my important stuff feels safe. My only critique I could provide is wanting more bang for my buck. I wish it came with the adhesive and a couple key rings to get you started connecting it to your items. The adhesive alone is 7.99 for 3. I mean the app is free, that's nice. But ordering starter accessories separate and a little pricey for adhesive is interesting.
Five Stars Love it so far!
I was glad this one only cost $20 This is my second tile. It helps me find my keys so that I am not late to work. If I need my phone and it is on silent, the tile will still help to find it. I only give it four stars because of the price compared to how long it last. My husband paid around $30.00 for my first one in a local store. I was glad this one only cost $20.00 since it seems like they are only good for about a year. I did not use my first one very often but it still went out in about a year. The battery died and it was coming apart. If they could make them last longer, they would easily be a five star product.
Five Stars Works great
Great for keys... and cats! I love the tile. I got it as a gift for my boyfriend who loses his keys often, and after seeing him use it I ordered two for myself. I rarely, if ever, lose my keys, but it still is handy to cut down on time, I can ring them and tell which room they are in. I really love it for my kitty. She often disappears, and twice this week I have found her stuck in a closet after ringing her. She rarely meows, and if she does is a quiet thing, so it's nice to be able to find her if I suspiciously haven't seen her in a few hours. Plus I'm sure she is appreciative to not have been stuck in a closet all night! It's small and lightweight and attached to her collar easily. She doesn't seem to mind it at all!
This is only good when you are in the house and your key ... Everything on here works as described I gave it 3 stars because this item was not what I thought it was. It will only work when left in range, meaning, if I left the key finder at home and I was at work my phone could not tell me where my key was unless there was another random person with key finder in the area and my fob picked up their signal. This is only good when you are in the house and your key finder is in the house or a certain proximity.
Five Stars These are awesome! Used them on keys and other important equiptment.
For anyone who loses their keys frequently I'd be so lost without my tile. Actually... my keys would. I love my tile and it is my second time buying one!
Good product I use it for motorcycle keys. Easy to set up, no problems till date. Have been using it for about 6 months now. Best time to buy is around Thanksgiving when there are several package deals available.
What a piece of crap! I bought 2 tiles on 9/15/17 and immediately tested both of them. They worked as advertised and I was able to locate them within minutes. The first time I actually had to use a tile was 33 days later when I lost my keys. My phone told me were it was last located which was about 5 miles away. Two days later I found I found my keys stuck on the side of my kitchen chair which was about 2 feet from where my phone was located when I looked for them. I threw that tile away and attached my remaining tile. Today I misplaced my keys again, my phone indicated that they were last seen 9 days ago 2.5 miles from where I was located, my wife found the keys about 10 feet from where I had asked my fone to find them. These tiles are completely useless.
WARNING - DOES NOT WORK OUT OF BLUE TOOTH RANGE I bought this these tiles to attach to my 2 dogs collars. BAD IDEA! As soon as they ore out of bluetooth "range" there is no tracking.So, when our dog ran away. We could not find him.
Five Stars Great product.
Five Stars As much as i lose my keys, this was a God-send!
It works great! Fun gift. It’s not only a key finder but it works in reverse and finds your phone.
Four Stars Nice to have when u lose something watch for updates tho or it won’t work
Best product on the market. Amazing product as always. No competence. I would drop the prices.
Works good, but I don't like going to have to ... Works good, but I don't like going to have to have GPS and Bluetooth on in order to find my tile
Five Stars Was a Christmas gift the person loves it
Five Stars I haven't been late to work in weeks because I know exactly where my keys are! YAY!!
disappointed Great when it works but I can't depend on it. It only works about half the time. The jingle when the tile is found is not loud enough.
Do not waste your money I got this first for my husband who always losses his key and phone. It work for the first month so I got one for myself in December. It’s now February and the one time I use it doesn’t work and my husband stop work as well. WHAT A RIP-OFF!!!!!
He loved it Gave the product as a gift for my dad who always loses his keys. He loved it
Garbage Novelty Item, Doesn't Work 15 days past return window it doesn't work at all and we are stuck. Useless novelty item and a waste of $60. DO NOT BUY.
Very helpful! Every now and then it doesn't connect ... Very helpful! Every now and then it doesn't connect, but well worth the money to find my phone or keys.
Five Stars Is the best for me
My roommate loses her keys all the time in the ... My roommate loses her keys all the time in the house. She loves her Christmas gift. If she loses her phone too...well then I guess she's SOL!
Chipolo does it better and cheaper Calling your phone from the tile itself doesn’t work unless the app is on. I found it dumb since nobody is going to have the app open at all times in case you lose you’re phone. I returned it and bought a chipolo.
Helped save my sanity. My darling wife loses her phone about 18 times a day around the house. While trying to figure out what stocking stuffer to get her I happened upon this product. I paired it with her phone and when you press the tile 2 times it makes the phone play a tone. My wife still loses her phone 18 times a day but now when she does I can remind her to push the tile twice and get her phone from whatever corner of the universe it may be in.
Five Stars good product
Purchased for my 70yr old mother. She can use ... Purchased for my 70yr old mother. She can use the app on her phone or her keyes to find one another. days of searching for either are over!
Four Stars for the price... it does its job well
Purchased 12/20/17 for Xmas, opened one between Xmas & ... Purchased 12/20/17 for Xmas, opened one between Xmas & New years to use as dog tag... Stopped working 02/06/18. Not worth the plastic it's built in if it only lasts 2 months. Will try contacting "Tile" to see if there is anything they can do, but that involves more time that I donut have (ARG!).
Five Stars This product has been very useful already! I'm buying another one for another set of keys.
Best invention ever Best invention ever. Haven't lost my keys since i bought this. I can even find my phone with my keys. Genius!!!
Five Stars Great product. Fast shipping.
Great product but needs to be alot louder I like this alot since I'm always losing my remote. However the noise it makes when you click the find button on the app is really not very loud. So unless it's on top of a table or on the bed it's ok. But if it is under pillows or blankets or fell on the floor under something it is almost impossible to hear the noise it makes.
Two Stars couldn't use it for our cat. didn't know it was a health problem.
Its programmed to stop working after just over a year. Don't buy it. The product is programmed to die after about a year. If you replace the battery it will not work. Very devious and greedy of the company to build a product like this. I'm sure they have a story to explain why they do this but it is ultimately about money. Don't buy this product or anything from them.
Works great! Very helpful for keeping up with things Works great! Very helpful for keeping up with things. Love that it works both ways, use app on phone to find keys and use the tile on my keys to find my phone. Really like that tile locations can be shared among friends.
Five Stars Great product! Lost keys in park and able to find them Awesome
Four Stars makes me feel better
When trying to get my phone to sound an alert ... When trying to get my phone to sound an alert to find it and I push the Tile it only works about 1/2 the time if that. I have done everything the instructions said to do but to no avail. We have 2 of them one for my wife and one for mine and both have the same problem!
it may have been in the fine print somewhere but it was definitely not anywhere noticeable i purchased this product in March of 2017. After the first month one of the tiles stopped working but i did not ask for a refund on the unit as i didn't think it was worth the hassle. They worked for the most part although sometimes it would not able to find my tiles or the volume on the tiles was so low that i could not hear them, but over all i would give them about a 3 and half to 4 star rating. i am writing this review now and scoring it 1 star because i am NOW being told through notifications from my tile app that the batteries in them will be expiring and that they need to be replaced. So your tiles basically only last ONE YEAR and HAVE to be replaced every year. i didn't read that anywhere last year when i bought the product. it may have been in the fine print somewhere but it was definitely not anywhere noticeable. So it works decently but have to replaced every year.
Stopped working very quickly! This is AMAZING, JUST INCREDIBLE..... when it works. Sadly it doesn't work more than it does! :(
Five Stars Best gift ever! No more looking for misplaced keys or phone.
Five Stars Works well so far.
One Star Never connected with my iPhone
Five Stars Very useful. Nice integration with the app.
Five Stars Awesome product ended up buying 3 more!
GREAT IDEA, BUT IT FAILED MY "FUNCTIONALITY TEST" TILE is a splendid concept that is nicely marketed and promises to be a lifesaver. In my case, this hardware/software offering was too glitchy for any degree of dependability. It could well be that I messed something up in the programming/linking--but there is just so much time I was willing to invest on "getting it right". Far too many times, my iPhone 7 logged into the system and couldn't find a tile that was a foot away. Customer service says that this happens sometimes and that I should wait 3 minutes and then try again. I did this once and it failed.To some degree, I find a lot of TILES advertised functionally to be over-stated. The prospective buyer should be aware that this is a bluetooth device ONLY (no wi-fi) and that Bluetooth technology does not serve the product well. If you are less than a hundred ft away from your wayward wallet, you can page it (as in make it beep). If successful, you'll hear an anemic tinny tune of your choice. To put it into perspective, a "talking greeting card" is no less than 10 times louder than a TILE. If your TILE is upstairs and you are downstairs you will not hear it. If your TILE is attached to, let's say, your keys--and said keys are located in a heavy down jacket or coat--you will not hear it. My dog DID hear it and wasn't all that happy about it.A big disappointment for me was the "find it on the map" interface that resembles most popular mobile map apps. More often than not, you left your keys in your car (happens to me all the time). Look for it on your Mobile Device, and you'll discover that your TILE is somewhere in the area which is not all that useful. TILE's solution to the problem involves using your iPhone as a virtual "metal detector". You must sweep your device back and forth until you hear/see a signal. "You're getting warmer...warmer...Oh, No! You're getting cooler"...and so on. You'd be amazed at how Not Fun this becomes when you're late for an appointment and can't find your damn keys!Now, I LOVE gadgets and find computer problems to be well within my expertise. I am not easily daunted by quirky set-ups. However, after an entire weekend of trying to get it right, I basically gave up and returned my 4-TILE purchase from whence it came.Most disappointing of all is that I REALLY NEED something like this! I had great expectations for TILES and am sorry it didn't work out. Judging from all the excellent reviews posted by Amazon, I must assume that your experience might be far different from mine. If you decide to try TILES, I wish you success!
Great idea,and it works ! This thing really works !I glued one on the TV Remote, as well ! ha ha ! Love it !
They break easily Garbage they break after 3 weeks of use, ever single one of them had stopped working.
I love this. I always misplace my keys or my ... I love this. I always misplace my keys or my phone. Having the tile saves me time and frustration finding them both.
the only bad part is the fact just lasting for a year I wish i knew about this product long time ago, the only bad part is the fact just lasting for a year
b'Love the range and volume on the Tile - just ... Love the range and volume on the Tile - just wish it didn\xe2\x80\x99t need replacement once a year when the battery goes flat. Being an international client means I don\xe2\x80\x99t have the Retile option and need to replace yearly at full price (with a weak cirreny). That being said, despite it being a significantly more expensive option for me than most other trackers, the range and volume are sufficiently strong selling points for me choose Tile for a second time... hoping that the Retile option is available internationally soon...??'
Have to have Bluetooth on. Can double click tile to find phone as well. Works great for locating your keys at home. Have to have Bluetooth on. Can double click tile to find phone as well. Works great for locating your keys at home.
Would really recommend with Apple Watch Perfect for the night after the party that you can’t find your keys or your phone and but you’re wearing your Apple Watch.
A suggestion to the Title developer Great design, but it could be better:Could you make a feature that once the title loses connection with the smart phone, smart phone shows a notification(sound or vibration) to user? So the user is able to know she/he drops it immediately.
It’s awesome! This save me hours of time. Just get it and don’t look back.
Five Stars Works great.
Five Stars Works great
Prior tile was fine, but this one's speaker muted quickly The sound stopped working after about 2 months. Prior tile was fine, but this one's speaker muted quickly. Still technically works but it virtually useless. My third tile, a Sport Tile on my keys has also muted. Be ware that it might leave you searching with no sound coming from the speaker. Overall used to be happy with the quality, but unfortunately I might look for other options. On the plus side my Slim version works like a charm.
Not that good Not as accurate as I thought it would be, you have to be very close for it to pick it up
Great, wonderful received these as a gift. Been singing their praises ever since. Great, wonderful, super, etc.
Best gift i ever bought my hubby Best gift i ever bought my hubby. Very practical for a man that loses his phone and keys all the time.
Five Stars Love the tile! Works great for anyone who losses stuff
Poor battery life and no way to change it! Great product, while it lasts...This thing REALLY needs a replaceable battery. That wouldn’t go along with Tile’s likely planned obsolescence though.My battery only lasted 6 months, and now the only option is to replace it for another $20. If it weren’t for that this thing would get 4-5 starts for me.
Five Stars Thank you
Not worth it! The thing just doesn’t work. We actually lost our keys and it couldn’t make a ring or tell us where they were at all. Buy something else!
For the absent minded person who has better things to do than remember where their precious belongs ... For the absent minded person who has better things to do than remember where their precious belongs belong... this is perfect, as long as you don't lose you're phone too. Oh wait! Tile has you covered, you can push the circle tile button to activate your phone.Seriously though. It's helpful in finding my misplaced keys in the morning. Sometimes I wish it was louder; but let's be real--> It can't be a blow horn.
Love it I love this, it’s so easy and helpful. I got one for my boyfriend and I want one for myself now too
Five Stars The Tile takes away the frustration of misplaced keys and, occasionally, my IPhone.
Works perfectly every time Thanks is my 1st ever Amazon review, and I have bought tons from Amazon. I am so impressed with this item I had to come give it 5 stars. It is worth triple the price. Works perfectly every single time. I attached it to my keys because I lose them often! I'm a mother of 3 and work full time, so my life is hectic. Also, if I misplace my phone , the tile will ring the phone so it's a win win!! Don't hesitate, buy it!!
I have tiles on my bike and whatnot but I ... I have tiles on my bike and whatnot but I also have one on my moms key ring. In case she gets lost or loses her keys I can find her or her keys
Four Stars A little hard to get set up. Web site not too clear.
One Star Horrible
Five Stars Excellent product - really clever device - works perfectly - has saved my husband's sanity and mine.
Buy em for everyone Wife bought this for me and I assumed it was a gag gift turns out I use it all the time. It only gets 4 stars cause it gets dirty way too fast. Excellent volume and easy to use
Short lifespan Battery dies after 3 months. Not replaceable. Way too expensive for something meant to be disposed of in a few months. Should last at least a few years.
Five Stars great product, used once so far, works great!
Five Stars I utilize this more than I would like to admit. Works like a charm every time.
For Everyone Everyone loses their keys every once in awhile. These are great to eliminate all that time you use to find them.
... keys to find my phone but other than that awesome! And you can change the ringtones I can't figure out how to use the keys to find my phone but other than that awesome! And you can change the ringtones!
Five Stars So far it works great you can even change the ringtones on the tile, it's a great product
Worth the price. I use it on my brother when we go out, he loves to wander off. In a touch of a button I am able to find him
Five Stars A++
Worth it How many times can your fiancé lose her keys? How many times will she be lucky enough to find them.
I'd like to give the company an opportunity to replace the ... Tile stopped ringing when attempting to locate. The GPS function still works but no ring. I'd like to give the company an opportunity to replace the defective product as it may be a bad batch.
Four Stars So easy for me to find my keys. And my phone too.
Five Stars Great product
and it is great to have if you are forgetful where you leave ... Gave this product as a gift, I own a couple tiles, and it is great to have if you are forgetful where you leave your important/valuable possessions.
Never lose your keys again! Works so good!! My son and daughter are no longer searching for their keys!!
Five Stars This is great! Bought it for my boyfriend as he looses things all the time and it works great!
Great for ADD people like me :) SO helpful! It has saved me from being late several times already. Also, my phone fell out of my pocket in the snow while it was on silent and we never would have found it without the tile. Only complaint is that it has had trouble connecting to the tile two or three times. Most of the time does great.
This thing rocks! This Tile is the best invention since beer. It has saved my buns more times than I can count. I don’t know who came up with this idea, but throw that genius a keggar.
Five Stars great
Five Stars Great product, works great
Five Stars Easy set up and it works great!
Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder (Review) Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder (Review)If you are accustomed to misplacing your: keys, phone, remote, wallet/purse, or bag, this would be an ideal product. It is available in four different tiers: Tile Sport (Waterproof, $35), Tile Mate (Original, $20), Tile Style (Designed Tile, $35), and Tile Slim (Slimmer, $30).DesignThe tile is fairly slim (34 x34 x 4.65 mm) and minimal in weight (6.1 grams). It has a compact durable design and is water resistance for extra protection. I personally use tile mate for my keys and wallet, but it can be attached to any item via keychain/adhesive strips.On the surface of the tile, there is a grey "track" button. Many times, I have had keys placed in a pocket and have accidently activated this button. This results in a loud pinging noise from the device and can be pretty annoying. However, this is only a small issue in the design and doesn't take away from its functionality.Battery LifeThe product came with a "One year from shipment" battery life expectancy. Tile didn't put much effort forth with this form of battery management, but they do offer a reTile program. This program allows users to replace their Tile each year at a discounted price.FunctionalityThe product functions via Bluetooth technology. Your smart device must have Bluetooth enabled at all times for it to properly operate. This was a pain at times when trying to conserve battery life for my phone but was necessary to keep track of my items.Tile also has a mandatory application you must download in order to manage/track all your items. The application seemed to be user friendly and easy to navigate through. All you do is go on the application, locate the lost item, and click track. It also has an interesting feature that allows you to ping your smart devices even if they are on silent/vibrate.Tile's default pinging noise is set at 88 decibels, which is effective for most individuals. Even when my wallet was buried deep in a pile of clothes, I was able to seek it out. All in all, the product is ideal for consumers looking for an inexpensive device tracker. It is a good size for any item you choose to use it for and does exactly what it's designed to do.
great my daughter loves it
Five Stars If you are forgetful this is a life saver
Rip-Off No Notice Rip-Off No NoticeAfter buying 8 tiles, I just found out that the tiles are designed to fail in a year so that you have to buy new ones at an exorbitant cost again. I wouldn't expect at such an expense initially around $12 per tile that they would only only last a year and there was no where in the packaging any prominent notice that they only are designed for a year's use.
The perfect gift for my husband This has been the best purchase for my husband. He literally loses his keys daily. We attempted a hook to hang his keys but that didn’t even last a day. He has left his keys at the gas station before.
They're great, but you have to pay to replace them yearly This is my second year with Tile, and from my experience, they work well. I wouldn't say setup was a breeze and can take a little bit of time, but it's easy if you're patient. The app has to remain open at all times, but it has an easy interface to use and lets you customize the ringtones (which may very well get annoying if you lose your stuff frequently).The thing that I don't like about tiles is that these have to be replaced on a yearly basis - the app will notify you and Tile gives you the option to buy new ones at a discount (called reTile), but for me the discount was only a few dollars after tax and shipping fees (yes they charge shipping fees for reTiles - stay classy, Tile). I ended up buying it for cheaper elsewhere online. I'm not sure if I'll stick with it after a second year as I've spread about $150 so far - getting 2 4x packs in 2017 and then 1 8x pack in 2018.If Tile's competitors did not have such bad reviews (especially Trackr which only requires a cheap coin battery replacement), I'd be more inclined to go with those.Also, while Tile supposedly has a bigger user network than its competitors to help you find your stuff, it's really only going to come in handy if you live in a big city with lots of users.
One for the keys & one for the wallet, so far. These are saving my sanity, 2 so far and they are a huge help and easy to find.
not works very after couple months use, the reason ... not works very after couple months use, the reason I come back to write review is because the battery running out very fast and I have to replace the product instead replace battery. The connection is not working well, consistently lost, and you have to turn on the bluetooth in order to track your item. Both your phone and Tile running out battery. You have no choose if you still want keep the same Tile. I will never buy it anymore.
Five Stars Husband's need this in their lives. Period.
Died after second usage The title says it all. The tile died after the second usage. What a poorly made piece of hardware. Avoid!
I loved finding my keys without searching all over I loved finding my keys without searching all over! I wish the battery could be changed...it seems a waste to throw the whole thing away when the battery could be switched out.
Five Stars Helps my Mom locate her e-Cig every time she loses it in the house.
One Star Bought for family at Christmas. Nobody has been able to get them programmed and installed.
I love the fact that you can locate whatever you have ... I love the fact that you can locate whatever you have it attached to as long as you know where at least one is, your phone or the tile. It definitely does it job.
Works great! Works just like I hoped it would. I have a toddler who moves my keys and phone from time to time, not to mention I often place them in the wrong location. It has helped me out on multiple occasions.
Two Stars Only half of them worked!
I love this product I love this product
Five Stars Great product very helpful!
Five Stars Great item. Worth the peace of mind.
it would be nice if you could charge the battery and not discard ... It seemed to keep losing connection and had to re-pair with bluetooth on the phone for some reason, it would be nice if you could charge the battery and not discard it after the battery runs dead.
Nice design. Helpful. May be a hassle for some people that are easily confused. The people that need help remembering. Gave to my father for Christmas. I thought it was a useful product. I actually would like to have some Tiles. My father does not use them. So they are probably hard for an elderly, and forgetful, person to figure out and conveniently implement. Or, he just doesn't like them and doesn't see them as useful. So 3 stars. If I ever get a set of my own, i may revise that rating.
and the white plastic wears really easily and looks bad after awhile Sometimes it will not play the noise on my phone, and the white plastic wears really easily and looks bad after awhile. It works like 80% of the time so I still consider it useful. I am going to buy a black one next time.
Five Stars Works really well.
Finding the keys using my cell phone was easy. However Finding the keys using my cell phone was easy. However, pressing a tile to locate my phone was not. I have to press the tile twice multiple times before it will cause the phone to ring. -Sometimes it works & sometimes it does not.
One Star The Tile Mate only worked for a day, then it stopped working.
Five Stars Love my Tile!
Five Stars Great product idea for people who misplace stuff like myself
IT SUCKS! SOUNDS GAVE UP hate this product. searching for keys, most of the time sound does not work. don't recommend this. it only worked for the first month, then the sound gave up after that.
Five Stars wife loves it and needed it. Saved her butt twice now
Best investment in stress-reduction I have ever seen I'm going to be saving up money and buying more of these. I know some people think if I just lose my things enough and get frustrated enough I will learn. People, let's please face facts. I'm not going to learn. I would still like to reduce the amount of frustration and stress in my life, and if you think you have a similar challenge in life, then this is a brilliant investment in peace of mind. In the two weeks I've owned them I've actually had reason to use them 4 times, and they always work.
Five Stars Works great!
Five Stars love it
1st item broke, sent back, got another one ... 1st item broke, sent back, got another one, and still broken.....!?!?! Just worked one click and never worked again.
Five Stars A+
and it has already gone missing due to a not so great quality key attachment I purchased my daughter a Tile Mate for Christmas, and it has already gone missing due to a not so great quality key attachment. We now know that is in a local parking lot buried under last night's snow! Very disappointed.
The Tile is so valuable! No more searching for ... The Tileis so valuable! No more searching for keys!
Was easy to turn on Was easy to turn on, set up, and replace my old one on the app. It seems like they finally made the ringtone louder on these things!
One Star No good
Love it I’ve had it for a week and it’s literally turned into a part of my daily routine of finding my Keys and phone. Perfect for someone disorganized like me! Lol
Five Stars Saved me lots of time
Five Stars Really great for my son who constantly calls me when he loses his car keys.
Not just for the young-ins! My mother is constantly losing her phone... or her keys. However, she at least seems to have one or the other. With this tile attached to her keys she can use her phone to ping the tile or the tile to ping her phone. Alas, no more waiting around to leave while she finds one or the other! Getting ready on time is another story, but at least we won't be AS late now!
Great Product Great Stuff . Works perfectly.
I love the idea of the Tile I love the idea of the Tile. We purchased this for my 90 year old Grandmother to help her find her keys. It is very easy for her to use. You just click the tile on the keys to find her phone and you go to the app and click a button to ring for the keys. I think this is a 5 star product but give it a 4 star because the keys only ring in one pitch. My Grandmother can not hear the pitch that the keys ring in. The pitch is very loud and perfect for many people but with her hearing lose certain tones she can not hear. Just wished I could change pitch to fit her better.
You're better off with a newer Both my mother and I went through 2 tile mates and all of them had technical issues wether it be location or hardware. The tile mate is cheap and not reliable. You're better off with a newer version
Five Stars For someone like me that is always losing keys and other things, this is the best purchase
Works great! Works great! This was a Christmas present for my wife, and she loves it.
Good till batteries got low It worked great no issues I was able to find my keys anytime I lost them then the batteries got low they show up on my app and on my Bluetooth but they won't ring or give me as good as location as before the batteries died within 2 months of use and with no way to exchange them it kinda sucks.
When I lost my car keys, my daughter convinced ... When I lost my car keys, my daughter convinced me to buy this! This should prevent future key loss. Especially helpful instead of having electronic keys replaced, which I found to be very costly!
Perfect. These are great. Easy to use.
Works well for the most part Doesnt always make the phone ring, but works most of the time.
One Star Sometimes works but most of the time doesn’t. Save your money , don’t buy.
Poor customer service and poor product. Stopped working after a week and customer service was not helpful. I sent one to a friend as a gift and theirs stopped working as well.
It pairs with your phone. I can never find my wallet, keys or phone when I walk out the door. If I have one of my forgettable things, I can find the other two by pressing the tile button.
Great gift! Daily use!... Great gift!
This was a gift I received and I love it! I haven’t lost my phone (thank goodness) This was a gift I received and I love it! I haven’t lost my phone (thank goodness), but it’s great if you’re scatterbrained and forget where you’ve left your keys!!
Handy How did I live before this? I wish they were cheaper (not saying they are overpriced) so I could buy a fleet of these little guys to stick on all the things I lose!
Five Stars Works as advertised! Very handy to have.
It’s great! Life saver! I can use it to find my keys but also to find my phone. Not sure which feature I use more often. It’s great!
I love Tile! The tile is perfect. I use it for my keys and it’s great. Especially if I’m in a rush and can’t find them in my bag. Just open the app or asks Alexa and my keys ring for me.
Great product, but hate they have to be replaced so often. Did not read carefully enough to know these have to be repurchased once a year. My bad. Otherwise super product.
I really wanted it to work. It was broken right out the box.
Saves the day!!! Ordered as gift and have been thanked several times for this product saving the day. Makes noise so you find item easily, in use for the person always looking for their keys and wallet. Small and convenient! Recommend highly!
Four Stars Works good when in the same room does not go through walls well. Has helped though good product. I've used this product for about 9 weeks now the 2 that I use will not ring the phone anymore. They've never been wet or abused, disappointing will still find the keys though.
One Star It stopped working after 6 months
Five Stars awesome and havent lost keys since
Five Stars Life saver!
I would not recommend it to this product stopped working days after I received it....I would not recommend it to anyone
Five Stars What a great product. I now know where my keys are/
Life simplified This is great and has simplified my life so much. The one thing I would like to have is when I hear my phone to be able to click the tile and it stop ringing my phone. Sometimes I just want to know it’s in the car with me.
Do you misplace things too? I'm obsessed with these... Mainly because I'm ADD and misplace every thing. I have one for my keys and wallet. I'm getting more for all my things I lose
Work greats! Got this for my cats. It’s an ease of mine that can keep track on them.
Must have for forgetful owners Great for finding missing electronics after the battery has run out. Has saved me hours of not hunting for the kids' IPad.
Died after about 6 months. Couldn’t find the keys. The tile died on me after about 6 months. Could find the keys they were attached to for a few months (thought they were lost) and when I finally did the tile wouldn’t ring right next to the phone. I assume the battery is dead, even though I only rang it twice the entire time I owned it.
Five Stars Gave it to our grandson ( a new driver). He loves it.
Ok Don't like that it only lasts a year....
Would be awesome if you can get it to work Awesome if you can ever get it to work. It never seems to work. Press the tile button, it doesn't find the phone. Press the tile app and the tile doesn't beep. Once you find your phone on your own. Play with the tile for a bit, it will work. Then the next time you lose either your keys or the phone, it doesn't work again. Piece of junk if you ask me.Update: removed them from the keys as they stopped working. Useless!! Only 2 months old.
Five Stars Saves me so much time! I always loose my keys
Three Stars I wasn't too impressed with this product. Sometimes it worked most times it didn't.Not worth the money!
Five Stars Super easy set up! Super easy to use. I will never lose my keys or phone again!
Only okay I bought 4 but only 3 worked. They age good for finding things that are close, but I lost my iPad at a store and it was of no help.
AMAZING So in love!! These tiles have already “saved” me in so many situations!
Five Stars I bought this as a holiday gift for a family member.
Three Stars Disappointed considering other reviews. Takes too long to get a signal and several tries.
i have exchanged all my privacy for a little security I have given up every shred of my personal online privacy in exchange for never having the panicky feeling of losing my wallet, keys or cellphone again.
Tile died within 2 months Not very happy. One of the four tiles stopped working within 2 months. Luggage lost in Airport today with Tile attached... this technology didn’t work today.
Five Stars very useful
Doggy Finder Got this as a backup in case my dog gets outside. It works as it should.
Five Stars Very helpful and easy to use. Have already made use of it in terms of locating keys.
Five Stars It was a Christmas gift to my grand-daughter. She thought it was "Neat".
Interface is getting better and better Strength: Interface is getting better and better.Weakness: Works well if you're ok leaving both -GPS- and -Bluetooth- on continuously on your phone, which chews up battery and in some environments leads to security issues. These are also often the scenarios where you're most likely to lose something (e.g. airports and other travel).Weakness 2: no battery replacement option, so tile is decent price for a non-disposable product but overpriced for a disposable one (i.e. $15-20/tile is too much to throw away every 6-12 months)Recommendation: These guys need to come up with a GPS solution on the tile itself as others have. This daisy chained linking of the bluetooth tile, to the GPS enable phone, to the internet and back is dumb.I'm sure they know this, but want to milk this product for a while, and are having a hard time getting the product small enough with a GPS in it.
Five Stars love it!
Peace of mind is worth the cost of the product. Purchased it for my spouse who is in retail and has store keys. In the course of a busy season it is easy to lay the keys down and loose them for which there are stiff penalties and bad PR. The tile is attached to those keys and it works! She has one on her cell as well and the peace of mind is worth the cost of the product.
It works! It works! My mother uses it all the time.
and button is stupid as it gets pushed easily and goes off in ... They will find your keys. BUT they track you, and button is stupid as it gets pushed easily and goes off in pocket.
Five Stars Well worth the money in the time saved looking for keys all the time.
Only good for 1yr then must buy new ones! I would have given 5 stars as this device is awesome. I 20 of these units. I did not know that he batteries can NOT BE REPLACED! And when the batteries die (after about 1 year of use) You must by new ones! Meaning at least for me another $400-500.I dont want to spend $500 a year just to keep up with my keys and stuff. So i will be searching for a less expensive alternative.Like i said this device is awesome and works wonderfully, it just wont last longer then a year.
not great Worthless if you are out of the 100 ft Bluetooth range. Where is my lost item? I have no idea because it is not within 100 ft.
Tile is essentially an annual subscription program!! Buyer beware! The battery is not replaceable. You'll have to buy a new tile every year. Here is the cost to "reTile" your tile..."Tile Mate for $15 per Tile, Tile Slim for $21 per Tile, or Tile Sport or Tile Style for $25 per Tile"Product works great but I'll pass on the essentially annual subscription program!
Only slightly helpful The tile is helpful only if it is close by and not underneath anything. I couldn’t find my keys today because it was underneath a blanket so it wouldnt ring. So basically the signal is completely lost unless it is sitting on top of a table or something. It helped find my phone every now and then but that’s not the reason why i bought this.
Five Stars great gift!
Can’t live without it I am embarrassed that it took so little time for me to be compleyely dependent on this item. It’s extra embarrassing when I lose my keys and my cell phone at the same time-then I have to use the one on my spare set of keys. Also makes an awesome and appreciated gift for friends!
Good product, but have to be replaced once a year or so due to battery! Useful when you lose stuff a lot.
Five Stars It was a gift to friends and they love it!
Easy to use. I ordered it for my colleague she use it to catch her daughter in the crowd. also she asked me to order set of 4 for her as she use it to find her missing stuffs at home like keys, remote control...ectvery useful good quality and easy to use.
Five Stars Love knowing I can find my purse where ever it is!
One Star Only works if your tile is within 100ft, not helpful!
Some like it but mine died I purchased this on the advice of a friend but mine (3) only last a couple of months. When the battery dies , you have to buy a new one.
Five Stars works to not only find keys but my phone too!!
Very Good Product Very Good product. Quick set up and has already come in handy finding my keys.
Love this thing I’m always misplacing my phone or keys ... Love this thing I’m always misplacing my phone or keys and with two young children this has kept my from circling through the house looking and looking
Does'nt always work! It doesnt work all the time, you could be sitting next to it and it wont find the tile on the app. you could be in the house and left the keys outside and it wont find it on the app
So nice to have My mother is always losing either her keys or her phone. This way she can find either!
Five Stars Love it
Five Stars I bought one as a gift and now I need one
Five Stars love it
Super easy to set up and you barely notice it ... Super easy to set up and you barely notice it on your keys. It’s an ultimate life saver if you have a problem misplacing things!
Empty box I ordered a 4 pack and one of the packs was empty. The other 3 work great.
Works great and much less expensive than true dog location items I use for my dog. Works great and much less expensive than true dog location items.
Five Stars I LOve IT
great product. My husband finally stopped losing his keys Fast shipping, great product. My husband finally stopped losing his keys :D
Stopped working after 13 days Activated on 1/10. Stopped working on 1/23. No longer syncing, The app can't find it. Terrible product. There may be some way to reset it but that defeats the purpose of this product if you can't count on it working for more than 14 days at the time.
Five Stars Works great love it
I like the most The fact that it works, I like the most.
Works great!! I’ve used this at least 5 times since I got it last week. Works great!!
Awesome! My fiancé is ALWAYS loosing his keys/phone/wallet so ... Awesome! My fiancé is ALWAYS loosing his keys/phone/wallet so this has already come in handy. Very long range detection which is nice. Easy to set up on a phone too.
Five Stars Love it so helpful
So Far So Good! It really works! Found my phone in no time! Easy to use. Glad I have it!
i love this tile - i have misplaced my keys 3 ... i love this tile - i have misplaced my keys 3 times since i got this & it was an easy find. thank you Tile Mate
Great product for finding keys and phone This is great. If my hubby loses his keys then his phone finds them. If he loses his phone then the key finder finds it. No more frantic hubby running around flipping out over where his keys are.
Five Stars I’d be lost without it!!!!
The best ! Never lose your keys again love this item
but it was slimmer than he thought and fit fine! He’s already lost his wallet and couple of ... My dad was worried that it would be too thick for his wallet, but it was slimmer than he thought and fit fine! He’s already lost his wallet and couple of times and found it very quickly!
This nifty gadget is small and light on my keychain ... This nifty gadget is small and light on my keychain yet can find my phone and my phone can find my keys. Only downside is that it only lasts a year.
Good for people who tend to loose things This was a gift for a friend who like to forget where things are. I liked the tiles a lot they help him find all his belonging. He reported one issue when the tile is out of Bluetooth range you will not find it with just the tile. But he said he could find it though the tile web page. Over all good for people who tend to loose things. Shipping was fast and easy.
Five Stars The most amazing thing ever. I’m am always miss placed my keys. Ring tones are really good
Five Stars Great
This does not work as advertised from day one the ... This does not work as advertised from day one the tone is so low i can not even hear it 2-3 feet away I am returning.
work, but make weird noise while listening to music on mobile device. I tag it on my everyday backpack,and download the apps for my S7 for easy access, it work. However, while I was sitting in the car with my phone connect to bluetooth for music, the quality of the music seem to deteriorate over time, and there was hissing noise steadily coming on in the background, and while i charge my phone without any music on, i still hear the hiss noise through the car speakers. which make it almost unbearable, same thing happen while i was using my bluetooth Jaybird X2, At first i didn't know what it was, then I look around for solution, no good, and then i try uninstalling some reason app...and narrow down to the Tile app...it was the cause of it all.. Maybe because it's bluetooth interference or something idk, after i realized it was the cause of the problem.. i moved the app on to a different device and never look back.
awesome I use this a little too much. Great product. :)
Five Stars used as a gift
Bought it for my mom, she always loses her ... Bought it for my mom, she always loses her keys. But we have been having issues when we try to locate her keys in the house. We press the button and it doesnt work, same as when we look for her phone we prrss the tile and it doesnt ring. The app just says that it will let us know when its close but it doesnt make a sound
Work as described Love these. They work great.
One Star Lasted me 5 months and I had a dead battery will not be buying another. Straight rip off
Not impressed Bought one after seeing my brother and his girlfriend use their and love it. got mine and the 5 times I have needed to use it, it has only worked once, which was the first time... waste of money
I need one for every bag! My girlfriend was always losing her keys when I was not there to find them. This product saves a lot of time for folks who frequently misplace things. Get the 4 pack, trust me.
Great product Bought this for my nephew since he can never find his keys. Works great. You can also find your phone from your tile.
Excellent performance and nice size These are a huge stress-saver and time-saver for my wife. Excellent performance and nice size.
Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Product works well. Even when phone is on silent it will ring. Great invention. Bought this for my wife, because she consistently seems to misplace her phone or her keys when she is about to leave the house. Now I am not having to help her look every other day!
pretty good got it for the family and comes in handy. you have to replace the batteries instead of having a charger which is a downside
Good product, slight learning curve for non-tech savy customer. App might be a little confusing for grandparents, but for anyone even slighty tech savy is a must have.
I can find my keys now! I love my tile! So easy to set up and use! I can find my keys now!
If it worked perfect every time it would get 5 stars No more lost wallets! If it worked perfect every time it would get 5 stars. Once in a blue moon, tho, it just searches and searches...
Don't waste your money on this Very dissapointed in this product. First the only reason this is getting a two star is due to its easy set up and its small form factor. This was a huge disappointment for me as when it is in my wallet or inside anything you can barely hear it ring so this is not a good product unless you have a really really quiet place.
Five Stars Works well and saves time when keys are misplaced
b'Love it ?? Tile hadn\xe2\x80\x99t failed me yet! Love it ??'
Four Stars Keeps track of important items we lose most easily.
Great Product Neat product, I really like that it can ping off other people's tile's to help you find your lost items. What a great idea! The "tones" it plays to help you find it are kind of lame and so far I can't find any way to customize it. But it does work as described.
Helpful product Love the Tile! Has helped me several times finding my keys and can also help find your phone. I didn't know that the battery dies after about a year depending on how much you use it and you have to purchase a new one.
Good, But Has Downsides Works great! The only downside is that my son says you can only call it at a certain distance and then you can't, and the GPS only updates when another tile comes near it.
I received tile mate and finally decided to use it ... I received tile mate and finally decided to use it a couple of months after purchase. I tile I received was previously used and activated. I paid for a tile that was used and I could not return due to cut off time to return.
Stopped working Bought for my kid for Christmas. End of January and it has stopped working.
Product everyone needs This device is just what I needed and I can’t believe it was so inexpensive. Now I never lose my phone or keys. I’ve even hid it in my car a few times while I was out of town or in a bigger city. Security at its finest
One Star useless
I've lost my keys a hand full of times since ... I've lost my keys a hand full of times since I've gotten "Tile" but thankfully that was short lived ! It also has a setting where if you lose your phone, just double click on your Tile and it'll call you (even if your phone is on silent)!
Very useful in an unforeseen circumstance! What a nifty invention! I bought a pair of these for my key sets. After a situation of wishing I had this, I will never go through that again! This easily links up to your phone. You can even find your phone easily with the press of a button on the tile. If your keys are far away, the tile app will show you a gps map of where the tile is! Love it!
Jury's Still Out I'm still trying to decide. My initial impression of the Tile was good. Even though, like with some less sophisticated locators, you have to play a game of "warmer/colder" to get within Bluetooth range to ring the tile, it seemed to work well at first. Well enough, in fact, that I followed up with a four-pack and stuck one on various often-lost devices.Then, today, my cat (the first Tile recipient) shed his quick-release collar, and I tried to use the Tile app to find it. Nothing. Even after I found the collar by sight and held it in my hand, the app did not see the Tile. I tried pressing the button on the Tile device to ring my phone but, again, nothing. Since buying the Tile, I've left my Bluetooth active all of the time, hoping that the app would use it to keep track of my devices. It doesn't.I thought maybe the Tile's battery had already died, despite the fact that I'd only had it for three weeks. Then, I tried one of the others. Nothing. Tried another. Also nothing. I tried replacing the cat's tile with the remaining new one from the four-pack. Still nothing."Okay," I thought, "it's apparently not the Tile itself. Maybe it's the app?" I turned off my phone and rebooted it. Suddenly, the cat's "missing" tile was found. I was able to ring it, too. Good news, that! But now I'm left feeling I can't really trust the app or the devices.I'll give it some more time.What I DO like is that the Tiles are small and light enough to use on small cats' and dogs' collars. They're still not quite as small as I'd like, but they're not nearly as large and clunky as most of the other devices I've seen. When a pet goes missing, though, I don't want to have to worry about whether the battery has died without my knowing it, or that the app might have suddenly gone wonky.Suggestions to manufacturer: Can you perhaps add a "low battery" alert to the app? Also, when Bluetooth is turned on, your app needs to ping the device every half hour or hour, so that it's always keeping track of where things are. As it is, despite having my Bluetooth turned on constantly, the app said today that its last recorded "sighting" of my cat's Tile was two days ago, even though the cat has been here with me the whole time. That's unacceptable.
Not perfect, but has saved me a few times. Tiles come in handy a couple of times, especially once when my keys had fallen into the garbage! They are a little too thick to put on some items, but are great for keychains, billfolds and luggage. Takes 15 minutes or so to figure out how to set it up.
Five Stars thumbs up
Five Stars Very happy with seller and product.
like WTF? Doesn't always ring when my phone or tile are right in front of the other, just says near by. like WTF?? My keys are in front of my face and you can't let me know. YA FEEL ME!!
Three Stars Difficult to sync it up.
Four Stars Works well
The mate finder is wonderful every time my son this place is his keys ... The mate finder is wonderful every time my son this place is his keys all he has to do is push the button and it finds them what a great gift
My Tile saves me so much time! Can't imagine being without a Tile. 4 pack is a more economical way to purchase Tiles. Great gift! I gave to my Mom and my teenagers.
Great concept & product but can't replace battery Got this for the Mrs since she always manages to lose the keys in the house!!! Works great. She's used it a few times already and is very happy I got it for her. Only issue is this unit is not user serviceable. Once the battery dies you need to get another unit albeit at a reduced price. No reason they couldn't make this with a swapable battery. The concept though is great. Once this one dies I'll be getting another tracker but from a different brand, one where you can swap out the battery yourself.
Five Stars No more delays when Im leaving to work. Thinking to buy one more for my car.
Five Stars Great product>
Excellent Concept: Nearly Useless in Practice and Expensive Conceptually, this is a good idea. But the performance of the product is inconsistent which becomes a significant problem given the nature of the product.The Tile system uses bluetooth to communicate between the Tile and the app on your phone. This limits the range of the device and provides only proximity detection. To resolve this problem, when locating a Tile device, the device plays a sound. Since the Tile device is not rechargeable and does not take a replacement battery, some thought had to be put into how to extend the battery life. A constant connection between the phone app and the tile is infeasible to maintain over the course of a year on a single battery.The unfortunate end result is that the Tile system only irregularly connects to and can locate Tile devices. Standing in my kitchen with my phone in one hand and the Tile device in the other, the bluetooth did not connect and would not locate the Tile device.At a larger scale, the GPS location of a Tile device is imprecise as well. As a test, I ensured that a Tile was connected to my phone via BlueTooth. I then left the tile in my car in long-term parking at the airport while I was gone on a trip. When I returned, I attempted to use the last known position function. The end result? The position wasn't close. If I had, say, dropped my keys the functionality would have been useless.If the Tile were a one-time purchase, this inexact location system would be helpful. But as an expensive, annual subscription for new devices? It is nearly useless in practice.
Really doesn’t work 3 of 4 tiles failed within 30 days of putting them into service. Working now to get replacements. Supposed to last one year minimum.
Waste of time REally hard to set up and stopped working after a couple months
pretty handy! Does exactly what it advertised, pretty handy!
Great Gift This is an incredibly handy device. A great gift for anyone as it is simple to use and works perfectly. The ability to click the tile and have your phone ring is super useful.
Designed obsolescence Designed obsolescence. Lasts for a year and you get an alert on your phone telling you it will stop working soon. I’m switching to a tracker with a replaceable battery.
makes life easier works as its says
Best Gift Ever Love tile!! Best gift ever!!
Such a great product. I ordered an off brand version for ... Such a great product. I ordered an off brand version for my cat, and it totally died in two months. Decided to pay a little extra for the Tile and I'm so far very pleased. Yes, it works for a pet! If you click the tracking device you can also use it to locate a phone (even if it's on silence). So I will always be able to find my phone or my cat :)
Awesome product This is something everyone should have. The tile can track your phone and make it ring and your phone can track the tile. I recommend these to everyone! You won't be disappointed.
Five Stars Great!
Five Stars Grouse
Five Stars Frickin awesome! Never lose my phone or my keys again and it cost less than $30.
Love this finder Love these tiles. I am always losing my keys or my phone but so long as I have one of the them, I can find the other.
Five Stars I love it
Had this for 2 weeks and have used about once ... Had this for 2 weeks and have used about once, of course once i buy these i dont lose anything
Five Stars Life saver!!
Four Stars Iz kewl
It is fun to play with works really This is a really neat device. It is fun to play with works really well
Five Stars Great
It works amazing. super easy to setup super easy to use This thing has saved my life.. It works amazing. super easy to setup super easy to use. I Think everyone should have one of these. not only can you find your keys or wallet but u can find your phone with it as well..ONLY CON i have on this thing is the noise it makes when being located is not that loud. Its a decent volume but not loud.
Five Stars Gift
Love love love this item Love love love this item!!! I would lose my head if it wasn’t attached. Now with just a push of a button, I can find my phone or my keys
Five Stars It works great to find my phone.
Amazing Little Wonder Square! I love it!! I love this Tile! I got it as a Christmas Present from my fiancé after he realized how many times I lose my keys& my phone. This little wonder square is amazing! The app is so convenient and when I lose my phone I have the actual Tile on my keys which helps me find my phone.Down side:I wish I didn’t have to keep the Wi-Fi on all the time in order for the Tile to work. Wi-Fi drains my battery faster, but other than that, it’s honestly worth the purchase.
We've already had to use it a few times in ... We've already had to use it a few times in the past month, because my wife can never seem to remember where she puts anything. And the phone finder feature (push a button on the tile to make your phone ring) has saved her quite a few times
Love it It was given to me as a gift because I am always either loosing my keys or my phone and this helps me find both.
As described, great deal if bought in larger quantities such as 4 or 10 These work amazingly and thats really as much as needs to be said about these. I would highly recommend these to anyone, however if you plan on carrying them visibly, I would recommend the tile or the sport as they are both splash resistant and look more at home on your keys while also maintaining a slightly longer range than the mate as a louder speaker for locating purposes.
I can't live without this thing. Sure, it's ... I can't live without this thing. Sure, it's expensive, and the phone finder works only when it wants to-but the key finder has already more than paid for itself.
if you misplace things, this will solve that problem! saved me, more than once, from spending time looking for "a thing".
Don’t bother buying, not the quality they used to be I’ve owned a tile before and it worked great, this item however is close to useless. I can press the tile looking for my phone or send a signal from the app looking for my keys and nothing happens. When I do find my keys and have the items in my hand right next to each other, only then does it make a sound. Pretty useless and poor quality.
The tile is a nice size and the button to alert your phone is ... This was a Christmas gift for my wife who somehow always seems to lose her keys. The tile is a nice size and the button to alert your phone is sn excellent touch. But the purpose of the tile is to find your keys and it does only a decent job of it. After pulling up the app it takes a fairly l g time to locate the tile unit they is in close proximity. The app also has too much filler and isn’t as easy to navigate as I would like. I wish the product had higher range. For instance what if something was stolen and wasn’t within a short distance
Five Stars Amazing! And the tone is not annoying!!
They do work!! We liove these!!
Five Stars Everybody needs this!
Five Stars I love tile
Found it! Well I know where my keys are and my phone....
Five Stars This is an awesome buy!!!
Huge delay Unreliable. When testing, the tile would often indicate that my keys were in a previous location, that I had not been in days.
Well worth it if you can’t hang unto your keys My daughter loves these, I buy her new ones when the batteries die.
Hope I never need it! But I it works! I hope it never actually need to use this thing. Having lost keys many times and paid expensive replacement visa at the dealer, this is cheap insurance. It’s pretty easy to set up and every time I’ve tested it, it helps me find the keys with no problem.
Super convenient Battery lasts YEARS, fast shipping, great product
Update-not as good as it seems So, whenI reviewed this I had them a month, but only used them once. I have 3 tiles, one on the remote. It seems like it works best if only one person has them synced to their phone. As soon as we both tried to have the app on our phones and search for the remote only one of us could find it. Plus, it also took over an hour to find the keys that were 6 inches away! Not helpful at all. Something to do with the bluetooth connection? I guess you've got to have only one app and make sure you check in with your tile daily to keep it connected... I'm not happy with this performance, but I'll keep updating it.
It’s good to know that your I missing item is close ... Works well but the volume is way too low. I keep it in my wallet and can’t hear it if it’s on the counter 5 feet away. It’s good to know that your I missing item is close by and not lost somewhere , but the alarm is so soft it’s not very useful tracking something down . Not sure I would buy again
Five Stars Helped me find my wallet, totally worth it!
Phone can't ever find it Can't keep it connected. The only time it will work is pretty much right after I set it up with the app on my phone. My parents have some and they love them. Must be my phone that is not very compatible with the tiles. I have a Moto something or other.
Works Great! Works Great!
I would like a refund please Mine won’t work. We set it up right and got it to work twice but now nothing. I would like a refund please .
Five Stars Best thing Ive ever bought!!!!
Five Stars Works well!
Five Stars It’s great!
Five Stars I am glad I got this but I occasionally activate it on accident.
Five Stars Love it
Batteries die in 6-9 months and you'll have to buy a new one. It dies after about 9 months (6 if you use it regularly). You cannot replace the battery, so you have to buy a new one. While it is alive, it works like a charm!
Fast service. product just as described. Fast service.product just as described.
Hope it lasts Because I love it. Prettttty sweet invention
Five Stars this is the best invention
Perfect item I bought this as a gift for my mother in law (she tend to lose her phone and keys). She was very happy and she has been using it a lot. Last Christmas I blew everyone away with this, probably the most useful and original gift everyone had. I would recommend this to anyone who tend to lose things or as a gift to anyone who lose things as I did. I am very happy to have find this product and to have bought it.
Well worth if you tend to misplace your keys If you are constantly misplacing your keys, just spend the money and buy these.
I like it Easy to find my keys if I loose them and same with my phone but sometimes the tile won't make noise when I call it
Helps find things but can't replace the battery Yea! No more lost keys. They are just a little too expensive and I wish I could replace the battery.
Wonderful! Now my husband can find his phone Wonderful! Now my husband can find his phone, keys and wallet.
Awesome Awesome
Five Stars For my memory challenged in-law.
Don't Leave Home Without It I bought this unit to replace an original tile that finally died. I wouldn't be without one for even a short while.
Five Stars Was a gift to our daughter and she loves it!
Investigate further Sound too low and seldom works
Works, but not enough users to help find tile The tile works with the app. The app can find the tile when in range, but the community is not big enough to find the tile anywhere else. I enabled the find tile feature and no one in the “community” has located the tile. I ran 3 miles with the tile in a crowded park and no community member located the tile. The app can tell you the last location of the item, but if someone moves the tile I highly doubt the “community” will find it.
Five Stars Great produce, worth purchasing.
Four Stars Good product. Audible sound is not loud enough and the range is limited.
waste of doesn't work. waste of money
Five Stars Great for keys wallet and phone.
Doesn't locate phone I loved my original tile, worked perfectly all the time. But I had to but a new when the battery ran out and these ones do not work for finding my phone at all. Whenever I double push the tile it just beeps without actually finding my phone--even if it is right next to it. I hate that you have to buy a new when the battery dies and these new ones can't find my phone.
Get one Excellent product, very helpful and simple
Would be nice if ringer was louder but definitely does the trick Always works reliably. Would be nice if ringer was louder but definitely does the trick! I’ll buy more of them if price comes down.
Works great. I dig the chime feature Used it with my Keys, dog, and Phone. Works great. I dig the chime feature. Helps locate keys, and phone. My dog doesn’t move much so I play the chime and he gets up and moves. Hahahaha. But I always know where he is now.
Lost and FOUND!! These tiles are amazing! I initially purchased one for my daughter. When I saw how great they work, I purchased the 4 pack. Highly recommend!
Five Stars when our grandson loses his Elmoitis easy to find now
One Star Never used it, and by the time I got around to it, the battery was dead.
No more Brain damage looking for my keys! Works Great !
Five Stars Works great. Now I don’t have waste time looking for my keys anymore.
excellent product! I don't know how I lived without this! excellent product!
Great Buy Great purchase and ring tone selection too
EZ to set up Had to use it works great
Five Stars works great
I returned it because you can't replace the battery when ... I returned it because you can't replace the battery when it runs out, you have to mail it in and pay about 40% of the price for them to replace it. I went with the cube, which allows me to replace the battery.
Ehhh. I'm not impressed but it has helped a couple times find it on my person when I thought keys lost. AVOID. Ehh, bigger than I thought but I have it on my key chain and a few times it has helped me find the keys on my person which I thought were lost. Go figure. I may like this more as I use it but so far it is....ehhhh.....not very loud so if on other side of the house, forget it.
Too quite Not loud enough
Five Stars Very good I am always loseing my keys or this works great for finding them.
Five Stars in my opinion, it's the coolest stuff tracker!
Five Stars Fantastic
Five Stars Greatest thing ever
Five Stars Such a cool invention! I love it!
But seems to work fine as they say I had hoped it would have a huge range. But seems to work fine as they say.
CAn find things at last. CAn find things at last. Wish sound louder on finding keys with the tlile
Nice This thing works great! light weight tracks up to about 30 feet indoors and 100 outside. it also in a test worked on leaving my wallet in my desk in the office when anther tile holder passed bye the desk and it set at rank my phone
great to attach to keychains Tile Mate works as advertised, great to attach to keychains, backpacks, etc...
One Star Tile had not enough instructions. I need it to tell my phone that it(my wallet is not with me)
b'Five Stars This thing is a gift from god. I always misplace my phone and wallet ??. Tile to the rescue.'
I highly recommend. Great buy Love tile. It is very easy to use and reliable.
Wish it Was Louder We used to have another type of keychain finder, but we needed to click the coordinating color on a remote, which was inconvenient because we had to keep track of the remote!I love how flat and small the tile is. It is great on a keychain, hooked on the roku remote, or adhered to the side of our sleep number bed remote.My one issue is that I wish I could control the volume. When a remote gets under two blankets and a dog, it’s nearly impossible to tell what direction it is coming from without tearing up the whole bed anyway. But at least I know when I am getting closer, which is better than nothing! Especially when a remote falls or has been put away somewhere different.
2 out of 4 dead on arrival not sure why ... 2 out of 4 dead on arrival not sure why the quality control is lacking. But the owners of the two that do work are enjoying them.
Bought it for my mom as a christmas gift since ... Bought it for my mom as a christmas gift since she kept talking about it so much. haven't seen her use it once, as a matter of fact it is still in the box!
Tile is amazing! It actually helps you get better at keeping ... Tile is amazing! It actually helps you get better at keeping track of the items that you tile as well. But its always there for a safety net in case you loose them again. That's my favorite part.
Greatest thing ever! This is the best thing sliced bread! I could never find my keys until I got this. And if you can’t find your phone but you have your keys (or whatever it is connected to) you squeeze the button on the Tile and it makes your phone ring! I LOVE it! I got one for everyone I know and they love it too. I have two words for you... BUY IT!
Five Stars Love this!! It is so helpful and makes my life easier!
Great product but not amazing Works great! It’s a great concept and a great idea for someone who constantly loses their phone or keys. I love that you can either press a button on your phone to find your keys or press a button on your keys to find your phone. However, it’s a bit quieter than I expected so you have to be sure to turn off outside noises to find your tile mate. You also have to be sure to leave Bluetooth on on your phone - which can drain its battery, but you can’t use your keys to find your phone if your Bluetooth is off. Overall a great product but not life changing!
b'Five Stars Love it! Already had to use it. ??'
FYI Ive used the tile 3 times since purchasing 2 months ago. It worked once. FYI, You have to have Bluetooth & location enabled on your phone and not be in a battery saving mode for the tile to work correctly. First time I didnt have bluetooth enabled, second time my phone was in battery saver mode so it didnt work.
Two Stars The battery should be repalceable.
I like that i can use them to find my phone ... These are life savers. I never have to worry about being late anywhere because i cant find my keys. I like that i can use them to find my phone too
This is a very clever device. I have yet ... This is a very clever device. I have yet to have any issues. I use this for my keys, which I forget where I put regardless of my key rack. It isn't bulky or heavy and doesn't look anymore overwhelming than a gym fob on my key ring.
Four Stars Great idea but frustrating that you can’t replace the battery.
Five Stars Life changer!
Three Stars Its ok. Making my phone ring with the tile doesn’t work that good
He was pleased with it I bought it for my grandson for Christmas. He was pleased with it.
I love it! Does everything it says it will I love it ! Does everything it says it will do
Five Stars It arrived, it works
Five Stars Great product
I thought it was amazing for the few weeks it was working I bought this 3 months ago and just put it on my keychain last month. I thought it was amazing for the few weeks it was working! It has already stopped working! I don't understand. I read the reviews that said it usually gave about a year of life, but a month?? That's crazy.
Wallet Tracker! My husband loses his wallet like EVERY other week. No exaggeration. The amount of times he's had to cancel his credit cards and order new ID's is ridiculous. So I bought him this Tile Mate to stick in his wallet. The Tile Mate is thicker than a credit card, but still super slim enough to not make his wallet bulky. It works so well! He's had it for a few months now and has been able to find his wallet each and every time. It plays a little beeping tune when your trying to locate it. It's saved us a lot of time, money and headaches.
Best gift ever Best gift ever! My 13 year old ordered this off Amazon for me for Christmas. I am constantly losing my keys and phone, and this has been such a help! Would highly recommend.
Awesome A second one purchased because we loved the first one so much!
Five Stars Actually works! Now my cat won't worry me when he steps outside unnoticed xD
But the tiles are great besides that Bought this for my dad for Christmas (he's forever misplacing his keys or his wallet) By Boxing day, he already needed to use it. The only drawback is that there aren't any tiles appropriate for attaching to a phone. That's the other thing he loses a lot. But the tiles are great besides that.
Nope! The only time this worked was for the two days after Christmas when I was showing people how good it was. Now it won't connect to my phone and is constantly wasting my battery since it is constantly searching for my keys ( where the Tile is attached), even when the keys and phone are sitting next to each other on my dresser. Even when I do the reverse search (double click the tile to find your phone) and the tile just beeps never finds the phone. I have tried reconnecting by why do I have to, it should be connected all the time.
Amazing My family has four tiles my wife uses hers everyday to find her keys nice to know i dont have to look 20minutes for the things that matter i replaced the batterys myself when they died some super glue and some 2025 batteries good as new
Five Stars Great present for the forgetful mom in your life
Five Stars Perfect for the person always trying to leave the house yelling, 'where are my keys!!'
Tile saves time I bought this for my 27 year old granddaughter and it works beautifully! Can't find her phone, she presses the tile and her phone starts ringing, leading her straight to it.
Five Stars i lost my keys once and bought this. it has been very helpful!
no better. I'm going to wait for a new and ... Couldn't get this to work correctly. No customer service that you could actually speak to. I reloaded time after time , no better. I'm going to wait for a new and improved one next year.
It's easy to use and really helpful for those who misplace items This was a gift for a co-worker and she loves it!
Waste of money Very limited usefulness. Maybe OK to find lost things (such as keys ) around the home but a cell phone's bluetooth (which you must use) has limited range and once you are out of range you can't communicate with the Mate. Spend your money on something else.
Five Stars was a gift for some one who looses their keys a lot - came in very handy
Non replaceable battery..sucks! Battery runs out after one year and you have to buy a new tile..SUCKS!!! CAN'T replace battery!Too quiet to find easily. Making it louder only shortens battery life. Battery must be replaceable or not worth it.
Awesome for finding your keys when they’re lost and for ... Awesome for finding your keys when they’re lost and for finding your phone when it’s lost. Highly recommend this product!
Cool gadget Great Christmas item. I bought two. My family loved them
But sometimes is not good enough. Not loud enough and I have good ... Sometimes it works and I have found my keys in unlikely places. But sometimes is not good enough. Not loud enough and I have good hearing. Recently, it would not locate the keys that were literally 2 feet away. Stopped working after 8 months. You have to buy a replacement approx every year. Very disappointed.
Greedy Bastards: Tiles die in 1 yr and you essentially have to buy new ones: WASTE OF MONEY! Folks, I was given 4 pack tilemate a year ago and now the batteries are failing. Tile unfortunately has hardwired the batteries so you must go back to them and “retile;” a name given to the discount program for trading in old tiles for new ones. This is plain old greed as the “retile” cost of a 4 pack tile mate is USD$47 vs USD$49 for everyone who wishes to purchase the same from Amazon. Take a look at the attached pics showing their retile quote using my smartphone Tile app and compare to Amazon’s price: you are easentially buying new tiles again at full price. PLEASE SEND THEM A MESSAGE LOAD AND CLEAR BY NOT BUYING THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THEY ALLOW US TO CHANGE BATTERIES OURSELVES!!
Five Stars Best investment ever!!! Already paid for itself!
Second tile that has stopped working for my wife. ... Second tile that has stopped working for my wife. This last time we lost a set of Jaguar keys....very upsetting.
After 1 year I’m changing my review Changed my review to 1 star. I really love these things they are great. However, after 1 year I’ve changed my review to 1 star because of battery issues. So the battery is apparently dieing. I find out because the company starts emailing me. So I go to figure out how to change the battery, no big deal right? Well apparently you can’t. They designed it so you must buy a new one! Sure it’s at a discounted price, but still much more than a battery. What a crock of shi#! They could have made the battery accessible, but nope! What an unethical scam!
Five Stars Pleased!
Saved me a $200 phone insurance deductible Got this as a gift from a friend. Tile saved me a huge iPhone deductible charge with my phone loss insurance- thank you so much Tile!!! The “find my iPhone” function would not work unless I entered an authentication code which I could not access because I didn’t have my iPhone to get the code?!?! How ridiculous is that, Apple?? So I logged on to my online account with Tile that I set up when I installed the Tile app. Tile showed me within maybe a 10 foot radius exactly where my iPhone was- 2 hours away lying on the ground at an I-95 rest stop where it had fallen out of my pocket! It was giving me a live signal too and displayed how long it was there pinging the location. Using the Tile on my keychain I was able to make my iPhone ring (works even if the ringer is off) and found it lying in the snow exactly where the website said it was. Again, thank you so much Tile! Tile worked when my Apple iCloud account wouldn’t let me access the location without a verification code (even though I was logged into my iCloud account).For the negative reviewers: $20-30 for a tile and web view locator via Tile website, and you’re complaining about the 1 year battery??? Really?
Brilliant! I now know which sets of keys are lost in my purse and where my cell is at all times! Brilliant!
One Star Sucks
I'm really disappointed, since I ordered the four pack before Christmas. I gave one to each of my kids, and kept one. Well, the one I kept doesn't work. My phone cannot detect it to set it up. I'm really disappointed, since, the other three have been passed out already
I gave this as a gift to my friend who ... I gave this as a gift to my friend who loses her wallet ALL THE TIME- she thought it was both hilarious and so handy.
A key finder that finds your keys and your keys ... A key finder that finds your keys and your keys can find your phone too with TILE. Dope! Buy it....
Now I have one less excuse if I'm late. ... Now I have one less excuse if I'm late. I use this for my keys and it's already helped me a few times.
Great product! Worth it! I love the Tile! It works great and is an easy way to keep up with your keys
Won't work before you register on cell phone.If you misplace it,forget it. Can't locate if it is further than 100 ft distance If you don't register it straight away, you won't be able to find it as it Works only after regisered on your cell phone. Also the distance it can reach is only 100ft. If you lose it somewhere further you won't be able to track it down
Five Stars Software is easy to use
Impressive. A must! I bought it as a Christmas gift for my mom and she LOVES it and so do i. I’m planning on buying one for myself.
Five Stars It’s awesome
Five Stars So far so good
Five Stars Works great
It’s so easy to set up and use The Tile has saved me countless times from being late! It’s so easy to set up and use...I love it.
To big They are a lot bigger than I thought, so they don't fit on smaller things. Like a watch. I have one on my phone and it looks bulky and noticeable. I just realized they are not rechargeable. So they only last a year. That makes them more than Im willing to spend.
Nice to spend 20 to 30 minutes trying to find ... Nice to spend 20 to 30 minutes trying to find my child’s monkey blanket. I just found it in 30 seconds thinks that the tile. I love it!
Works great when you need to find your keys or whatever ... Works great when you need to find your keys or whatever with the Tile App on your cell phone but not very good at all trying to find your cell phone with a Tile itself.
It’s very easy to use the phone to find your Tile Slim, light and very convenience to put in wallet. It’s very easy to use the phone to find your Tile.However, you have to leave the Tile App online in order find your phone.
Great Very helpful!! Great device
Love the product Love the product, simple and helpful. It saves a ton of time when looking for your keys and phone. Really nice
STOLEN KEYS Purchased for my kids 3 years ago for Christmas. After loosing his keys Numerous times my sons wife activated his tile and its been a life saver !! He's lost his keys on the job site several times and was able to find them in places where he would not have looked. Just recently he unknowingly dropped his keys on the ground outside his building ,while trying to locate, the tile indicated it had left the parking lot. My son was frantic , calling a lock smith and then the car dealer to find a new set of keys and ignition would cost around $600 dollars . Then I reminded him of the "Tile Community " ,he logged on to the app , listed his Keys as Stolen and within minutes he had 6 pings . Long story short , with the help of the Tile Community he was able to locate the keys to a Apartment complex 30 miles away and recognized a car that was parked next to his when they came up missing. After confronting the individual - who was with full intent going to go back and steal my sons car , the keys were handed over and then the tile . My son couldn't of thanked me enough for this gift. After 3 years the battery is still working, and it has saved him hundreds of dollars and an almost stolen car. THANK YOU TILE !!!!
Can't hear it Does what's it's supposed to do. Problem with ringtone being far too soft
Five Stars Buy it as a gift and they love it, perfect for keys when you lose them often!
Love it! I bought it for my husband who loses his keys, wallet, and phone almost everyday. Such a time saver. Love it!
Five Stars Cool app
Improves my life daily Rarely can any product change my daily life as simply and and quickly as a deployed set of Tiles Love It
Great service! Exactly as it was said it would be! Great service!
One Star It doesn’t really work and it’s highly unreliable. It doesn’t work when you need it.
bought this for my mom within the first day we ... bought this for my momwithin the first day we used it both to find her phone and to find her keyssoftware UX could be a little more clear for the non-technical folks, but still 5 stars in my book
Saves so much time and frustration when I misplace my ... Saves so much time and frustration when I misplace my keys, wallet or phone. More importantly saves your “life” when I lost (not misplace) my wallet!
Five Stars This thing is the greatest.
Five Stars Does it’s job
Perfect for a busy mom! I am regularly setting my phone and/or keys down where they don’t belong and the tile has saved me many times!
Five Stars Works as advertised. I have a problem with losing my keys so this definitely helps.
must have for people who misplace anything Pretty much a must own for anyone who misplaces their phone or keys (or really anything). I use it CONSTANTLY. Even when my phone is on silent (which it always is) this little tile makes it ring. It has saved me so much time and headaches. The only reason it did not get 5 stars is that after a year of using it, the battery went dead and I realized it wasn't replaceable...well, sort of. I found a video online where you can force it open, change the battery and glue or tape it back together--which I did and it works great. I recommend scotch tape. It is strong enough yet you don't notice it and it gives you the ability to change the battery again.
Five Stars This is very nice.
Five Stars Save me many times.
I gave this as a gift for my loved one. It stopped working within the month of ... I gave this as a gift for my loved one. It stopped working within the month of using it. I bought it on October 30th, unboxed it on November 20th and by December 20th it started failing. It is now January 6th and it does not work.
I gave away three and kept one for me! If you have your keys, it finds your phone. If you have your phone, it finds your keys. If you lost both, reconsider your basic life decisions.
I’m super spacey by nature and this led to me losing ... This thing has saved my butt so many times! I’m super spacey by nature and this led to me losing all my keys. A friend recommended buying a tile and now we have 4 of them. Best $25 I’ve ever spent!
Five Stars Now I can find my keys!
USELESS IF NO USERS ARE AROUND My car went missing which had a tile in it and I requested to be notified when the location was updated. It never did because the car was probably taken to a rural area. This product relies on other tiles users so if you're in an area where not a lot of user are around, it's really useless. Returning mine.
a little pricey for what it does, a little pricey for what it does, haven't had the chance to test. purchased to use on my drone if it drops out of the sky.
Lost & found!!! Purchased 3 for gifts! One for ME! Amazing for me always misplacing my keys & phone! Easy to set up..even for an old lady like me!!
Five Stars Gave as a gift. Received a Tile Sport for Christmas. Don’t know I survived this long without one.
Great gift idea Everyone needs this!! Great gift idea!!
Five Stars Great way to keep track of my keys!!! Easy to use and it works!
Does not stay connected to my phone so when I ... Does not stay connected to my phone so when I want to find my phone it does not activate.
Five Stars Use it over and over
Five Stars Love these!
Bluetooth has to stay on Had to Leave Bluetooth on all the time which kills the phone battery. It also would have trouble reconnecting if I turned the Bluetooth off at any point. I sent them back
Works Great! Partner Likes It Christmas present for my partner now I want one. Time will tell on this one as to how long it works based on alternate reviews.
Five Stars I love the Tile!!!
It's okay, but not great if you don't have signal between your phone and the item. We've had issues with it not being able to pick up a signal between our phone and keys with the tile within our household. Not sure if my keys being in a coat pocket was enough to block the signal or what, but it's pretty bad that it doesn't pick up within feet of each other due to fabric. I'm not sure this would help if I dropped a key in the yard mowing, etc.
Love it but the sound on the standard tile ring ... Love it but the sound on the standard tile ring tone could be increased. Once inside a purse the sound is faint.
No problems at all! Love love them!!!
Five Stars Used it for the first time. Usually have to look every where, but with one tap I found them.
Already used this once and worked great. Lost my keys..... won't happen again!!! Already used this once and worked great.
Not good with my hearing and not compatible with my phone. It's very cute but I thought the ringing would come through the phone, not the tile itself. I wanted to use it for my hearing aid case but that doesn't work out. The sound is inaudible. Also, now I see that it is not compatible with the Galaxy S8 and that's my phone. Sadly, it is useless to me even though I spent hours on it and even restored my phone to factory settings. It wasted two days of my life and it will be returned.
b"Battery died in 3 months Such an amazing helpful little tool. I bought this for my boyfriend whom is always losing his keys. This has literally made his life easier. Now he can find his keys when I'm not there ?? 3 stars because the battery is supposed to last for a year, but only worked for 3 months! You have to buy into their replacement program for the year guarantee coverage because you cannot replace the battery. If it lived the year it was supposed to, I'd give it 6 stars."
GET THIS IF YOU LOSE YOUR STUFF EVERY DAMN DAY Seriously the Best Buy ever! I’ve been using this for about 1 year and it works really good. I put it on my key and have an app. If I lose my phone, press the key and bam I find it with the beeping. If I lose my keys, press my phone and I find it so easily! Perfect for when you lose things easily like me. I’ve used this product sometimes a few too many times in one day haha. The worst part of this is not really the manufactures fault but my own, when I lose my keys and my phone. Then I am screwed. Worth the money! I am gonna buy three more for my purse, my second set of keys and my wallet.
Doesn't work very well. Doesn't work to find my phone even if its right next to me and bluetooth is on. Cant hear the tile very well - like when it is in my purse.
Best gift ever! Very helpful! Love that you can find your phone from your keys even when your phone is on silent! Definitely recommend for anyone who is a little forgetful at times! :)
Tile is helping with keys. I like the purpose of Tiles to help me find my keys or phone. Tile had better reviews.
Do you know this tile is only good for one year Do you know this tile is only good for one year? After one year it's useless and then you need to buy a new one again good for another year? I don't have time for this and it's expensive technology.
Fragile. Worked great for one day! Then, nothing.
Useful tool if lost items are close by Helps me locate my items when I don’t don’t remember where I put them
Battery dies after 5 months other than that great product Added feature: The tile will also find your phone even if set on silent. Highly recommend. Gave as a gift to bf - he loves it and uses it daily.
Five Stars Great idea! Works well. To use to find your phone the Bluetooth needs to be activated.
I lose my keys all the time and have seen ... I lose my keys all the time and have seen this for a long time. I have only had it for less than a week and have used it multiple time. This is well worth the purchase.
not super durable, not returnable Worked well for 6 months, not super durable, not returnable.
I love it! My children bought this product for me, because they were tired of me asking them to help find my keys. I love it!...and so do they!
Five Stars Works great!
Five Stars It works well. I use it more than I’d Like to admit.
Five Stars Great
Batteries don't last long in the Tile! The Tile does help you locate items but.....I bought in Feb 2017 and In Dec 2017 it was telling me they need replaced battery low. 10 month lifespan??? Was hoping to get at least 2 years out of the batteries. Even my watch battery gets 2 to 3 years.
Four Stars It just sometimes will start singing easily since the button sometimes gets pushed while in my pocket.
Easy set up and easy to use Very handy device. Easy set up and easy to use. It's come in handy several times. I bought one for my husband too.
Spotty coverage Spotty coverage, find phone doesn’t always work
Tile "MATE"...........read this notice! Let's make this CLEAR!!! You get only the tiles with your order, not what appears to be a little GPS "locator" with the tiles. Some people (like me) who live in a rural area and have NO CELL SERVICE can EASILY mistake the p-h-o-n-e in the photo for a locator unit thusly called, a "tile M-A-T-E". You presently HAVE to have a phone for the tiles to work, I called Amazon and was helped by a very nice gentleman who also found the wording on this ad very confusing! All you get with this is TILES! Be warned if you do not have a cell phone this MOST LIKELY won't work. I suggested making the Amazon Fire 7's and 8's put an icon on the front page so you can click on it and it will alert your tile attached to your item. The Fires do everything else. Amazon........please do this, the fires ARE Android devices! And you claim the tiles are compatable with Android devices......however, the Fires are not compatable with the tile, one of your new products? Please get this done!! Thank you.
These are possibly the best thing ever created These are possibly the best thing ever created. Lost keys? What lost keys? It went from an every morning thing to an it hasn't happened thing.
1 year battery life is a deal breaker for me. Great concept, but battery only lasts for a year whether you use it or not. I learned that the hard way with a previous one I received as a gift. I ended up returning it. I'm sure it's a great product for anyone who doesn't mind paying $25 per year.
These must be replaced every year.... I like that the tile works to find things. I don’t like that I have to replace it with a new tile each year.
Five Stars Works great.
Already low battery after 1 year Its useful but i wont replace this after battery goes. Im disappointed because battery cant be replaced and goes after a year.
company grown beyond ability to provide good product poor performance. when tile first came out seemed to work better. for last year there have been endless problems. system buggy. does not pick up correct map location. does not show find icon. notifies of dead battery after only 6 months. etc. company has grown beyond its ability to deliver good product.
... the 4 pack up and gave as gifts- everyone loved them Split the 4 pack up and gave as gifts- everyone loved them
Really disappointed with how this performed Didn’t work most of the time! Really disappointed with how this performed. Returned back.
It Works! I gave this as a gift. One part of the hookup failed but was quickly replaced with a new one which works beautifully. The Customer Service Department was wonderful. The recipient is delighted with 5this product as he can now find his keys and glasses with no problem.
Was an awesome Christmas gift same day as opening it and put ... Was an awesome Christmas gift same day as opening it and put it to use in locating our garage key works as expected, appreciated more than expected.
It works better than I thought it would It works better than I thought it would. The ability to “reverse” find my phone and tablet shaves 20 minutes off my morning.
Five Stars Pretty cool concept
Five Stars great
Just started Just started using but love them so far.
Five Stars Awesome!
Very helpful! Helps me keep up with my key fobs
Novelty item Battery only has a life of one year, forcing you to buy another one. Cant replace the battery. 4 out of 5 times the phone or tile of “out of range”, but everything was inside the house and we don’t live in a mansion....
Easy to operate can buy a package of mutable and give them as indidual gifts 60 years old and yet here is another wonderful tec invention! I bought a package of 4 and gave them as individual gifts. I was a little frightened because one of the reviews stated that if they are packaged together they will only communicate with the first device that one of the four tiles in the package is connected to. THIS IS NOT TRUE I am happy to say. Each tile works as a individual unit
Worth to get it~ It really works and saves our time to find the key~
Easy setup, nice packaging Easy setup, nice packaging. Have set them up to my keys and am now confident I won't be losing them.
Four Stars Can't believe it doesn't have a replaceable battery
Great concept but poor execution Doesn't work very well. Not really worth the money.
Five Stars Started using it the moment it arrived!