Not easy to install This was not easy to install. Was on the phone with support for 2 hours and they couldn’t figure it out. Had to pay $200 to have an HVAC install. It constantly gets knocked off my WiFi even though my WiFi is working properly and other devices work. Not worth the hassle or $
Love it and easy to hookup! I am no electrician, but I was able to turn my four wire into a five wire with that converter they provide. I love ecobee and I love being able to check in on my home where I have pets while I am away. Be sure to check out if your state or local energy companies provide rebates. I got a $100 rebate from my gas company.
Really nice, love how it controls humidity too Does exactly what I needed... which is run the furnace and a humidifier. It's great that it also runs the humidifier "smart", it's not just on and off with the furnace. My only complaint is that hooking it up with Alexa is more complex than it should be. It requires doing things BOTH with Amazon and Ecobee AND then adding your thermostat to the Alexa app. Shouldn't be that many steps involved.Otherwise, it seems to work great, just be ready to replace your thermostat wire. To power the thermostat, run the furnace and a humidifier requires 8 total wires. Most thermostats use 2.
How to use the thermostat and I am also planning on purchasing a 2nd So far I am very happyI will know when I leave and program the thermostat from 27 hours away
No Push Notifications Available Works fine,,, but, no push notifications if heat drops to below a user set temperature. This is a huge disadvantage compared to competitors. We live in north and wanted to use this devise as a freeze alarm when we are away. It will send ems notifications but, we do not always look at those in a timely manner. Would have sent it back but, was past the deadline here. Again, be aware, work fine just no push notifications
Wiring is diagram not complete. Technical support badly trained, no help.I have only 4 wires, no "c" wire and supplied PEK module useless, outdoor AC will not work. My electrician removed PEK module and wired Ecobee4 using my 4 wires and AC works. I asked Ecobee tech support to modify wiring diagram in their instructions and still no answer.I am trying to return for a full refund.
Loses WiFi constantly Constantly loses WiFi which is a pain when you use it to monitor a second home. None of my other devices or cameras have this issue
Wow, How neet!! I love this addition to my smart home
Great product. No issues at all. Nice to be able to check inside temperature when away from home to make sure everything is working. Scheduling is nice. Make sure to follow instructions even if you are a man.
Great choice!! Very happy with this product and the support provided to help install it.
Alexa not worth it Let me start out by saying the Thermostat part of this device is great and I really like the Ecobee system. However, the Ecobee 4 is not worth the extra money for the "Alexa" feature. It does not work well with other Alexa devices, it does not support multi room music or Bluetooth speaker connections. It is basically a very expensive timer. You would be MUCH better off buying an EcoBee 3 (pretty much has exactly the same smart thermostat functions) at this time and purchasing an Echo dot to place in the same room for less than what it costs to buy the Ecobee 4. I wish i could return the 4 and get a 3 instead but I have missed the return window by now.
Bought to spread music around the house, but doesn't support multi-room music As a Christmas present to myself, I decked out my house with Alexa devices, including two ecobee4 thermostats. I had wanted smart thermostats for a while, and I generally like the interface for Nest better than ecobee. But, one of my main desires was to spread music around the house, so I went with the ecobee4. Yes, the speakers on the Echo Dot and ecobee are terrible when used alone, but if you have a Dot hooked up to a nice stereo system, the additional tiny speakers make the house feel full of music. Sadly, first thing I learned was THE ECOBEE4 DOES'T SUPPORT MULTI-ROOM MUSIC.Originally, the ecobee4 didn't support Echo Spacial Perception (ESP), which Alexa devices use to know which device you're closest to, if you have multiple. Thankfully, they figured that out shortly before I bought mine. This was a *software* fix and possibly some deal they had to work with Amazon. Multi-room music should be the same, yet a year and a half after they've been on the market, zero movement. Calls to ecobee to inquire about where this is on the roadmap prove fruitless. I realize that part of this may be working a deal with Amazon - so work through it! If Amazon is going to allow Alexa-enabled devices like this, they shouldn't handicap them.I may be switching to Nest this Christmas and just buy a couple of additional Echo Dots to meet my needs.Additional thoughts for good measure:* The room sensor approach is good and was an additional deciding factor for me. I don't think Nest had these when I was looking, but now they do - one less reason to stick with ecobee.* I turned off the Alexa microphones and only use these as a target for actions triggered from another Alexa device (Echo Dot or Alexa app on my phone). The microphone on these things either suck or just act weird, like my upstairs ecobee will respond when I'm sitting a few feet from my downstairs Echo. Could also be the acoustics in my house.* Before gave up and turned off the microphones, the ecobee would occasionally hear a command and tell me "audio actions are currently not supported on this device" - again, points to poor overall Alexa integration.* The geofence support is absurd. As far as I can tell, it requires an Apple Homekit setup. This is for an ALEXA-based device. They expect folks to have both Alexa and Apple home automation ecosystems??? Geofencing should be possible without this.* Ecobee phone support wait time was terrible, but once I got ahold of a human, they were nice, if not entirely informative. I've called to ask about 2-stage system support (which they do, but the rep had a hard time answering me) and when multi-room audio will come (no answer at all on that one).Those are relatively minor annoyances, and if multi-room music support comes before I switch to Nest, I'll gladly update this review to at least 4 stars.
I LOVE IT! I LOVE MY ECOBEE! So we bought our first house and our thermostat was over 10 years old. We replaced with this and it saved us $75 the first month. Great buy!
Great Thermostat! Works really well, install instructions in app were very informative. Sound quality of speaker is higher than I expected. Easy to make heating/cooling schedules, and can monitor or change heat settings while away.
Great gift Quick delivery, easy install, great product!!!
Thermostat is first class... Alexa is convenient but doesn't work as good as I would like it to. I recommend not getting the thermostats with Alexa. I enjoy the thermostat and the sensors. Great app and functions really nice!
Recommend against purchasing ecobee4 The product itself is good, if it’s working properly. I decided to go with the ecobee4 instead of the 3, so I could have Alexa functions. About a month in, after paying for the professional installation, the unit started making this terribly loud static noise and could only shut it off by turning the volume completely off. That noise eventually stopped, but all the Alexa functions along with the microphone/speaker functions no longer work. I contacted customer support and they were pretty quick to respond back asking for a video of the problem. I took the video, which was too large to send via email. They then asked to make a Dropbox location and share with them so they could see the video. After doing all that, they have not responded to any more of my inquiries! Once they got th video they asked for and saw it was broken, radio silence. I would not recommend purchasing this product, especially paying more for the professional installation to extend the warranty. They won’t even honor a 1 month warranty let alone an extended five year one! Highly advise against this purchase.
ECOBEE IS A WINNER The Ecobee 4 is a winner. I have built a fully automated smart home. Every switch, light and outlet are Insteon and controlled by Home Control Assistant software. The software is somewhat complex but so comprehensive I still have not scratched the surface. As to the Ecobee I was trying for many months to get the Insteon wireless remotes to work reliably, they would not. I have a somewhat different heat system that those with HVCA. I have far infrared heat panels in the ceiling of every room, they give a wonderful warm feeling like the sun. I needed to control each room independently as each room had an Insteon micro module. Nest now offers remote sensors but they are very large and cost twice as much as the Ecobee remote. With Ecobee I set up a remote sensor in every room. With HVCA these work to even the heat. Using Home Automated Control it was possible to create a program that makes each remote sensor act as a separate thermostat! This gives me the ability to set heat points for every room and set up a night schedule to set the heat point back at night and back to what you want for the day. Alexa recognizes each remote by name and can turn the heat for that room up or down, fantastic. The remotes also recognize if the room is occupied or not and a program to set the heat point back until occupied again if you want. Honestly I am thrilled with the Ecobee integration with Home Control Assistant. Once you figure out what temp setting works for each room you are set and Alexa allows you to change it at will. Did I mention that HCA has an app for your phone so if you are away for the day you do not have to wait for the heat to work when you return, all you do is go to the HCA app and select the rooms you want warm when you are a few miles from home. I could not recommend it more.
It's awesome! First off, I ordered my ecobee on Wednesday about 6pm. It was delivered the NEXT DAY! Kudos to Amazon for the excellent service.Next, the ecobee4. It's only been a couple of days but I have to say, it was worth every penny spent on it. The installation instructions were excellent. I had it up and running in about a half an hour. This is time from power shutoff to saying "Alexa, set the thermostat to 68 degrees!" I would recommend this for anyone!
How did I live without this? I love LOVE my ecobee 4. I did have a generic thermostat before this one. It died, and after a ton of research, I settled on the ecobee 4. I didn't own an Alexa device before this, and I like the functionality it provides with the controls and all around Alexa functionality. I liked their product so much, I bought two of the Switch+ units to tinker with in my home office and a family area. It will be interesting to see where they go next.
Evenly Heat and Cool HOme I love Ecobee offers an additional thermostat that you can discreetly set on a shelf. It is used to keep your home evenly heated and cooled. I work from home and my office is quite a ways from where the thermostat is located, my office stays at the temperature as the rest of the house!
Its amazing to have 2 sensors reading your houses temperature It got here quickly and works perfectly just as advertised.
Convenient but not "Eco" The convenience of being able to control the thermostat with my phone or Alexa is awesome, and having a sensor upstairs is great, but there is nothing "Eco" about the EcoBee. One of my main reasons for purchasing this was their promise to lower my utility bills (electric for AC and gas for heat). Exactly the opposite happened. With my old, cheap programmable thermostat my electric bill floated around $80 to $90 in the summer. Since installing the EcoBee my electric bill has consistently been between $280 and $300 per month. I have tried adjusting the program, turning off the upstairs sensor during the day, turning off the feature that senses when you're at home, nothing seems to help.
Worked great but... Started out fantastic then it started to hum about 48 hours later and died. Service provided an RMA but I have yet to reinstall. I had to revert back to the original non-wifi thermostat until i have time to re-attempt. If the second time is a charm, I will revise this review but in the meantime, the jury is still out.
Not compatible with older aircon unit This unit is not compatible with my aircon unit which have just 2 wirings. I just wasted my money and can nit return it since its been over a month since i bought it.
A little expensive For what I paid, I expected it to be way better than what I already had, which was just a plain digital thermostat with wifi capabilities that I got from Duke Energy. It has Alexa, but it is not a very good team player. I have several Alexa devices in the house and they do not collaborate very well. I don't think this Alexa is as smart as the other Alexa devices either, which I thought they all had equal abilities and performance. I even paid an electrician to come out and install it. So maybe check out Nest before buying this. Nest has Alexa capabilities as well.
Best thermostat out there. Best thermostat out there.
Only on 2.4ghz wifi So apparently the Ecobee people didn't realize it's 2018 and that we all have wifi that operates in both 2.4 and 5Ghz networks. This device can only work on 2.4 but there's no settings in it to restrict it to that. So on my Eero network that runs both bands automatically it connects and then drops off the network after a few hours. DAILY.Kinda makes controlling it and using Alexa difficult if it's always offline. This a massive oversight for a modern IoT device that would otherwise be a solid piece of gear. I have a ticket open with the Eero people to see if I can restrict it on that end because, yeah let's make our customers jump through those hoops because we were dumb.Inexcusable.
Great wireless thermostat with Alexa We bought this replacement smart thermostat when we upgraded our furnace and added AC to our house. It works great, the sensor is upstairs and the Ecobee 4 is downstairs. Great web app makes it easy to watch home temps when your away and the unit is smart in that it knows if anyone is home or not and adjusts the temp automatically. Great features and very happy with the purchase.
Great Find! Fast shipping and trusted seller. Product as advertised and nice touch with hand written thank you from the owner.
Easy, cool and beautiful Just love it! Super easy to handle.
So easy, even I could install it Picture me: Brand new homeowner, first time in my house, looking to add a fancy smart thermostat so I can really control the temperature. I fearfully remove the panel from the wall and stare down a bunch of colored wires. Then imagine my joy when I realize that sliding those colored wires into the right slots is so easy that a child could do it. Clip it onto the wall and boom, it boots right up. Wow. I never imagined I could install one of these things, but it was so simple! The device works well, it's a very functional Alexa helper which can set timers, answer questions, and play the radio. The only reason I reduced it by a star is because Alexa tends to blip out at random and requires me to go through setting up my wifi again to get her to come back. The scheduling function is also a bit confusing initially, especially if you're awake past midnight.
Good experience Great experience:) works good . Would order again
high tech gadget!!! I love this thermostat. It communicates with you and you can even play songs with it. I bought this product because it is the best there is, based on the reviews I've read.
Great product Absolutely love and recommend this product with the ease of installation in remote monitoring it makes life simple!
Terrible Experience even after setup, app is very buggy Total pain in the ass even after their PEK.... I understand the serve is down but my unit had not been fully functional for over 12 hours and apple kit integration is terrible... NO LUCK and this is from a household with multiple hue bridges in different locations and accessories etc. Very very very disappointed, one sec away from returning this unit!
Echobee disconnects from wifi The Echobee disconnects from wifi several times a week. Everything else in the house stays connected so the problem is the thermostat.It works fine except for this one issue.It appears it can't be fixed and the manufacturer will do nothing.
Worth it. Easy to install. Awesome features.
Actually spending more in electricity costs, but more comfortable It can measure temps in multiple places, but system can’t direct cooling and heat to rooms that need it. It can only cool/heat every room until the one room that is out of balance (and occupied) is at the desired temp. So all the other rooms will be cooler/warmer than set temp.It’s not ecobee’s fault, but the marketing is a bit deceptive.
I would not buy again My biggest gripe is the account email. It cannot be easiy changed. In fact it took longer to change my email account than it did to install that thing and set it up in the first place. So prior to set-up make sure that you and your spouse or roommates agree on which email will be used to login on your phone.I recommend trying a different brand that is more intuitive.
The Alexi part of this product is not effective Although this was reasonable easy to install and use, the Alexa portion of the product is very troubling. It frequently says it doesnt support tasks that it does support other times. It is non responsive like the internet is down but other alexa devices in the house work fine. It randomly reacts to conversation in the room that are NOT its call phrase while conversely NOT hearing when you call the device even after many tries. I know Alexa on Alexa devices is not a perfect system, but its is very very bad on this item.
Best smart thermostat out there Easy to use and well featured, much better than nest in my opinion. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great smart thermostat that doesn't care about the random small features. All the main features work well and very consistently, but it doesn't have learning abilities like other ones do. I prefer to control it from my phone or the easy to set up schedules.
great product love it
Don’t waste money!! This has literally tripled my last two electric bills since I installed it. Don’t get this if you want to save money!!
What Alexa integration?? As a thermostat it's fine. Being that it's connected means you can adjust it whenever, wherever ... from your phone, computer, etc. This all works well, the installation was mostly straightforward and the Ecobee support team was very helpful.The Alexa implementation is absolute garbage. "Alexa, set the temperature to 76 degrees." -- <Sorry, I can only set the temperature between -76 and 155 degrees> .... WTF is that?! This function has NEVER worked ... since it's supposed to be a key feature of the product I hedged on the lower-side of the rating scale.Ecobee, if you're reading this, I'm happy to update my review if you can fix this for me.Cheers
Finally got this installed! As a DIY person, I thought this should be easy to do however it was a little bit more complicated than I had anticipated. It was not an easy swap between my old thermostat and this one. I am not really an expert when it comes to electrical wiring so I had to call customer support at Ecobee. The person that I spoke with was incredibly helpful and was able to identify why I was having my issues and easily instructed me on how to fix everything so I can get everything hooked up It took me about 20 minutes to get everything installed and I’m very grateful that the person that Ecobee was so knowledgeable. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!
Difficult installation if you don’t have the “C” re at the thermostat level, great tech support I purchased two Ecobee 4 units on EBay because somebody was selling brand new items for $190 each on EBay. They arrived in good condition in the original factory package. I needed two of them because I have HVAC units, one for each floor. I opted for Ecobee 4, not so much because it has built in Alexa, but because it comes packaged with remote sensor and has some additional functionality. Built in Alexa is not important for me because I already have an Echo Plus, an Eco Show, and six Echo Dots (one for each room) at my home. The installation was somewhat difficult because I didn’t have the “C” wire at the thermostat and so I had to climb into the extremely hot attic to attach PEK unit to the furnace control panel. I couldn’t find a “Y” wire at the control panel and was about to give up installing it myself and call a professional, but decided to give a call to Ecobee tech support first. They’re excellent. The guy stayed with me on the phone for an hour and guided me step by step through the installation process. Everything is working well and I am trying to learn all the various features.
Outstanding customer support. This is my first Smart Thermostat, and I had an issue with the install. The issue was with the furnace not the ecobee. For the better part of two days, I had a very patient, and very smart technician at my disposal. He answered all my questions, gave me verbal, written, and visual instructions, and was dedicated to getting my issue resolved. And he did resolve it. My Ecobee is now installed and ready to work. If the product even comes close to the quality of the technical support I am sure it will be outstanding too. I am exceptionally pleased.
Great Product. This product is great. I had no problem installing myself. Love the the easy interactive display. Since putting it in my cooling bill went down 20%. the alexa app is a plus. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a smart upgrade.
Appears to be great IF your system is compatible. Installed as instructed. My system (20 years old) would not operate when installed as instructed. Marrying to Wi-Fi and features looked fabulous and the phone app very easy to operate. Spent 5 hrs trying to get it to work. The last hour was on hold with Ecobee customer service waiting for "the next available rep". I ended up returning the thermostat. I do not recommend if you do not have a "c" wire on your system.
Very pleased Installed the Ecobee4 myself. Very good detailed instructions along with videos that come on your phone with the downloaded app. Once powered up, the Ecobee4 has been very nice to have. I can adjust temperature via my phone from anywhere. I have set profiles for when home or away which I feel in the future will save money on utilities. The supplied external sensor is used in a separate room that I am mostly in and sets the temperature to that room when occupied. Would recommend to anyone.
Simple to install If you have any questions on installation, there are multiple you-tube videos that will make things much easier.
Hi Tech Made Easy I've had good luck with the Ecobee so far, two months in. Installation and setup was very easy and the design is simple and attractive.
In My Opinion Superior to the NEST While it doesn't have the same slick design of the Nest it has the functality that puts the Nest to shame. Nest is even rolling out sensors that duplicate what the Ecobee comes with but they don't integrate as well and i feel don't work as intutivly. All in all the better choice of thermostate for a modern home where you want an even temperature throughout.
Convert from the competition I really like this unit. Moved to a new house, had a nest in the previous, and honestly, not 100% one way or the other. Each system has its pros and cons. A few nice features with this one - ability to add additional room sensors for around the house, geofencing capability (turn on or off when entering or leaving a geofence you set.... REALLY easy to set up!), and the built in Alexa feature (including capability to turn the system on or off on command). Cons - doesn't always turn on if a room sensor shows higher or lower temp, geofencing can be hit or miss at times, and does not give monthly usage reports like the nest does (REALLY liked that feature). Overall, I could go either way, but I have heard from MANY HVAC companies that they will NOT service your house if you have a Nest, apparently it can cause more issues than be of help. But again, I do not know that for a fact, it is just what all companies I have talked to have said.
Easy setup for a dual fuel system-Heatpump with gas furnace backup I had been looking to upgrade a 10 year old Lux touchscreen thermostat to a Smart thermostat . After downloading a lot a of PDF files on multiple thermostats I found that the ecobee4 was the simplest to set up for my Heatpump with backup gas furnace system . The ecobee4 via its User interface allows the homeowner to " never run the heatpump and gas furnace at the same time " without having to use any extra hardware . The sensor was a nice feature and has helped with some temperature balancing issues . As far as Alexa goes I played around with it but it does not add to the functionality I need in a thermostat . My only real complaint would be that the display could have been a bit larger the overall unit is larger than ecobee3 but the display is identical now I knew this when I made my purchase so that's on me .
Bought this, my second Ecobee, for a second home - that is voting with my wallet I've had an ecobee 3 for about 3-4 years now and it remains great.Good layout, functional, 3 remote sensors, ability to handle 2 stage heating/cooling, API, etc.So over 4 years later my existing Ecobee3 is still cutting edge and excellent so I bought this Ecobee4 for a second home.I love the remote access, iOS app, browser functionality, charting, their web api (a programmers interface) - it's all just so well done.It works with my Alexa/Amazon Echo too but I really don't use that part because the Ecobee is already set for what I want it to do. (We do use Alexa for our lights, music, weather, etc. - just not really for Ecobee).One product improvement suggestion I would make is to add a setting for BIG BUTTON screen layout to the device so people battling the typical challenges of age, eyesight, dexterity, shaking, etc. can more easily operate it. The exact screen touches for bumping the temperature up a degree or down a degree are tool difficult for people with these challenges.Again, I love the product but that is one thing that should be improved - and it's a software update so existing and new customers would benefit by this option.Despite the above need for a big-button/dexterity challenged option - I voted with my wallet and bought it for the second home.
Control of thermostat is great. Love the thermostat. It is keeping our home much more comfortable than our previous one.
Almost perfect Got it for 3 months now and here is my summary so far:The thermostat works fine, the look is great, alexa works ok , is not as sensitive as my regular eco dot but its ok, i mainly use it for music only.The only issue i've seen so far , is the remote thermostat , seems that often lose connectivity to the main unit making my AC to over run, example: i set the remote to 72F (during the night to sleep) , but the AC keeps running reaching 70F and then finally the remote thermostat "wakes up" and stops cooling. also the opposite , it gets hotter reaching 75F and doesnt starts working , i need to enter the application and click around or manually turn it on so it refreshes the temperature and starts working.will try to change the battery but its being like that since the beginning , probably i got a faulty sensor? in case that doesn't works i guess will just stop using the remote sensor and leave the main unit only.
Best thermostat ever!! What a great product. Their customer support is top notch. I had a difficulty on installing it, but on a Sunday I was able to talk with a support person who helped me through it. The programming and app are seamless. All around a great product and we'll run company.
Feature packed and easy to use smart thermostat Super easy install, Alexa enabled, remote sensors, energy savings...what's not to like? I had bought a new construction house last year that is really energy efficient compared to the 10 year old house I was renting. I wanted a smart thermostat that was easy to use, easy to install, and having Alexa built in sealed the deal. Ecobee was the only one to look at for me.My purchase was from Ebay, but I am a frequent buying prime member, so I figured I'd share my opinion and review for anyone looking.
Five Stars A+++++=
Registration code doesn't work, can't setup Registration code doesn't work, can't setup. Tech support no help, this is a bust. System loses internet connection can't control. POS.
if you ever allow energy saving event from utility, it's permanent I'd really liked these I have 2. But I took my utility company up on a rebate, called an energy savings event, whereby they can turn up our AC settings remotely on hot summer days. I decided to opt out- called Southern California Edison- they said they'd stop but it's still happening. I deleted the utility app from ecobee website to try to block access. Still big brother is changing our t- stats. So I called ecobee- and they said "sorry we can't revoke access- you need to keep trying to get Edison to do it." Really? ecobee grants access but can *never* revoke access? That's a terrible flaw in my opinion.
Good thermostat I had a Honeywell Lyric Round that died on me and decided to try a different brand. This seems a lot better. The display is more responsive, hookup was smooth. The Siri and Alexa commands work well although there isn't a command to turn on only the fan. In house detect works well and I'm still figuring out the multiple room sensors.
good product -- frustrating technical support I bought two ecobees and got them working thanks to the good installation videos and guidance. After encountering problems I had a service technician in my house for two hours troubleshooting the system. He was able to trace this to a defective ecobee within an hour. Together we needed another hour to convince ecobee technical support of the issue. considering the charge rate of the technician and my own time it would have been cheaper to just buy a new unit. I wanted to provide that feedback to his manager but there is apparently no channel to do that. So take your bet that you may get better service, the product is actually good.
It's a nice unit, but they are not focused on making it great or integrating fully with smart homes. For Ecobee 3 + 4: Great thermostat, I like it better than nest, and it doesn't steal power by cycling the relays in your a/c / furnace etc like Nest does. Nest doing this caused an older relay in my father's A/C to give up the ghost after fifteen years, fusing the relay to the in position, causing it to run unless circuit breaker was switched off... and required repair to replace with new relay. Ecobee insists on having a common wire instead. Over all I find it much more intuitive with a touch screen (although they use REALLY cheap plastic that will scratch without a screen protector almost just by looking at it.. If multiple people use the screen it will scratch. Also they can't seem to get Google assistant integration fully done. I know it's particle as their app has full functionality. Yet you can turn on the fan, but you can't turn it back to off/auto. It won't report the humidity or other settings... it only offers the very very basics with the smart home devices. Very disappointing. Installation is s breeze if you get a good unit. They have some quality control problems, e.g. Unit coming scratched, some not working straight out of the box. They again could do much better. Yet overall it offers much more than the Nest. The Nest is made with better materials, and has unsurpassed customer service, but it's a bit bulky and its options are scattered throughout the user interface. Nest wants to make their product better that's obvious. They're constantly working on improvement. Ecobee however added Alexa, but no major improvements in Ecobee 4. They are riding on the past achievements and seem to put Google Home and Apple Home users in the back of the bus. Their customer service responds but many times fails to address the issues at hand. Buying through Costco is your best bet with their generous return policies and prices, although Amazon will work with you when sellers/OEMs are unreasonably.Overall I like it, if it has a screen protector, as they should use Gorilla glass or just glass for their extremely intuitive touchscreen. Their UI is well thought out. It's compatible with most systems and if your missing a common wire from your older thermostat it can be fixed with their add on kit most times. With all of these devices though, TURN OFF YOUR A/C AND FURNACE at the breakers BEFORE you start to install or modify the installation, and keep them off until you double check your work. Ecobee has a deep user community and you can find most answers to questions/issues there while Ecobee CS figures out what your asking and tries to eventually address it, even if it doesn't solve your issue. Calling them is likely your best bet when you need items they have solved already answered. With both Nest and Ecobee, most situations have already been experienced buy others.
doest fit with electrical box Got directly from ecobee thanks to FPL discount. couldn't install it on top of electrical box. cannot drill an air. wanted to give it a try, but will go with Nest instead, who thinks about customers.
Great product! Love this thing! Can control the temperature with sensors in different rooms and you don't have to remember to change the settings night and morning. Really love how this makes your home more comfortable with such ease!
Alexa on this is worthless The thermostat installed fine and works good. I bought extra sensors to put around the house. All is good. What’s not good is the fact that I wasted money on an Alexa product that I had to disable Alexa on because I can’t change the wake word. Which is beyond stupid at this point. I have the ecobee installed in the same room as my echo. Therefore whenever I want to use the echo, the thermostat responds as well co fusing the entire process. It’s easier to disable. But ecobee seems to be throwing a bunch of Alexa products into the market shutout being able to change the wake word. Which means they’re all worthless. Won’t be buying an Alexa product again whiteout doing thorough research on being able to change the wake word..
Easy installed works great Easy installed works great
My energy bills went up with the ecobee My old basic thermostats have let me set a schedule. When I manually changed the temperature it would just automatically revert to schedule at the next timed schedule change point. For example, If I’m hot and I lower the temperature to 72 (from it’s baseline 77) in the middle of the afternoon, a basic dumb thermostat will automatically revert to 78 at 10:00pm because that’s when the “overnight” temperature starts.The ecobee doesn’t do that. So if I manually change the temperature, it stays there indefinitely until I remember to change it back again. It will not resume schedule. I will not respond to occupancy. As a result there are whole weeks when I changed the temperature over the weekend so it continues to AC the house all day when I’m at work. Just because I forgot to tell it to resume schedule. It keeps all the data so I can verify that it did that.I don’t think the occupancy sensors do anything. Nothing that I’ve been able to detect from reviewing the data and comparing to when I was home or not. It just follows the schedule.The only thing I like about it is that I can turn it off remotely with an app. When I remember to do that. But of course, I have to remember to turn it on again when I get home. A hassle.
Excelente Muy buen producto
Control at your fingertips I love my ecobee4! It was very easy to install even though my old thermostat did not have the white wire. I can now control the temperature from the thermostat or from anywhere in the world with my cell phone. You can set schedules or simply let the ecobee determine if you are at home and adjust the temperature accordingly. It will switch between heating and cooling automatically and you can set the fan to run independently. With the integrated Alexa, the ecobee can also keep track of my list, turn the lights on an off, open up the garage door (with appropriate fixtures) and even start my car! I particular like the temperature range you can set to keep the temperature within that range. The external sensors that can be put in other rooms is also great and can let you reduce the temperature in an otherwise warmer room or increase the temperature when you are working in that cold side room! Great product!
External Sensor is great to save a lot in your bills I loved this product it has a lot of options, using Alexa for weather update, external sensor to control temperature in all floors and all rooms. After a lot of research I found that ecobee will save to you about 20-30% of the energy than other products..
Alexa function shouldn't be advertised Love the thermostat, but I feel like Alexa should not be advertised as a feature. You have to absolutely shout about 2 feet infront of it for it to hear you. I have to speak so loud my other Echo dots in other rooms hear and respond, meanwhile, light never comes on for alexa on the thermostat. If this was fixed 5 stars. Probably would have just bought an Ecobee 3 had I known Alexa wouldn't have worked.
ordered this by accident I am writing for my elderly mother who accidently ordered this and I just now found out and am trying to return it, if only for credit that would be great. It is unopened and all packaging still in box it came it. Any chance it can be returned?
Great Product!!! I love the Ecobee4. Alexa integration works great, but it is not setup yet so that it can control temperature changes with my voice. I'll have to figure that out.Otherwise, the unit is flawless. Easy to use, lots of features. Install was a breeze.Recommend it very highly!!
web interface and customer service - leaves much to be desired. the thermostat itself is fine. I have 3 ecobee thermostats that work as advertised for the most part. I find the interface a little difficult to navigate and set dates for vacation mode etc. also the programming is not as straight forward as it could be. Now that I'm changing my email account, which is also my log in ID, I need to completely delete my account, all the data etc and re register as a new user for all of my devices. I called customer service and they said it is for security purposes. this is a cop out. There is no reason to not be able to change the log in information and password to maintain the same level of security that they have which is just as strong as almost any other website that stores my cc info.
Smooth install, performs as advertised Didn’t buy on Amazon, was hoping for a Prime Day discount that didn’t come so bought elsewhere. That being said, this smart thermostat has been a great addition to our increasingly connected home. We do not have the “C” wire so had to use the “PEK” included in the package. At first this seemed challenging, but there are very clear instructions provided both in print (in 2018, who’d have thunk?!) and on the app, should you have the foresight to download it before installation. The thermostat itself is attractive, intuitive, and works properly. The app and community are very good at offering tips to get the most out of your thermostat. The room sensor has made a huge difference in our sleeping comfort, as the upmost level of our home has always been warmer than the reading at the main thermostat, we now can sleep through the night without waking up sweaty! The desktop site is a must visit for data nerds as it tracks a lot of the metrics of system performance. I highly recommend this to SmartThings and other smart home users.
Needs a second remote monitor Works very well. Installation was straight forward. Setup was step by step. worked out of the box. House temperature is much more stable. Love it, would buy again
Easy Installation Great product and super easy to install with excellent instructions. Also, the programming of this thermostat is extremely intuitive.
Better than any dumb thermostat and a good Nest alternative If you’re still using a dumb thermostat, you should absolutely buy an Ecobee or a Nest immediately. They function better, will save you money in the long run, and many electric companies even offer rebates or credits if you buy one. Both Ecobees and Nests are a big upgrade.Compared to the Nest, this thing is harder to install if you don’t have a C wire, but has a few more features. The room sensors help ensure your entire house is within your desired temperature range and double as HomeKit occupancy / temperature sensors. The historical reports are also a bit nicer than Nest’s. Having built-in Alexa is kinda nice, but the mic quality is nowhere near as good as the Echo devices, so you shouldn’t really expect this to be a substitute for those if you have them.
Huge ecobee fan I installed the ecobee in a previous home and have now installed the ecobee4 in my Florida condo. I can't say enough good things about this product and it's support. My install went flawlessly but had trouble getting it to identify with my router. Support was busy and call back came when they said they would call. I felt like I was the only one with a problem and talking to the CEO of the company. It was that personal. After a reset of my router everything worked beautifully.
Get the ecobee 3. The Alexa integration is not worth the extra money Overall very functional smart thermostat but lots of room for improvement, particularly with Alexa.Pros:It does a great job maintaining even temperature throughout my house using the remote sensors.The scheduling and smart home/away features are easy to use.Neutral:The support center walked me through rewiring in order to get the thing set up as the wiring in my air handler was different from any of the examples in the booklet. In all it took about 45 minutes.I’m sure the HomeKit integration is great, but I don’t have an Apple TV or HomePod so I can’t use it.Cons:Alexa needs lots of work. The microphones do not pick up my voice from 6 feet away unless I yell. My echo dot in the other room usually hears me before my ecobee. Also a very limited set of features.Aesthetics are disappointing. The pictures online make it appear as if the screen shows deep blacks and melts right into the rest of the front plate, but instead the screen is very pronounced from the rest of the front plate.
Great investment Very easy to install. user friendly! love it
One year later I installed this a year ago and it works great. It does exactly what it is supposed to and stays online unlike my other WiFi thermostat that I replaced this with. If you are considering this vs a Nest I would go with the Ecobee.
Good support on ecoobee Easy installation good Customer support by ecoobee they help to set up easy
Great for HVAC data collection We purchased ours through my utility marketplace, ComEd, for a half-price rebate. The home was already pre-wired with the additional C wire, so we were good to go. Let's run through the pros, cons, and irritations experienced over the last three months of owning the ecobee4.Pro:- Data collection: We can easily download and cross-reference utility smart meter data- Scheduling: Simple interface on multiple platforms- Utility: works with IFTTT account and schedule Peak Usage hours with ComEd's appletsCon:- Alexa: for us, just a gimmick. I annoy my wife by playing Smooth Jazz on it.- Home efficiency analysis: ComEd generates reports for our home, with real dollars at the end of each billing cycle. Ecobee's estimates are weeks behind and difficult to decipher.- Signal drops, website, and reboots: The device doesn't appear to auto scan the known wifi connections when a signal drops out, so you lose data for that time frame. When the website goes down, which seems to happen once a month in the middle of the afternoon, you lose data for that time frame. Lastly, when the device "re-calibrates" and/or reboots, you lose data. However, all the settings remain after these events occur.Irritants:- No communication with our smart meter: The work around for this are the IFTTT applets the utility provides, but this hops the internet to communicate with the device. The smart meter is just 15 feet from away and it knows the hourly rate. Zigbee certify this thing.- Outside weather: While you can change the location of the weather data you receive, it's base on local airports and not what's outside your front door. An outdoor weather sensor would be a nice feature.- Default settings: The Ghost in the Machine! I had to disable Smart Home/Away and Follow Me, too spooky. The heat would come on in the middle of a summer afternoon. Alexa gets mad and turns the communication light red when you disable her...and it doesn't shut off!Final thoughts:You communicate with the device in two ways: the thermostat's panel interface and the cloud. The panel is much like a small screen smart phone, with all the program settings necessary to get it up and running. The cloud has this and all the data and programming necessary to run specialty settings, like Peak Usage and high hourly rates. The problem with the cloud is the several hops the information must take in order to fulfill its task. If one of those hops is missing, like the ecobee or IFTTT website is down, or the device failed to re-establish wifi, then data and/or special setting is lost.
Customer service is 5 star Awesome product easy install 10minHad a blemish on face and factory replaced no problems
Great Thermostat. Lousy Alexa. The Ecobee4 has been thoroughly reviewed, so I'm not going to go into all the great features of this thermostat. I like it and would buy again, and will likely get an Ecobee3 Lite for another zone in my house. I did have the occasion to call their customer service, and got right through and the matter was handled fairly well. Now, the things that are annoying:1) If you already have Alexa devices, you'll be disappointed in this one. I can be five feet away from the Ecobee4 talking directly at it and two other Alexas in other parts of the house will hear me before this thing will. You really do have to stand fairly close and speak very clearly for it to work.2) Issue #1 is compounded by the problem that you cannot change the wake word! I want to do this so that I can talk specifically to this device without devices in other parts of the house answering, but you can't. Sure, I could change the wake word on every other device but I don't want to.3) Installation is fairly easy in a way, but gets confusing because there are three different sources of information while you proceed with the install - there is the instruction booklet, and there are instructions in the app, and then the thermostat itself provides guidance. I found myself going back and forth a lot. And some things would be better disassociated with the actual thermostat install. That is, let me create my Ecobee account on the web before the install. And let me deal with linking with Alexa, etc. after the install and not do that from the thermostat itself.4) During the install, it asked me if I have a furnace or a boiler. You have to choose one or the other. It's a heat pump, so neither of those apply (hint: select furnace if you have a heat pump).5) You can have any color you want, as long as it is black.
Works well We went from a very basic thermostat to the smart so it was definitely a learning curve however we have figured it out. I like all the different features on it. If you are trying to use the Alexa features I have noticed that whenever the air conditioner is turned on it has a hard time hearing you but overall no big issues with this device.
Five Stars it works great
LOVE my new Ecobee4! Moved into our new house and installing Ecobee4 was my first project. I'm by no means an expert when it comes to this type of stuff, and with Ecobee4 it was simple and easy! Installation went extremely smooth and we were up and running in less than an hour. Love all of the features and being able to set comfort settings by hour. The app works amazing, too. Would highly recommend.
Cool features, really like controlling this on the go! Not much to say about this, it works! I like the Alexa feature too. I can add things to my girlfriend's shopping list and she gets them! I would give it a 5 star rating but its kinds of a pain to install on an older house. We got it working though! I Would recommend this to anyone using an older thermosate that doesn't have a Google Home or Amazon Alexa.
Regret This is a purchase I regret every single day, because it is a constant annoyance. You can stand right next to it, try to communicate a request, and it will not register or respond. Only in the middle of an ordinary household conversation will it suddenly assume you’ve requested it to play a random song. Seriously, out of the blue. We tried turning on “do not disturb” times to stretch out all day. That was useless. Is that feature even remotely functional? Simple solution is to turn off the mic, right? Well, get used to a big bright red light that won’t go away until you relent. We are scrapping this as a total loss and upgrading to its smaller and smarter competitor this coming Christmas.
My experience with Ecobee after 7 months I would not buy this product again although I’m not completely unhappy with my purchase of the Ecobee (since I got a good deal on it around the holidays). I was drawn in due to the thermostat-Alexa combo. But it lacks many features a stand alone Alexa device has (I can’t listen to my Spotify or Sirius account on it like I can through my other devices). Also the microphone will randomly turn on if it thinks it hears anything close to ‘Alexa’ and the microphone cannot hear you if there is a lot of background noise. I’m sure my neighbors heard me yelling “ALEXA!” many times before the device did. I have a split level house with an open concept living room/kitchen and you can hear the speakers fairly well around the house. I do like that you can control the thermostat through the ecobee app from an Alexa device in a different room. This thermostat just doesn’t seem as user friendly as I heard the Nest is. (I was actually told by an HVAC service guy that their company stopped servicing Ecobee and recommend Nest. I do have to say that the Ecobee customer service seems very responsive and willing to help if there are issues. The service guy was on the phone with them for about an hour because the thermostat was showing strange electrical issues that turned out to be a wiring problem in the wall. With that said, I would not recommend hooking it up yourself unless you have some experience and know how to troubleshoot if things don’t go smoothly.) If you like technology and diving into the settings functions to set up features like geotracking or motion tracking that work for your lifestyle, then this may be a thermostat to consider to help you save money on heating/cooling costs. I am hoping that future software upgrades will improve the Ecobee
Good, has room for growth This was really easy set up. Took maybe 15 min. It works great. Responds perfectly. Sound quality isn't the best. It could be used as some background music or something.While it has Alexa, you cannot "drop in". So if you like the "drop in" feature, I'd buy the one that's not Alexa enabled, and then purchase whichever Echo you like better.
Incredible thermostat I waited years to get a smart thermostat. While I've only owned the thermostat for a week, I cant say enough good things about it. It's also worth noting that support is amazing, you actually get a live person in a few minutes, day or night. From a geeky perspective, you have more access to data than you would know what do with. It's awesome. The interface is intuitive enough for your average end user. It also offers many advanced features for the power user as well. The fact that a remote temperature sensor is included is a big +.
Every thing I love it
Five Stars great
Great addition to a new HVAC Ordered this when I had to replace my HVAC about 6 weeks ago. The smart features are nice additions and everything has worked great. I find the weather forecast to run high but I don’t use that feature to help the system run itself. Very handy to have the vacation mode set when we leave and turn on again the morning we return.
Audio actions & routines are not supported on this device .... Purchased based on the good reviews from CNet. Thus far I’m not overly impressed. This thing is very poorly integrated with Alexa. When asking Alexa to control the device, you must be EXTREMELY specific. Out of frustration I went to The Ecobee Skill only to discover I had to ask Alexa to ask Ecobee to perform some action. And even after that, if I don’t phrase it as specifically as they have it listed in the “skill” description, it doesn’t work.Secondly, this device is labeled as having Alexa built in but 1/2 the time it refuses to control any of my other devices. Constantly gives me an error message when I tell it to turn on the lights ... nope it can’t do that! Yet I tell my Echo the EXACT same thing and it functions beautifully. Specifically it states “audio actions & routines are not supported on this device”. If it can’t support those functions, why even have Alexa on it?!Microphone is way to sensitive. Keeps overriding my Echo in the living room. As the two devices are so close to each other, I tried turning off the microphone, the light on the device becomes a very annoying constant RED.
keep shoping Does not work as Advertised
Not a Ecobee 4, I received a Ecobee 3 NOT a 4. I installed it and works great, but thought I ordered a Alexi enabled unit, checked my order and box, they did not match!!
Not as amazing as I'd hoped Not as amazing as I'd hoped. Yes, it's a smart thermometer that you can control remotely. I wish the ecobee analytics told you better information and how to be more energy efficient.
Best customer service experience I’ve had my thermostat for a while, and I love it. I’ll admit to having an issue when I installed mine. It kept rebooting, so I gave ecobee a call. A few pictures in, they identified which wire wasn’t full inserted. I fully inserted the wire, replaced the thermostat, and crossed my fingers. It worked!The customer service team deserves a pat on the back. They stayed on the phone with me until the thermostat worked.Once I got the thermostat working, I set the temperature range for it, and left it alone. I use the Alexa feature more than I thought I would, and for the simplest things, like finding my phone.
Great product! WiFi reach limitation I absolutely love this product! Would recommend over all other competition. Bought this as my third and WiFi range has been a challenge. Going to buy WiFi extender to make up for difference.
Very Smart Thermostat I needed to buy a thermostat because we added a fireplace to our living room. I didn't want the heat from the fireplace to turn the thermostat off and make the rest of the house cold. Using the sensor that comes with, this was a great solution. I first bought this product after returning the Nest because customer service would not help with the wiring of the thermostat. I am very glad I did. Customer service made wiring the thermostat effortless, unlike the competitor. Thermostat and 1 sensor installed for 2 weeks now, very happy.
Good product Seems to work well. I am just getting to know my new thermostat and how it works. So far so good. Installed by professionals at the time my new HVAC system was installed.
Support Sucks I purchased our Ecobee 4 May 14, 2017 and have been running the solution with some interesting experiences. First, many of the reports aligned to the product never update. Things like comparing the efficiency of your home to your peers almost never updates and indicates that your report is in progress but it never updates. We then began to experience issues with the thermostat reseting to a different temperature randomly. Finally about two weeks ago, the system died. I called Ecobee support and they diagnosed the thermostat has failed and approved a replacement. That was 9 days ago. I still don't have a replacement, and they have yet to provide me tracking. I think the thermostat works ok. The Alexa integration is gimike; however, if this is the type of support that you receive when something goes wrong, I would go with Nest.
Bad customer support I have used two of an earlier Ecobee smart themostat for 4+ years. I think new customers deserve to know how bad Ecobee is treating their customers. Check their BBB rating and you will see they have a rating of F. Go to BBB website and use zip code M5J 1A7 as their location (Canada).They purged my data (the historical usage data logged in their server) after 15 months without any prior warnings. They said it's been their policy but I have been a customer before the policy change. No responsibility offered. No apologies given. This is not a product where you cannot cut the tie after you buy or after the warranty is expired. You totally depend of the company website to monitor and configure the device. You depend on them to keep and safeguard your data in their cloud. If they don't do a good job, you are doomed. Please research carefully.
Works as advertised Very happy easy to install solved problem of having to set ac in hallway to 80 get comfortable temp in bedroom. The “Alexa ask ecobee to set temp” is a glitch I hope gets fixed soon. Costumer/support was great thanks. I picked a damaged/as is for discount but no problems encountered
Does NOT work with SONOS! Figured it would control my sonos system w/ Alexa built in, i was wrong. Wrote EcoBee support and they dont have a plan to make it happen. Also sensors are basically useless. Good UI and app other than those two major cons.
Definitely sticking with Ecobee Awesome thermostat that’s easy to use. Alexa is a cool addition as well
Five Stars Fun
Great Thermostat Great thermostat and I like the remote room sensor. I like using the app to control the house temperature. Having Alexa built in is a plus.
Old to New! I have 2005 Trane air handler and heat pump that I wanted to upgrade. I knew my system maybe to old for new add-on, but I took pictures and drew up a schematic for Ecobee support team. I did expect to wait a day or two, but an hour later I had my answer. I connected the wires as per support suggested, and got the beautiful little bee. Very happy!
Worst Customer Service EVER Back in April, I had solar panels installed on my house and with the installation, two Ecobee thermostats were installed. I have one large unit that has two thermostats-one for each level of my house. There is something wrong with the one upstairs. It cools way below the set temperature. Customer support at Ecobee has basically called me a LIAR and said the problem lies with my HVAC system. I don't understand how that is possible with one system and two thermostats. The one on the lower level works fine. Never cools below the set temperature. DON'T waste your money. I have had my upstairs thermostat set on 84 degrees on the cool setting and the temperature has gone as low as 75. I had to cut it off to get it to stop running the AC. Needless to say, my energy costs have gone up due to the fact that it won't react to it's settings. NOT HAPPY AT ALL.
Easy to install Very easy to install. I wished it had a better speaker as we play lullabies to the kids as it’s in the hallway outside their rooms.
Five Stars Love being able to control the temperature in my home from anywhere!
Alexa integration doesn't work for the last month. Integration was previously working, but clunky. For the last month the Ecobee Skill has been broken and Ecobee no longer works with Alexa. Beware before buying. Reviews are piling up on the Alexa Skill echoing this.Even if they get it working again integration is clunky. For instance you can't just say "Alexa lower the temperature 3 degrees" you have to say "Alexa ask Ecobee to lower the temperature 3 degrees" it's just unnecessary.
We love it The thermostat itself is great, and the Alexa is just icing on the cake. Well worth it!
Easy to Setup, Easy to Integrate I had a few homes running on Ecobee SMART thermostats. I chose those based on the "break-out" equipment boards with solid state relays. As time moved forward, these styles of boards did not integrate very well with the latest smart home initiatives - although they worked fine. In my current house, I decided to go with ecobee yet again, only upgrade to their latest product.Why ecobee and not Nest or Iris or "insert newcomer here"...Primarily, I am looking for something platform independent. Almost another branded thermostat owes its life to a big name brand - like Google, Apple, Amazon, etc...As you begin to expand your platform or as these larger companies buy up the competitors. You may find your smart home configuration no longer works. (Just ask owners of SmartThings and Blink when Amazon came along).So, true, Alexa is a selling point and that is Amazon, but ecobee also integrates with many other platforms - you don't have to use Alexa if you don't want. This is key for me.One top of that, ecobee has been in the Smart Stat space for a VERY long time - much longer than Nest. They have worked through many of the challenges and have perfected the installation and operation of their thermostats.Installation is well documented and easily performed - with wiring display in the stat itself as well as a test mode to validate your install.Sure, the advanced options can be intimidating, but they are easy to configure and give you greater flexibility for your equipment, location, and control needs.My ecobee(s) are rock solid and, aside from an occasional wifi loss (which only required a reconnect - which never impacted the A/C operation) they are an excellent product.
I am very impressed so far. I have 2 of these units and I like the ease of setup and of control. We have these at a home that we are working on and found that we can control them remotely through Alexa at the home that we are living in and locally in the home that we are working on. The programming is pretty much a no-brainer. It was between this and the Nest. Both seemed to be good but the Gen 4 seemed to have the edge and I am not dissapointed.
Excellent tech service gets you through installation hiccups Had some trouble with the AC system not blowing cool air after installation, but called and got excellent assistance from the ecobee support team!
Great addition to smart home Minus one star for not having a temporary mode, which I have had on previous (non-smart) thermostats. If you want to lower the temperature for only a specific period of time, you have to lower and then raise it later. Otherwise, great product with good instructions and seems to be reliable.
Very cool device With great instructions for set up. Very impressed.
Surprisingly easy to install The app guides you through installation. No need to hire a professional.
Awesome! This product is awesome. Much better than the nest as it plays music, has Alexa and is very easy to install on your own. If you have an older furnace you may have to install an adapter to your furnace but it’s easy. The hardest part was putting my furnace cover back on.
Buy the Nest thermostat instead. This thermostat never stays connected to WiFi. It looses wifi connectivity every couple of days. Tried all workaround but no dice. Ecobee support refuses to admit there's a problem.Type 'Reddit ecobee loses WiFi' if you want to see a bunch of pissed off customers complaining about blowing their money on a smart thermostat that they physically have to go to and activate WiFi every time they want to interact with it.
We reviewed a good bit of thermostats and we opted for this one We reviewed a good bit of thermostats and we opted for this one. Couldn't be more pleased :)Love the fact that it has the sensor so that it keeps the whole house where it should be.
Not impressive Tried giving instructions via Alexa and never was able toFully connect them even when unit wasConnected to wifi.
Great Sales Pitch, Poor Follow-Through The ecobee4 is pitched as a great smart thermostat that is easy to install and use. Their sales pitch is great, but in actual practice I’ve found that they hardware itself falls short.I bought this right as it came out and chose an Ecobee over a nest for two main reasons: 1) Ecobee has room sensors to help keep the rooms we’re actually using comfortable rather than just where the unit is; 2) it has built in Alexa and a speaker.Since I’ve had it I’ve experienced 3 major issues.First, the instillation is not simple. I installed it as directed and everything looked great, except in the winter the AC kept turning on even though the Ecobee claimed it wasn’t running. Turns out their instructions were not correct. It probably cost me a couple hundred in AC and gas bills as the two systems fought each other over the winter before I figured it out in the spring when I was actually outside next to the AC unit and heard it go off when it the Ecobee claimed no equipment was running. Got an HVAC guy to fix it without a problem and said that the Ecobee instructions are nearly always wrong. Since then the equipment is all running correctlySecond, with over a year of promises to update it, the only word you can use to activate Alexa is “Alexa”. To some this may seem stupid to complain about, but I have a child with a very similar name that causes the Ecobee to trigger constantly. I knew this was a potential issue since multiple reviews prior to the device coming out claimed that this was a drawback since other devices (echo for example) were able to have the wake word changed. However, Ecobee’s company reps contacted the reviewers promising this was one of the first updates that would be made and it was in the works. The reviewers all revised their reviews based on this. We’ve already seen the first update and no fix, and scouring the internet shows that it is now not a priority and I would not be surprised if it takes years to actually happen. You also can’t use all the functionality of every app through ecobee’s version of Alexa. The Alexa in the Ecobee4 is without a doubt a lower quality.Third, the speaker quality is pretty crappy. Now, I know this is a thermostat and not a speaker system but I expect the sound quality to be decent even if it doesn’t allow it to get particularly loud. I can’t even let it play a song at half volume without it getting a good deal of distortion. It just feels like they cheaped out there.Overall I’m still happy with the Ecobee4. However, now that Nest has room sensors I don’t think that the Ecobee has an advantage. Down a star for charging me more for an Alexa device that isn’t what it claims and the related “creative marketing” since it’s probably not false advertising. Down another ½ star for low quality speaker. Finally, down ½ star for deceptive/incorrect installation instructions. 3 stars and I would not currently recommend to a friend instead I’d have them get a Nest and an Echo. If they fix Alexa and their installation instructions I'd give it 4/4.5 stars and recommend it as a cheaper alternative to Nest.
Great product Purchased two of these to replace my outdated thermostats. Love that the ecobee is able to automate my humidifiers as well
Lots of tech, but sensors are of limited use I purchased my ecobee through a local store in case I needed a quick exchange or return. I’d reached out to ecobee ahead of time and their tech support did not give me confidence that the ecobee would support all of the functions of my 2 stage carrier heat pump. Tech support said it would, but when I asked specific questions, or questioned an answer they provided, the next person to respond would ignore it, or blow it off, or otherwise leave it unsolved. As it turns out, I was right- not all of the features of my heat pump are supported, namely the dehumidify feature; I think I’ve got the rest working.We needed a replacement tstat because the original was giving false readings and short cycling as a result. We chose the ecobee over the nest because of greater settings control with the ‘bee and complaints in reviews and from a friend that the nest tries so hard to save energy that it’s rather poor at job #1, maintaining a set temperature.Following the instructions, installation was fine. Everything was explained except for dehumidifier wiring, which, again, is integral to my heat pump- it commands the compressor to run with a lower fan speed to dry the air. With my system set up properly, it doesn’t need it here so I can accept the loss of this function. Ecobee also states this will not support a variable speed system; mine works but I believe it’s because the control board is setting fan speed based on the compressor commands, not the fan (green wire) command. (Thank you carrier, that was good planning).Where the ecobee excels is customization. I can set up simple, or complex schedules based on our habits here. The website has a really good interface for building schedules, and the tstat menu is as good as it can be for such a small space. The menus are well thought out. As a stand alone unit, it works well.What we really wanted, however was use of the sensors to address certain problem areas at specific times of day. Our house really should have multiple systems but instead relies on a big single heat pump. Simply put, the sensors are slow to react to changes in temperature and then only poll ever so often. So, if the house was in away mode, and then cranks the AC when we get home, it would be 3 or more degrees too cold because the sensors are still cooling down while the rest of the air is good and fine. Another shortcoming I discovered is, if you’ve put a sensor in a room that doesn’t cool well, asking the system to cool it isn’t much help, because the room doesn’t cool well to begin with. So, for the room to cool down, the rest of the house is way too cold. While this isn’t ecobee fault, it does show that ecobee can’t fix it, but we all expect that it will because that’s what they say it will.Ecobee has a huge opportunity with the sensors that they do not use, however, and that would be to trigger the circulation fan to “on” from “auto” when big temperature differences were detected between sensors. Say one room is 73 and the other is 67. You don’t want to run the compressor, as that 67 room is already too cold, but you could run the fan to redistribute the air to even it out. This is the main reason even $20 stats have auto/on; how this escaped them idk. That said, I bought, and returned, the optional sensors because I don’t see the payoff. They can’t correct a deficiency in the house, they instead basically overcompensate, by swinging the internal temps wide based on which sensor has priority. Example, we tried one in the kitchen. Fire up the oven, and the kitchen will still stay warm, and now the living room is unbearably cold. Yet, put a cheap fan on the table and the temps remain even as the AC kicks in. Again, not ecobees fault, but also, not something ecobee can fix with remote sensors either.I’m keeping the primary ‘bee. It works with the carrier unit and is doing a great job at maintaining temps. The programmability is excellent, and it doesn’t have physical buttons to wear out or a board behind it to fatigue. It seems to use solid state switching instead of relays, which also wear out; it’s a good thermostat. However, with the disappointment of the sensor implementation I can’t give it a great rating.
Just doesn't work as advertised I had Nest. Wanted a homekit enabled product, and this one sounded cool. Unfortunately, however, none of the features appear to work properly. I suppose it's possible mine is simply defective, but it's hardly more useful than a brick and significantly less effective than a traditional electric thermostat. The home/away feature does not work at all, the room detection features are spotty at best, it has some smart assist feature designed to adjust the temperature preemptively, but it doesn't work and instead way overshoots your desired temperature. Nest was simple and intuitive and just worked--this thing has been a nightmare from day one. I want my money back.
ecobee 3 We have not been able to turn off, or up or down with this thing, just about the only thing it can say is "I don't know how to do that". It comes with no instruction as to how to use it and just an expensive question/answer thing. Does anyone have real instructions as how to make it turn on, off or up or down? Ours doesn't recognize any household requests!
ecobee4 is a great product and alexa is icing on the cake i installed this myself and i had no prior experience. the instructions and videos really are great and walk you through it step by step. this is such an awesome thermostat and i love that alexa is integrated and i can tell her to turn on my a/c when it's hot. everyone who visits my new home comments on the thermostat how cool it is when i show it to them.
Five Stars I love being able to adjust the thermostat remotely using my smartphone. The room sensors are also great.
Never again!!! My qualifications for this review is that I have had the ecobee 2, and 4, and several generations of the Echo and Dots, as well as much experience with smart switches. With that said... I believe what ecobee does well is to remotely monitor several thermostats, however what they fail at is incorporating the Amazon Echo into their unit. I'll have to ask Alexa to turn off a set of lights 2 or 3 times before it responds. Many times it just sits there, then quits. Whats really frustrating is asking Alexa to turn off a set of lights, for night time, only to have all of my light turned on. I then would need to walk around and turn off whatever lights the ecobee decided to turn on. It would be easier in the beginning to say "Alexa, I'm getting up to turn off my lights". Another frustration is having to ask Alexa to ask ecobee to change the temperature. What can I not say "Alexa, temperature 70º"? This review is only for this specific model of ecobee4. My Echo, and multiple Echo Dots work nearly flawlessly. I would not purchase this item again, and am really considering switching thermostats.
It's a great thermostat, BUT It's a great thermostat, BUT, the "schedule" feature is very hard to manipulate and get it to accept the new settings. I've tried it via the app, the website and on the thermostat itself. I would think this would be an easy fix for ecobee.
Wow! Wow! This item is a bit expensive but is very functional.. it has Alexa installed, which is fun and useful. I can check the temperature from a remote location and adjust the temperature. It installed easily but does take a few minutes to hook up to the internet. I have a brand new router type and that may have been the reason. Lovemit!
It's not the best, not the worst. I miss the nest. The ecobee4 is not so smart, it sees the cat and thinks we are home, the Alexa feture is hard of hearing unless your not talking to it, it seems to just not be very refined. Not the worst thing ever but...
Difficult to install I want to return this thing. I bought it for my parents for Christmas and went to install it in the Winter. I am not an electrician and found that I needed to open up the HVAC system to do the wiring. I was concerned that I would do something wrong and make them lose heat so decided I would wait for summer to install it. Looked at it again and couldn't figure it out with any confidence that I wouldn't screw up their HVAC system. I will need to hire an electrician just to hook it up.I want to return this thing. Please give me my money back.
YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THIS! We will be purchasing our 3rd Ecobee soon... We have one at our house, got one for my parents house, and are now purchasing one for our family's vacation house. YOU CANNOT GO WRONG with this! It is awesome, and really puts you at ease for regulating the temperatures in your house when you are gone.This past winter we came back to my parent's house where the thermostat read 26 degrees.... Twenty.Six. Toilets were frozen. You saw your breath while inside. You were bundled up. Obviously their furnace had gone out while on vacation, but it could have been saved if they had an Ecobee installed (hence why we purchased one for them).Super easy to install, navigate, and work with. It puts me at ease. You should definitely get it!
Four Stars useful but complicated to use and adjust
Nice thermostat that gives you a lot of control Great thermostat with lots of options that work well. My chief gripe is with the app. Sometimes when I fire it up, the screen stays black for a long time. So I just leave it open much of the time. I like being able to set the vacation timer in advance of leaving, and I also like the 'Smart Away' geofence capabilities. I feel like I will stay more comfortable and save money with this thermostat.All in all, a great thermostat, app could be better, and hopefully will be in a future release.
What you need to know before you buy I have been an avid Ecobee customer since they came out and have put them in 3 homes. I just upgraded 4 thermostats in my current home to Ecobee 4's. The thermostat is fine with some caveats. The change in the way they support, or no longer support, their customers is not.THE GOODTheir desktop monitoring is as good as ever. The phone app the 4 uses is a bit complex. If you have more than one house, you can group them so they both appear on the same app. However the app for the Ecobee3 is different, so I'm not sure if those work as well with the Ecobee 4 app. If I stay with Ecobee I may try to set up two different accounts and use the different apps.The Sensors are a super idea. They don't always work correctly, and can say there is no one in the room when you are sleeping, but most of the time they work very well. It comes with one and you have the option to install 2nd with each thermostat.The idea of an Alexa tie-in is great. Call out to it and you can change the temperature in the middle of the night without getting up. However the sound quality is tinny - nowhere as good as from a Dot, and it seems to start by itself some times. I'll be sitting watching TV and see the light on the Ecobee come on telling me it wants to communicate. If you put it in a room where you have an Amazon Echo, with its great sound quality, then the Ecobee answers at the same time the Echo.Both an Energy Auditor and a HVAC contractor told me they like the Ecobee and Building 36 the best of the wi-fi enabled thermostats. The HVAC guy told me they have a lot of problems with NEST but love the Ecobee. They also love the Honeywell.THE NOT SO GOOD:We have been unable to get one of the Ecobee 4's to work. It seems to conflict with another Ecobee 4. If I get #1 working, #2 stops working and vice versa. No on has been able to resolve it so far.The two reasons I gave the system I used to love 3 stars:1. My AC died, so I have to upgrade my HVAC system (if a can ever find a contractor who is not booked 3 months out). A number of the new systems requireyou use their own wi-fi thermostat. So I may end up having to toss the Ecobee 4's. I've read up on it extensively and on some new AC systems, you can use the Ecobee 4 but it reduces the functionality of the system. So if you think a new HVAC system is in your future, chose the system before the Ecobee 4 and be sure it is compatible.2. When my AC went out the first thing I did was to contact Ecobee. Having just invested in four Ecobee 4's I wanted to be sure the new system would work with them. So I wanted the name of local contractors who were trained in the Ecobee. They would know which systems were fully compatible with the Ecobee 4. I clicked on the "Find a Pro" at Ecobee's website and was surprised to not see a list of contractors for my zip code, as you do at most HVAC sites. Instead I had to fill out a form and wait for someone to contact me. I was sure I would hear right back since over the years the customer service from this Canadian company had been superior. When I had not heard back five stiflingly hot days later, I called and got a hard to understand woman with a very heavy Indian accent, indicating that they were outsourcing and I might not get the level of support Ecobee used to provide. She told me that the list of local contractors were handled by a separate unit that was in another time zone and were closed. Since I called at noon eastern time, I gathered it was probably also outsourced to India. She said she could not help me, but I should hear in several days. when I pressed her, she said they were not allowed to give out that information. Considering the hot weather and lack of response, I was not a happy camper. Two days later who should call me but HOME ADVISORS!!! Ecobee has outsourced to them!!!. Home Advisorscharges its contractors as much as $50 for a lead. Beside the cost, which would of course be passed along to me, I live in an area where there is a real shortage of contractors. You are lucky if one returns your call, and really lucky if one actually turns up. They are all overbooked and overworked. I wanted to get a new system ASAP and have the option to contact them myself IMMEDIATELY. By teaming up with Home Advisors, Ecobee was taking that option away from me. I might also be contacted by some of the worthless contractors I have learned not to do business with, or ones I knew would never show up when they said they would. I am happy for Ecobee that they have so much business that they find it no longer viable to support their customers, but very disappointed they took this approach.I will post an update once I get my new HVAC installed advising if the Ecobee 4's will work with it or if I have to try to resell them. But Ecobee as a company has lost its glow for me.
Home is uniformly more comfortable. The second sensor knows when I leave one area and enter another. The least was difficulty hooking it up, but my A/C was not color coded correctly so I didn't deduct. Best would be voice control, iPhone control and the speakers are better then my Echo's.
Exceptional Great product. Solved a big problem I had at my house.
Love it I love this thing easy set up and it is working great.I also bought room sensors and they balanced the system very well.Now the upstairs is the same temperature as downstairs.Just waiting on the power bill to see if I saved anything on that or not?
Bad product quality and Bad product support, not recommended. I have bought and installed this product 6 month ago to replace my old thermostat, it stop working within 6 month after installation.After spend two hours with technical support, the support came to the conclusion that something wrong with my HAVC, suggested that I call a technician, which I did, the HAVC technician come in , put my old thermostat back, everything works fine. even with this, the support agent still argue that sth wrong with my HAVC, refuse to replace the broken product.Both the product quality and support sucks. Stay away from it.not recommend this product, bad quality.I will stay away from buying any products from ecobee.
Installation was made very easy by self-help tutorials We bought this a few months ago. Installation was made very easy by self-help tutorials. Excellent product. Works great.
Works really well Works really well. The smart features are neat, and it always seems to have my house at the right temperature. I like that you can control the fan auto/on settings in the schedule. The extra sensor is more of a gimmick but it is nice to see temperatures in other rooms.
Highly recommending it Using Ecobee4 for almost a year, super happy with its functionality, performance and its built in Alexa capability. Pair it with its room sensor(s) to see the true value of this product.
I have been looking at smart thermostats for a while and decided on the Ecobee4 I have been looking at smart thermostats for a while and decided on the Ecobee4. Love the looks and the ease of installation. Didn't have a C wire but I had looked at several you tube videos and it looked pretty straight forward. Love the fact that the thermostat has Alexa built in but as you can see from other reviews it doesn't have a very far range for hearing your commands. Wired the PEK with no problem and it has operated flawlessly. I removed a star due to the range of the built in Alexa. Make sure you take pictures of the wiring before you start since one of the wires to the HVAC fell out when I was wiring the PEK.
Not so smart I set my comfort settings but the house is rarely at the correct temperature. It is too cold most of the day....constantly running the AC even though it is 4 degrees below the set temp. Wish I didn’t waste the money on this. I have to manually put it on hold during the day and cancel the hold at night. It is dumber than the 20 year old digital thermostat that came with the house. What a disappointment.
Great Product Wonderful product. It looks sleek, is very user friendly, and has saved me tons of time and money. I love how this product came with sensors because one of my rooms in the house always seems a bit off and needed special attention. I use the Alexa feature more times than not. It doesn't "Learn" like a nest does but it helps because If i am not home i can adjust it while away and set schedules. It also looks very aesthetically appealing in my home. You can set when the screen should timeout and when it does, you just wave in front of the screen or touch it to turn it back on. Cant be more happy with this!
however disappointed with Alexa functionality Works really well, however disappointed with Alexa functionality, I have it disabled... works well with Google Home
Great thermostat! Love it. Great features better than my honeywell products. And so cool having Alexa in the hall
So much better than my old Nest While not perfect it’s a much, much better thermostat than my Nest which I had for 7 years and hated because of the wild temperatures swings. The Ecobee keeps the temperature within 1 degree of the set point, and having room sensors means it’s perfect wherever I am. The Alexa functionality it mostly a useless gimmick that I could do without, but the thermostat itself is great.
Best of Breed Multi-Room Motion Stat! Hands Down the Best Multi-Room Motion Activated Smart Thermostat!We have erratic schedules so either the main stat or remote room (TV room) motion will automatically adjust the temperature for the Home Mode. After 2 Hours it pops to Away Mode temperature setting (can be manually set to away mode anytime). The unit itself is well designed and the screens are not complex after you get aquanted (takes a few days or a week). The literature is weak yet the 800 customer support I used was outstanding. They don't make you wait on hold, you touch tone your number and they call you back. I would have given 5 stars, but there were two negatives: The chat feature if you log in was a negative experience - the dummy said I could not do a motion only setting - which the 800 tech person knew that was false as well. The real reason for the 4 not 5 star rating is the mounting. Nest started this round (mis-shaped) marketing war and ecobee followed. Virtually all standard stats are candy bar retangle shaped - and although the back plate ecobee has with the kit will cover up the old holes, they failed to think about mounting on a non-drywall common electrical plaster mud ring (common in new construction for the last 25 years in North America). These are used so the drywallers don't box in the thermostat cable.by accident. The only mounts are plastic anchors for drywall or hard plaster. The ecobee has only two exact places for mounting screws. One must penetrate the metal cover just above the mud lip (so you have to drill the metal) but there is nothing to screw the delecate white screews into. The second screw is inside the retangular holed of the mud ring. Ecobee fails to provide plastic wings pelredrilled to be used for mounting on to these mud rings. That fantastic customer service guy at the 800 number did accept to forward my drawing of wings they should provide, so I drafted it and emailed it back. Perhaps it will be a 5 star one day. For now, mounting it on a common single gang electrical mud ring takes fabricating wing parts yourself. I am very intuitive and handy yet this was a bit of a PITA. People could fabricate mounting wings from wood, metal or something like 3/16 or 1/4" PVC.
Work great with my digital home. These are great. Better than the nest I use to have and work flawless with Alexa and smart things.
STOP CALIBRATING! I NEED AC! Now clicking?  After spending what seemed like forever installing this it now has sat for another eternity saying "Calibrating, Heating/Cooling Disabled"! What idiots thought "The customer just had their AC disconnected for the past hour, why don't we make them wait another 20+ minutes before their AC turns on?" Any individual of average intelligence would have instead say "The customer has not had AC for an hour, maybe their new thermostat should cool off the house for a few minutes and then calibrate." Poor decisions like this make me seriously question how good a product can this really be. UPDATE: Now it's gone dark and is clicking. I uploaded a video, it's just clicking at me.
Love it! Easy install. Wish I would’ve had one sooner! No more forgetting to shut off the AC when I’m leaving my home!
Well worth the money Great Smart Thermostat, and it works perfectly as advertised!
I first thought my control board is no good so I bought a new one I got a ecobee4 from my solar energy supplier and it doesn't work: every time it calls for AC/Heat/Fan the unit just reset itself.I first thought my control board is no good so I bought a new one. When that doesn't work either I contacted the customer support by opening up a case that resulted in an email.I'm technically inclined and can tell this is most likely a hardware problem and I'd expect them to swap out a unit pretty early in this conversation.But with patience I went back and forth with the tech support through email. Per their instruction I have used multi-meter to verify the voltage, took photos for wiring, connect and disconnect wirings and report findings. Its been 10 days and 4 emails from them since the case opened. They are slow to respond and obviously not in a hurry to solve my problem.UPDATE:Hey what do you know! I got another email from support and asked me to test out the C line and this time they nailed it. It was indeed a faulty C line. So up the stars to 3 for the product quality and passable tech support. I'd give them 5 star should they find it in the first few days instead of day 10.
I KNOW I’m saving $$$ MONEY $$$ Phenomenal! The features are easy toControl and learn and I already know I’ll be saving money. I love the Smart Away feature. This feature is great. Set my thermostat to 72. After it recognizes I’m not home it bumps my air to 76 because it knows my AC takes 30 mins to cool back to the desired temperature when I’m home. I used to leave it set to 72 all day. Now with my geo fence setup... 20 mins away and by the time I’m home it’s a cool 72 degrees once again.UPDATE: Just got my first electric bill since installing my Ecobee 4. Last month was our hottest month in Texas. 16 days above 100 degrees. I was overjoyed to find that my bill dropped $52 last month. Dropping in the hottest month??? I’m a believer!!!
New product but received like used with scratches Brought new. Received both a thermostat and sensor with scratches. So frustrating
The Alexa implementation is horrible on this device Save your money and get an ecobee3. The Alexa implementation is horrible on this device. It randomly wakes up waiting for a command and sometimes just goes and carries out actions on it's own. It is in the same room that we watch TV but without anyone saying Alexa, it just wakes up. Support has been no help at all. I seriously regret purchasing this rather than a Nest.
Just get a Nest!! I bought this for Father's Day 2018. We live in the SE USA and have an approximately 2500 sq ft house with dual zone heat pumps.I was intrigued with ecobee's room monitoring. The back of our home has big floor to ceiling windows on three walls, and it's the room we primarily use. We rarely use the living room, and we're in the bedroom at night. And I like Alexa. Although I didn't think the integration would be that useful, I thought Amazon gave the product some legitimacy.We installed the thermostat, and it made that half of the house so cold. You're supposed to give some time for the thing to acclimate. We tried that. No help. We put out an extra two senors.Contacted customer service. They were immediately responsive. We've been going back and forth with sending photos of the wiring, pictures of the thermostat with an old fashion thermometer next to it. We've followed all their suggestions. Customer service has been increasingly less responsive - longer contact time, etc. The last suggestion was to reboot. We've done that and it's worse. I'm in my house and the ecobee thermostat is set to 82 F, and it says the current temperature is 78F. I'm wearing a sweatshirt and sweatpants in the middle of summer. Trust me, 53 yr old women don't do that.I told my husband that I'm out and to just send it back already. He looked into returning it through Amazon. It's been over 30 days, so now we have to go through ecobee. Wheee!We had a Nest thermostat and outdoor cameras in our HomeAway/ AirBnB house. They worked great. Just get a Nest.
Love all the features Love all the features, but found I need to do another home maintenance project like more attic insulation or an attic, duct or whole house fan to effectively utilize the remote sensor on a two story house. When running the AC, I have about a +2 or 3 degree temp differential, even after closing my downstairs registers. Love the differential in the winter (cooler in the upstairs bedrooms even with wide open registers), but not in the summer. The main floor is like an ice box when you get the upstairs cooled to the desired temp. If you are looking to use the remote sensor, you need to have a well balanced HVAC system to maximize this setup.
Terrific customer service Easy to install. Customer service is so easy to work with as well
Get one if you don't have one. Works like a charm. Never had one issue so far. Stays connected, never needs a reset.
Must Have This thermostat is one of my favorite smart devises. Love the ability to monitor different rooms. I’ve also seen our energy bill drop by using the follow me feature! Only wish I wild of ordered it sooner!
Additional sensors really help keep house comfortable in all rooms. Additional sensors really help keep house comfortable in all rooms.
Maybe, maybe not. I ordered this to replace an OEM unit that had started acting up. Unfortunately, this unit does not control anything but a single stage blower. Most high efficiency forced air furnaces have blowers that change speeds so they are not running on high all the time if not needed. This unit has to states: On & Off. So my furnace would have never run on low speed. That equals money wasted. So I sent it back. I'm sure this unit is fine for older single-stage furnaces, but it's just not efficient if you have a multi-stage heating plant.
Five Stars Returned
Happy with it. Works well will our Alexa.
Get the one without ALEXA, you won't miss her. It has worked well so far. Still figuring out the set up regarding the the away temps. The ALEXA option is not worth the added expense from personal opinion as it is hard to interact with it.
THEIR SYSTEM IS DOWN CONSTANTLY! this is a technological nightmare. Their system is CONSTANTLY down. So you can't access your online content or change anything. I purchased mine at Home Depot because I had to exchange the Nest. I was told the Ecobee is less problematic in connecting to the Internet. However, it doesn't matter if it can connect to the Internet because the ENTIRE SYSTEM goes down. You contact customer service and the recorded messages states, "all systems are down" check twitter or FB for updates. I DON'T HAVE EITHER OF THOSE! I'm going back to Nest, now that my HVAC contrator connected the common wire.
Alexa needs improvement and full functionality Alexa still responds with too many "Sorry, I need a minute" errors where I have to wait before trying my request again. I am disappointed the problems have not been fixed since my purchase 15 months ago. Also, SiriusXM and other apps are unavailable on the ecobee4. It should be capable of supporting all the apps that other Alexa devices support. Nobody appreciates purchasing a washed down lite version of Alexa. They should integrate seamlessly with all other Alexa devices as well. Currently, you can not add it to a group. Otherwise, thermostat functionality works fine.UPDATE: 08/28/2018Alexa functionality has actually become even WORSE. I now have to pull the unit off the wall to reset almost daily because Alexa appears "dead", not responding to her wake up cue.
Has a mind of its own Cannot get this device to operate to my comfort settings. If I want cool it heats. I want heat it cools. Won’t even stay at a setting. In a couple hours it goes its own way. Not so happy.
Easy to use Easy to set up love it
Easy Installation! Very easy to install and the additional sensor is priceless. My house seems to be holding temps up and downstairs.
This has been a great product that I've had almost a year This has been a great product that I've had almost a year. I have not had any issues, and have been able to save on my monthly heating and cooling bills.
Works great Love it!
Ecobee 4 Great product!! But, have it professionally installed.Also, works great from the phone Apps.
I should have gotten one sooner! I should have gotten one sooner! Its great! Easy to install and work and very convenient.Alexa commands are a bit limited, cannot join a group to play music for example, but it looks and performs great!
Just ok Alexa doesn’t work great. You can be on top of it and it doesn’t hear you. Doesn’t stream songs like regular Alexa. The weather menu is nice when want to get the week forecast. App to adjust seems to work well
Great thermostat! This was a great addition to our smart home. I like that I can control hands free and also from my phone when I'm not at home.
Cool product, Goes offline after few hours of not ... Cool product, Goes offline after few hours of not connecting to internet. After update fairing well. Still need improvement on server and maintenance HA infrastructure.
Great Thermostat Love, love, love this thermostat. If I have 1 critique it it would be this, I would like to have the same functionality on the app as the website.
A terrific smart thermostat and app. The adapter kit that came with it made installation on my HVAC quite easy. Works well, though the Alexa part is not perfect. Control via phone works great and has been easy to rehook up through a couple phone resets or updates.
Great product. Great product. Thanks.
Used But Clearly Labeled New! Removed plastic wrapping from box, Opened the box and noticed the adhesive plastic/film was missing on the device ( I bought two ecobees, one of them had film, one of them did not) Somebody’s nasty fingerprints and smudge marks all over the face of it.
Five Stars my 2nd one
Inconsistent WiFi and Alexa We have had our ecobee 4 for almost a year. The WiFi signal drops from time to time and we have to reconnect. We’ve had Alexa enabled since we installed it. It was working fine until a few weeks ago. Now, all of a sudden, Alexa no longer responds. When speaking the blue light does not light anymore. It shows on the thermostat that Alexa is successfully linked and also on the Amazon site. But, it still will not work. Ecobee support is no help.
This device does not follow program instructions. Great idea - very poor execution.I need to raise the temp in my house in the afternoon between 3 and 8 pm. At 4 pm it is set at 84, the temperature is 78, and the AC is running!Support tells me it it is a smart device and operating as designed.I think it was designed by an idiot. They can not help me..
WiFi issues and poor support. I am truly disappointed with this product and even more so their customer service / support. So a little background about me I have a BS in networking and information systems and network+ and Cisco certified. I was a Nest owner for 4 years.So I wanted to upgrade from my Nest to an Ecobee mostly for their Homekit integration and their seemingly willingness to innovate with their products. I installed my Ecobee in the exact same spot as I did my Nest and I have had nothing but problems with it sense. It disconnects from the network multiple times per day. First off this thermostat is only 20’ away from the AP so the signal is great. Keep in mind in the 4 years of having the Nest I never had 1 disconnect. So I did a quick google search and I see that there is a firmware issue and it needs updated.Well you are not able to do the update yourself. So I sent off the email to their support department and 2-3 days later they responded with they have done the update. Why they can’t do the update through their app is just crazy in my mind or it needs to just update on its own all the time.Well my connection problems didn’t go away. So I contacted their support department again. Took them about a week to respond and they had me change the channel that my WiFi was working on to 1. Not quite sure their reasoning for this is. There are a few other WiFi AP in the area one of which is on channel 1 and this tends to lead to more connection problems. But hey I did it anyways. They also closed the ticket less then 24 hrs after they asked me to change the channel.Well this did not fix the WiFi issues it actually made it worse. I now loose my connection 2-3x more each day. So I reopen the support ticket and 3 days later they ask what is the signal strength? I so I responded with with its percentage and that’s where contact stops. I went over a week without any response. So I sent another email told them that I had a Nest in this very location without any connection issues and that they need to figure out why mine was. Their response was pretty unprofessional in my mind. They came back with off you google Nest and WiFi issues you will find plenty of cases where they have connection issues as well. You are only disconnecting from the network 6 or so times per day....Well here’s the thing. Ecobee does not auto reconnect. You have to go through the network setup process all over each time. None of the homekit features can work when discounted from WiFi since it needs WiFi to work. So that makes all the smart features useless. Needless to say I wish I kept the box as I would be returning this and going back to my Nest. I only wish Nest would support Homekit.
Works on 4 wire and 5 wire systems. I have to say this thermostat is incredible. I received an email from my thermostat stateing there was a problem with the Air conditioning. Email mentioned ac was running for several hours but house temp went up 4 degrees. I was able to shut it off remotely. With Texas triple digits the compressor would have ran for a week if I hadn't got the notice. I have no doubt it saved my unit and possibly a fire. 2 breakers outside were cooked. I was 100 miles away when I got the notice.. It's well worth the cost.
Tech support damaged my HVAC unit. When I installed the unit, it did not power on. When I called tech support afterwards, they told me to touch two wires to check for power. After that, my HVAC unit stopped working. I had to pay over 600 dollars to replace my circuit board. Do NOT install this unless you are willing to risk hundreds of dollars of damage to your system.
Five Stars Great
Love being able to change and monitor the house temperature ... Love being able to change and monitor the house temperature from any place. Easy to install and works great with Alexa.
One Star Did not work sent back. Went with Nest
Five Stars Great thermostat. Easy to use. Works great.
Easy to control and watch without standing at the unit - by phone, tablet, or laptop I purchased 2 of these units,and couldn't be happier - one upstairs and the other on the first floor. I have them each running in auto mode to keep the temperature on both floors between 71 and 73 degrees. They have been working flawlessly for the past 2 weeks. Accessing and controlling them with a laptop, phone, or tablet is very convenient. I don't have to go upstairs every day and check or change the settings. So important to people at my age with arthritis issues. Installing them can be a bit confusing, but the company is only a phone call away to provide needed help. I highly recommend these units.
Great prodect, setup a static IP is a must! Awesome thermostat! Had a little issue with it reacquiring my wifi after router resets. Technical support was on point and advised me to setup a static IP. After that, both ecobee4's I have work flawlessly.
DO NOT BUY Would never buy againKeeps falling off networkTried their customer supportWhat joke did nothing to helpAsked for a supervisor to callThat was a week agoStill nothing
Best thermostat I have ever owned... Love this product... especially the remote sensor.
Excellent, but one bug Excellent thermostat, clear installation instructions, well-designed web site.One insight I had during installation: If you’re planning to use remote sensors, think of the thermostat (the ecobee device) as a base station. It can be located where most convenient to see and use. If you have spots where you want to control the temperature precisely, put a sensor there.The microphone and speaker built into the ecobee4 are below par by Echo standards. If you have other Alexas, there’s not much incentive to use the built-in one.There is one annoying bug in the voice commands. Asking “Alexa, what is the temperature upstairs?” returns the thermostat (wherever it is) target temperature, not the actual upstairs sensor (thermometer) temperature.
For the most part this is a really great thermostat. Alexa integration is useful For the most part this is a really great thermostat. Alexa integration is useful. However, on occasion, for no discernible reason, Alexa will just stop working. I've found recycling the furnace power seems to fix the situation but ecobee has no good explanation why this happens.
... excited to finally take the jump and purchase a smart thermostat. Purchased this device and installed it using ... Was very excited to finally take the jump and purchase a smart thermostat. Purchased this device and installed it using a C wire. The device kept restarting and would never calibrate. Looked online for support and ecobee's support online is pretty terrible, all it said for this issue was "check the wires, if this doesn't work call an HVAC support person". Unsure where everyone else lives but calling out a tech to fix this issue would cost more than the device itself. So after debating whether or not to just give up and return it or try something else, I decided to try and utilize the PEK adapter. This ended up shorting the fuse on my furnace. Returning this immediately and will be purchasing a nest (which I probably should have bought in the first place).
Life changing device you didn't know you need This is one of those devices that turned out to be so much better than expected. I bought it for the convenience of controlling my thermostat through Alexa, but it considerably improved our comfort at home. The HVAC system is much less noisy because of ecobee's smart temp regulation, and the remote sensor means that the bedrooms on the basement floor are not as frigid as we used to expect them.Also, the installation process is so well thought out, it made a fairly complex re-wiring feel breezy.Really well done
Five Stars Really like these thermostats.
Smart home foundation Doubles as an Echo dot and a thermostat. Speaker isn't that great, but it does what you tell it to do. Had to contact tech support on a wiring issue. If you have a heat pump, the white wire goes to the OB terminal, not the W1 terminal. Would have saved a bunch of time and anxiety if the manufacturer's installation instructions had stated that.
I really like this but I removed 2 stars since it doesn't ... I really like this but I removed 2 stars since it doesn't support all Alexa features. I would expect it to handle anything Alexa does. Good thermostat though.
Does not connect to 5 gig wifi Install was easy even with adding the C wire interface at the furnace. Be aware that this will not connect to a 5 gig router! Has to be 2.4 gig with password, nothing in the manual to tell you. Also, has to be registered thru wifi and the setup in the thermostat, there is no documentation in the manual on the process.
Great Product Super easy to install, excellent customer support, the analytics are great, and this is wonderful to use.
Ecobee support was great and even provided replacement parts tried for months to get to work to no avail...Ecobee support was great and even provided replacement parts. But that process carried me past my return date. So now I have $200 thermostat that does not work.
Five Stars updated my review I disconnected the thermostat and put it back on and WiFi worked
Very handy This has been a great thermostat. They have the app where it is quite reliable now. I am very happy with how this performs. In fact, I have purchased two of these since I have two systems.
Love my ecobee Love my ecobee. The smart home setting and alexa integration is useful for whenever feeling too lazy to change the temp.
One Star Great product but twice I called for technical help and got no return call, terrible customer service
Great thermostat I had the ecobee3 thermostats, but got the opportunity to get the ecobee4 ones when I moved. I like the integration with alexa; I can set up routines where the thermostat drops and fans come on without buying an echo device.The thermostat is very easy to install and now even has a step-by-step walkthrough in the app.
This was easy to install Purchase came quickly and undamaged from E ZEE Electronics.This was easy to install, everything comes with the unit that you will need(besides tools).I've only been using this for 3 days now, but so far the app and unit itself are pretty user friendly.I still have a little more to learn about what this unit can all do, but initial setup and schedule were easy to input.
I contacted Ecobee and received very poor service. I will definitively not buy it again Very disapointing product. I bought it 12 months ago for my beach house. My goal was to remotely control the temperature while following the level of humidity. Recently, the Ecobee indicated a very high level of humidity (+80%) while the AC cooling system was operating perfectly. I asked a HVAC provider to measure the level of humidity with an external humidity meter. Result: the Ecobee indicated a wrong percentage of humidity of 12-15% higher than the reality. I contacted Ecobee and received very poor service. I will definitively not buy it again.
Mounting issue The Wall Plate Bracket Mount Frame Holder is not strong and stable. When you mount it notice the screw point and be careful not to damage the plastics part. It is not very precisely aligned to the thermostat back holder.
Very smart thermostat. Only down side is that it doesn't ... Very smart thermostat. Only down side is that it doesn't have far reaching voice recognition like the Alexa Dot, so you have to be fairly close to it for it to hear you.
Five Stars I received the product in a timely fashion and technically the product is delivering what I expected. Thanks!
Five Stars amazing
SEE UPDATES - 5 stars. Easy setup/install and working great! Update 2 - Week One: OK, tweaking done and out hottest days of this year here in Vegas. Our usage is down a clear 10% to comparable days last year (temp/humidity/length of day). We used more energy (on old thermostat) on days that were under 100 than the last few days over 110! Will include a few weekly screenshots of our NVE usage in next update.Update 1 - Day 2: Made a few advanced settings changes using the Ecobee 3 user manual. Corrected the ambient temp (room temp), tweaked the over cool and other settings so it wouldn't cycle so often. I love that I can dial it in! Live in Vegas, so temp control is huge for both comfort and cost. Any qualified HVAC tech could help with these settings but if you're a tinkerer like me you can do it too. Big improvements including less on off cycling (short runs multiple times an hour) and comfort levels that we can live with.Initial setup: Ok...setup and install easy peasy! Used the web portal for my account to add comfort settings beyond the initial three offered. Added the extra room sensor to our office which stays a bit warmer than the rest of the house. Works great and so far so good. Updates to follow.
Awesome thermostat! Works great!
It does not work at all and their own techs have no clue how their own product works. Doesn’t work! Support is the worst I have ever experienced! I give it -5 stars
Great product! Great product, works perfect and easy to use, I set it up myself and took about an hour with double checking work, I do suggest going to their site and doing research before purchasing, there are many different setups and its compatible with certain ac systems.
Schedule feature is not intuitive and flexible I bought 2 units for my house and had the local contractor installed for me. The kids love the Alexa feature and the sound quality is good enough for us. The scheduling feature needs to be more intuitive and flexible but I managed to figure it out. I am glad that I chose Ecobee over Nest.
Good product Set it and forget it. The way something like a thermostat should be.
Ecobee hit this one out of the park! This thing is great! Our home hasn't seen massive savings, but around 6% estimated reduction in run time over the first month. Alexa built in makes for a great fill-in smart home master just where you need it. HomeIQ is great, and really interesting if you like statistics and graphs. Ecobee hit this one out of the park!
it works like a charm now and the Alexa interface is great The installation was a little tricky. Once installed, the thermostat started blowing warm air while it was in AC mode. The installation instructions do indicate that if you have a heat pump the wiring is a bit different, but IMHO, as a DIY, the instructions weren't that clear. I had to search online for what other's were doing to fix the problem. Nevertheless, it works like a charm now and the Alexa interface is great.
Great for consistent temp on various floors I really like having the extra sensors. I have a tri-level house and this really helps keep all levels comfortable.
No date time on display I asked for 2 years now that the ecobee needs to display the date and time. I was told that they were working on it. Two years later, it is still not available. Unbelievable!
Works great. Great smart device to upgrade your home. Works exactly as advertised. Easy to control and instructions are great.
Furnace and blower malfunction I have a furnace/blower issue with my ecobee4. In the mornings the heat is called to warm the house from 68 to 70. However, the blower comes on for roughly 45 mins and blows cold air, then a brief shutdown of the blower and I can hear the furnace light and blower come back on to start blowing warm air.I have tried controlling from the thermostat and HVAC, I have played around with dissipation times..etc.I called ecobee support and they add no value.I asked ecobee to look at my account, and they could see that my system was running for over 2 hours to try and warm the house by 2 degrees.Ecobee is costing me a significant amount of $$ and I’m sure the extra run time on the hvac system will cause premature failure. Not to mention the time and frustration in dealing with their support teams.Finally, I asked how I could return the product and they told me it was impossible to accept my return since I bought their product from Amazon. Amazon only excepts 30 day returns and I have been trouble shooting the POS for over 6 months. To make it even worse, I purchased two devices for the two zones of my house. I’ve invested $500 in ecobee and the system is ruining my hvac..
but the Alexa functionality is terrible. I have to yell at it to get ... Decent IoT thermostat, but the Alexa functionality is terrible. I have to yell at it to get it to respond at all, but it constantly hears it's name when the TV is on. I eventually just disabled Alexa. Thermostat works great.
AFTER ONE YEAR USE - REGRET I CHOSE ECOBEE After about a year of use of Ecobee4 thermostats my experience is a disappointment. I invested in 3 of them and regret this now. The 'smart' function of wireless control is non-existent. Each of my 3 units keep disconnecting from my WI-FI network often - in case of any power supply disruption or possibly for no reason I can see. It will never reconnect automatically back to the network (like every other smart device I own does). Each and every time I have to reconnect them manually using the face touch-screen. Since the disconnecting happens often - I am already tired with running 3 stories house up and down and reconnecting them back, while I know the connection won't last and soon the thermostats will disconnect themselves again. Presently most of the time my 'smart' Ecobee thermostats continue to stay disconnected from WI-FI and are not visible on the app.UPDATEAGAIN TWO THERMOSTATES OUT OF 3 DISCONNECTED FROM WI-FI NETWORK FOR NO REASON. WHILE CONSIDERING PURCHASE PLEASE KEEP IN MIND CONSTANT LACK OF CONNECTIVITY
Easy set-up! Received about a week ago and so far it's been great. Initially I thought I would have to have my A/C guy install it but I did it in no time, it was very easy. Grandkids love talking to Alexa and asking questions non-stop, it's kinda funny. Easy to set up preferred temps and to as to change temps. Works like a charm.
Three Stars Quality product.
Works great but better hope you don’t need technical support Works great so far once I got it working. I struggled to get it to power up. After emailing tech support and spending hours on hold on tech support phone line I tried jumping Rc to Rh. Started working perfect.Tech Support eventually emailed me back 3 days later with some generic troubleshooting guides that wouldn’t helped.Good product with horrific customer service.
The wiring went fine though and was very easy to follow the directions I got the Ecobee 4 with Alexa around Christmas 2017 and installed it about a month later. Installation was a bit tricky because it did not fit the mud ring the contractor used 15 years ago when the house was built. The wiring went fine though and was very easy to follow the directions. Connecting the Ecobee to my WiFi was fairly easy but I did have a problem that required me to start the process over. My second attempt resulted in a successful connection. Programming the thermostat was very easy to do and it is very nice to access it through the app on my phone or iPad. My kids love having Alexa play music while they are in the same room. Overall I have been pleased with how it has worked. I am not sure I have seen a savings in our heating and cooling bill though. We had a programmable thermostat previously and the schedule I set on the Ecobee is very similar.
the best customer service I have ever experienced Ecobee has, hands-down, the best customer service I have ever experienced...Perhaps their support team is so good because their product is intuitive and easy to use!
Fantastic Smart Thermostat Fantastic thermostat. Very easy to use and control from your phone so you can turn it on and off easily from the car when you are leaving or coming home. The additional sensor is helpful, I keep it in my bedroom so that my nighttime settings look only at it to keep my room comfortable as I sleep. The built in Alexa is nice as well, my kids enjoy using it to play music during the day or while we are eating, with Prime there is a large selection of kids music that you can listen to.
Installation was a breeze and it integrates well with our smart home products Works exactly as advertised. Installation was a breeze and it integrates well with our smart home products! I love that I can now control my thermostat from my phone or using our multiple Echo devices. We have multiple room sensors that work well. One of the best features is that you can set certain room sensors to be active during certain instances. For example, when we go to sleep, the only sensors active are in our Master bedroom and Nursery. That way, it keeps our temperature steady in those areas. Extra sensors are a MUST to make this the best product it can be.My only complaint is that the Echo doesn't fully integrate with other echo devices. For example, I have a multi-room group set up for music. I would love if this could be included to play music in my living room (where the thermostat is), but that isn't currently enabled. Having a fully functioning Echo device built in would really improve this thermostat!
Annoying random flashing light Annoying random flashing light. This thermostat would randomly flash extremely bright light in the middle of night. I can clearly see the light with eyes closed. It wakes both of us up! I have seen other users complaining about this issue as well. This is so stupid!
Five Stars Great and honest seller (I think)!
Quality control issue? Purchased two sets. One works great. The other told me one sensor needs new battery after one day of use. Chsnged it. Same message again after three days of use. Seems defective and inconsistent quality control.
Novice friendly. So, researched a number of these smart thermostats, really came down to this or the Nest. Picked Ecobee4 for the adaptor kit that enabled me to rewire the A/C unit due to its lack of a C wire. (older house).Now, I am at best a "lets have a go DIYer" so i was a little intimidated, but have to say the instructions were explicit and concise. Reading and re-reading I crawled in the attic took pics of the original wiring (in case I had to reverse course) and installed the conversion kit. Hardest part was holding in flashlight and trying to rewire.Installed the thermostat and was good to go out of the box. Now i have a thermostat that i can ask to set temperature at a certain level and inquire as to the whereabouts of my next Amazon delivery. Its sleek looking and unobtrusive.
Five Stars Works great for the most part. Only down side is it doesn't support all Alexa functions, like reminders, yet.
Pain to install Terrible to install. The instructions don’t consider that most people with newish houses have a ventilation system between the furnace and thermostat. I followed the instructions and blew my furnace transformer and everything shut down. Had to get installer out to rewire for the thermostat to work with my setup. I had a Nest prior that installed myself way easier without any problems! Cost me another $250 on top of the price for install :(
Nice but Alexa mic could stand an upgrade. The Alexa on this is a little hard of hearing compared to the echo dot. I can be 5 feet from it, yet the echo dot which is 15 feet + and upstairs responds!
1 Year with the Ecobee 4. A bumpy ride. I, as I'm sure many folks do, went back and forth over purchasing an Ecobee or a Nest. 12 months later, I'm still not sure I made the right choice.The remote sensors were a major tipping point in my decision, however, you have to know what you are getting into. The sensors are useful, true, but take some getting used to figuring out how they work and effect the function of the thermostat. Your thermostat will treat the average of all active sensors as the overall temperature that it will react to. You can set whether each sensor participates in a particular 'comfort setting' / schedule and will be included in the average. Of course the sensors only contribute to the average when they have recently detected motion, or when none of them show 'occupied'.This sounds good, but in effect it means number of sensors and their placement become very important. The fewer sensors, the more a single sensor can swing the 'average'. I quickly found I needed more sensors to have any sort of balance and effective heating / cooling in the house. So, if comparing the price of this thermostat with others, keep in mind you will probably end up buying more sensors, which are frankly, overpriced. Only available in 2 packs, that average $60 or more, when the sensors should really be $20 each at most. And regardless of seasonal promotions that regularly offer the thermostats on sale, I've yet to see extra sensors offered on sale.I expected the thermostat to be smarter, really. Once sensors were set up, smart home / away, geofencing, etc etc. I thought it would be set it and forget it. But ended up spending the first few months bumping temperature settings up or down, adjusting schedules, tweaking settings. So right away was wondering if I should have gotten the Nest instead, since it's whole thing is that it gets trained by those changes, and figures out your comfort settings for you. Instead, we were constantly making those tweaks and corrections, and the thermostat was learning nothing.I was excited about the usage reports, the data and feedback on our usage and savings. So, after installing the thermostat on June 2, 2017. I was thoroughly disappointed to find that after 30 days, I had no data. Then to realize it required a complete 'Calendar' month of usage to get any data. So all my June usage was tossed, I had to wait through July, and then another week or two into August before any reports showed up. After all that wait, I found the reports were basically useless fluff that just stated our usage vs. if we had the thermostat set at a different temperature. Yes, we saved energy vs if we'd had the AC cranked up all the time. Okay thanks.The data was also skewed, as within the first month or so of ownership I realized that the outside temperature reading on the thermostat (taken from internet weather reporting) was wayyyyy off. Tracking it for a bit, I realized that it was lagging about 3 hours behind. So of course any 'learning' the thermostat was doing about inside temp and heat pump usage vs the outside temp was all wrong. Contacting support, they just suggested I change weather stations, even though the entire list of 10 local stations they sent me showed temperatures that were 3 hours off. Had this problem come and go for some months, pretty sure I ended up on a weather station that's about 15 miles away, not optimal, but apparently more stable than the closer ones. I haven't noticed problems in a while, though I stopped paying much attention to the data reports after realizing their relative uselessness. So maybe their weather service got their act together, maybe not.But, the biggest problem came at 11 months in, when I walked by my thermostat one evening and noticed the 'Setup' screen was showing. After 11 months of tweaking settings and schedules, figuring out heat pump compressor / emergency heat limits and thresholds over the winter when it kept swinging between really cold house and overly using the expensive resistant heating element... all of my settings were gone. Are gone I should say.After weeks and weeks of long silences from support, tickets being closed and re-opened, 'our team is looking into it', etc. Not surprisingly the final answer was 'there's nothing in our logs to indicate what happened'. No answer, no reassurance that this sort of thing might not just happen again at any time. No backups of settings, etc.So, 12 months later I'm back to square one. No sensors, no custom settings, no heat pump thresholds tweaked to perfection, nothing. Just an expensive thermostat that's not very smart, and a handful of overpriced sensors that don't want to re-associate it with it. Awesome.Not having used the Nest, I can't say for sure that it's better, I can only say the Ecobee has been less that awesome. When I get it all set back up I will definitely be writing down all the settings as I go, now that I know they can be lost completely at any time. Despite having an online account and the company surely collecting data from all our thermostats all the time for their own use, none of that data is really of any use to the customer when we need it.Also, I didn't buy the Ecobee for Alexa. We used it some initially, found it more amusing than useful, but in the end Google Home won our hearts and we've since filled our house with that particular assistant. So another knock against the Ecobee4 is that if you decide to disable Alexa from listening to you all the time, your thermostat then has a permanent red glowing bar across the top of it. Supposedly a better solution is being worked on, but has never materialized.I'm still hoping that the Ecobee will eventually redeem itself when I get further into my smart home / home automation adventure. I haven't checked recently, but at the time of purchase, the Ecobee had a much more robust API open to users, allowing the more robust smart home hub / controllers like openHab to get data from the sensors and thermostat, and possibly trigger various actions on the thermostat. If this ends up working as I hope, it may all be worth it. Of course, if I just end up using it as a networked thermostat that's controlled by a smart controller based on various other (lower priced) sensors throughout the house, well, there's probably cheaper thermostats that allow that sort of external triggering. But hey, they probably don't look as nice!
Shabby Alexa Integration. The Alexa integration is poorly done to the point of undermining everything good about he product. If you don't already have any Alexa devices maybe it is fine, but our house has a few devices in it already, and while they work well together, they don't work as well now that Ecobee is in the house. They don't talk to one another. They start playing music at the same time and then run into conflicts where I have to whisper to one to shut off. They duplicate everything. They've made it so my Echo ecosystem is virtually unusable. To top it off, I can't seem to get the existing Alexa enabled devices to control the Ecobee, and unless I'm standing right next to Ecobee and talking in hushed tones, I can't talk to the thermostat without talking to my Echo as well. Very shabby integration and I can't imagine they tested this in a real environment to see how users would work with this device when they already have some of the technology that comes onboard (which I have to imagine is a fair overlap on the adoption curve of connected devices...)
Five Stars The best on the market, by far!
This is a worthless product until they get WIFI connectivity ... This is a worthless product until they get WIFI connectivity issues figured out. Had it for a month and it drops WIFI signal every couple days.Requires a power cycle of the unit. Google Ecobee4 loses WIFI connection. Nothing special about my WIFI network at home - Xfinity service with Xfinity Modem/Router combo. WIFI signal is strong at unit and no other issues with WIFI connectivity in relation to other devices in the house. If WIFI connectivity issues were fixed then this would be a five star product.
I love this thing I love this thing, but I had to turn off Alexa because sometimes she would start responding out of nowhere when I was watching TV. Either that or I have a ghost in the house trying to inquire about sports statistics.
Like everything but one thing. I like this thermostat I never have a problem with it enjoy being able to control it from my phone etc. my biggest gripe in it is the width between the hot and cold temperature when you have it set to auto. It is too wide a gap where you end up being too hot or too cold. I realize they might of added it so it wasn’t running all the time, but shouldn’t that be the customer’s choice not the manufacturer. I had another brand before this that I couln’t control from my iphone but the temp gap was chosen by the user and it makes a big difference.
Good purchase, extremely easy setup, Apple HomeKit Great product, nice and easy and quick setup to get running... having a Apple HomeKit what mmy decision to go with ecobee4 (over others; like Nest)
Great versatility and good price. Works exactly as advertised, and for what I needed it mostly for - it is great. Lets you set the remote sensor in another room so it keeps THAT room at the desired temperature, instead of keeping the hallway or wherever else the stock thermostat is at, at the set temperature.However, as others have noted, doesn't reply to "regular english" for all commands, you need to say things in a certain way for it to understand.
Competes with other Alexa devices. A step back. We had an ecobee3 as well. The Alexa support is useless if you have another Alexa in the room. They both answer. The speaker isnt the greatest quality so you dont want to play music over other devices. Plus the mic is hit or miss. Isn't meant to be a complete Alexa. Poor engineering. I ended up disabling Alexa. Might as well buy a 3 or other device.
Never worked The face never worked or turned on. I had to run out and buy another one so I could have ac
Five Stars love it-great customer service from manufacture.
Good smart thermostat Good smart thermostat, app is convenient to adjust the temperature. Setting range in Ecobee vs Nest learns/sets temperature based on your schedule is the difference. Ecobee has room sensors(Nest has it too now). Overall happy with it and it has Amazon Alexa(integrates well with Prime).
I bought this version when it first came out last ... I bought this version when it first came out last year. It continues to have wifi disconnect issues.Seems to be stable with this workaround, but ecobee company refuses to acknowledge this and fix this bug.
the unit itself is wonderful so far the unit itself is wonderful so far. It works as advertised. the installation was a little difficult. We have a two stage geo-thermal heat pump with back up aux heat. It was wired per the instruction book but did not work. Called Customer service who was great. I sent pictures of old and new wiring setups. The gentleman walked me thru the wire changes. The old setup had W and W2 wires and I wired these to the new ecobee4 terminals of the same label. it didn't work . to make it work I had to take the W wire and put it on the Ecobee o/b terminal and move the W2 wire to the W terminal. the first stage of the heat pump needs o/b and the second stage needs W. This is not how the wiring diagram is shown in the Ecobee manual. Too early to tell about geo-fencing and homekit since the weather is moderate and we do not need heat or cooling. I will modify the review if necessary.
Great Thermostat extremely easy to install and setup. the eccobee support is exceptional.
Five Stars Perfect for managing the energy efficiency of the home.
not reliable, basic thermostat functionality not reliable save your time buy something else not reliable, i have to unplug and plug entire thermostat because it will get hang and not make call to AC, unplugging was told to me by support which i had to do every week for this to work. other than this basic functionality everything was nice. I spent hours with support trying to fix it and i sent support pictures of my wiring etc, they even updated firmware versions. different thermostat working reliably on same wiring, so i know its not wiring problem. when product is not reliable and defective, no amount of phone support can fix it.
My downstairs unit change went very easy. I changed the thermostat upstairs and it was ... You must property shut down your unit first. Some unit have a switch on them as well as a breaker box outside. My downstairs unit change went very easy. I changed the thermostat upstairs and it was not getting any power. I called my A/C guy and he informed me that I blew the breaker in the attic unit by not flipping off the switch even though the outside breaker was off. A $78.00 service charge to replace the breaker. lesson learned. It would be nice to add this to the instructions. I love the new thermostat.
This is an excellent product. It’s easy to program and convenient to ... This is an excellent product. It’s easy to program and convenient to use and has all the functions of an echo unit. Even plays music.
You're losing money if you don't buy it We saved 37% on our energy costs the first year we owned this, and our house was more comfortable than ever. We've started buying them for family members now
Hours wasted, and wasted money on an electrician After hours trying to install (using the pek), more hours with a tech on the phone, then calling an electrician who failed repeatedly (and eventually ran new wiring, including a c wire), we now conclude something's wrong with the unit. Hours wasted, and wasted money on an electrician. Will be buying a nest or Honeywell next, assuming ecobee lets me return. Painful.
will buy again very good product good seller
Honestly felt Alexa would be a gimmick but we use ... Honestly felt Alexa would be a gimmick but we use it every day. Switched to this from a Nest.
Best Alexa enabled and HomeKit thermostat I love my Ecobee! I had an issue with major hot and cold spots in my house. The remote sensors make it so the thermostat averages out the temps of the rooms that are occupied. Also no crazy scheduling needed, when the house is no longer occupied the AC shuts off. (You can still schedule if you wish) The built in Alexa on the 4 works just like having another Echo Dot in the room. I highly recommend to everyone!
Must buy smart TStat I was a little unsure about the Ecobee as I was struggling to get my schedule built into it correctly from the app. I am on a time of use plan here in Arizona, so I have 4 temperature settings throughout the day to maximize my energy savings. Eventually I found that I could go online to the webportal where I can add new comfort settings which was exactly what I needed!It is very easy to operate and the built in Alexa feature is a nice touch. We connected our Ecovacs robot vacuum to the Alexa so we can operate with just our voice. The smart features are great. After 1 month the tstat shows your home efficiency and energy usage compared to other smart thermostat users. Was disappointed to find out my settings are very inefficient, but we used that info to help save more engery!Highly recommend this thermostat!
Top Notch Top notch and I do building automation. My upstairs stayed hot at night now the remote sensor controls our bedroom at night and averages between the main and remote during the day.
Four Stars I love that I can talk to my thermostat. Works very good so far.
One Star Too cumbersome, returned it
Ive had a nest for many years. Remodeled an ... Ive had a nest for many years. Remodeled an old house and thought the remote sensors would be beneficial. The software interface is not intuitave, and the app on my phone and ipad are rather clunky and do not activate the ecobee at times. The controller seems to randomly hold temps, and at other times does not resume the set program. I think im going to return to nest. It just works.
DOES NOT INTEGRATE WITH MAJORITY OF ALEXA FUNCTIONALITY .. Pointless to buy the ecobee4 over the 3 and pay extra .. Amazon, please integrate Alexa Multi Room Music and Drop-In features for Ecobee4 .. this is just painful to spend money for a device which is missing all of the main features. After installing the unit only to find you can't use these features is VERY DISAPPOINTING.. It is a bit misleading and I would have not spent the extra money for 'Alexa Enabled' devices and paid to have them installed if I would have known.. I think i very easily speak for the majority of device owners that we very much like Amazon and Ecobee, i just want them to work together. PLEASE SPEAK UP EVERYONE SO THAT WE CAN GET THIS DONE. Thanks!
Would and did buy again. Works with Alexa and SmartThings. It keeps the house comfortable and can be controlled remotely. We liked it so much we got enough one for my in-law. She loves it too.
Poor support for installation. Be prepared to be stuck for long hours, with no heat or AC, waiting for support. The company has poor support. Ran into an issue and need help. Called for support and went into voicemail with wait of 24 hrs. No heat or AC till the call comes or need to put things back as before. What happens if there is a new problem?
Just ok, not sure if better than Nest I used to have a nest and to be honest I'm not sure if I like this unit better or not. Each of them have pluses over the other but I wish this unit had more control over setting up a temperature schedule. On my Nest I could change the temp anytime and day separately but on this unit I can only setup 3 profiles home, away, and sleep.
Best thermostat out there!! Perfect!!! Great price, came overnight! Easy to install, even with 1980 something wires!!
Love it, would have 5 stars if the build ... Love it, would have 5 stars if the build quality was a bit better, they should have a glass screen
Five Stars Nice thermostat, works great
Not reliable and extremly limited actual warranty Ecobee went out 6 months after a professional installation. Ecobee blamed the installer and would not make a warranty replacement. They refused to even let me return it for them to make sure it was not a product defect. Support is understaffed, there is always a extremely long phone wait for support and emails take about a day to get a response which is a issue when it's 0 degrees out and your thermostat goes out.
Great energy saving/comfort control - alexa is okay, but limited Ecobee is great, I have my villa IT networked and installed upstairs - I sprang for professional installation, around $130 in Dubai. Working no problem and gives me control over my bedrooms (the remote sensor is great too for monitoring kids bedroom temp/humidity).Only drawback is that I have echo and ecobee and the two work together over my home network, except the ecobee isn't a full-fledged Alexa (for example I cannot add reminders like you can with echo dot).Shame it doesn't work with multi-speed fans or I would install downstairs too, maybe I need the Nest (which does) to compare. Otherwise it is great energy saver/climate comfort device.
Fantastic, quick to respond Love this! It makes it so easy to control our temperature. I love the little sensor as well. It only bases the temperature on the room we have it in when someone is in there. The only down side is that Alexa does not respond very well. Sometimes we are standing right in front of it and she doesn’t “hear” us. That’s a bit disappointing nad irritating. That’s the reason for 4 star and not 5 star. Hopefully there will be some updates to help with that. I love the flexibility of setting a schedule for each day but I’ve also linked it to my phone for geofencing so that it automatically turns down when I leave. AC responds immediately to any time I set the air higher or lower. Great product.
Long route to make it work, but worth it. A global product Finally I can do a proper review of this product, after some months of difficulties to install it (related to me) and some not really good guidance from manufacturer I managed to get it running and I have now for a week. This is quite good, quite easy to work with and not as beautiful as the Nest, but it’s a global product not as the Nest that is for first world only. The ecobee 4 maybe is not a extra easy to start up but then you have a handful of options and like no other a extra sensors for a comprehensive control. The screen is simple, not really beautiful, but elegant. This is a truly global product.I’m overseas and my boiler is super simple, but making it to work isn’t, too many instructions for complex systems and recommended diagram doesn’t work.Recommendable!!
Very easy to install and use.... I've always wanted a "smart" thermostat but didn't know which one I wanted or which one was better. To answer which one it the best or is better, I don't thing there is a right answer. I went with the Ecobee brand because I recently bought an Eco show devise and I really liked the Alexa system and wanted to try and keep everything compatible. I am slowly trying to convert my home into a smart home. My thermostat was the next step. I hired a professional to do the install, but they kept calling to reschedule and I kept getting frustrated so I decided to do it myself. I did the prior thermostat myself, a normal digital (non-smart) Honeywell thermostat. which worked, but took me a long time and was a pain in the but to install. I am not a home improvement kind of guy and am not really handy with tools, yet I still found it very easy to install with the instructions provided. It took me only 15 minutes to install. Once I turned the power on, the ecobee unit automatically walks you through a trouble shooting tutorial to ensure you have the proper wires connected to the proper terminals and your thermostat set to the proper setting in order not to damage your ac/furnace. The ecobee App you need to download and I found it very easy to use. I can't compare it to other Smart Thermostats, but I can say it was extremely easy to install by any nonprofessional, is very easy to use, I love the cell phone capability, and having Alexa. Do not waste your money on the smart sensors unless you have a multiple story home that requires more than 1 AC/Furnace. These sensors do not turn your home into a multiple zone heated/cool house. That function will only work if your house is already a multi zone home with multiple ac/furnace units to toggle amongst. What it will do will crank up our down the heat or ac based on a specific room you have a sensor in. Say you have a back bedroom that just doesn't get as cool as the rest so you set a sensor in there and want the ecobee to read and adjust to that room. Great it will, but it can't close off the other rooms, that will be freezing to accommodate the extra drop in temp the thermostat adjusted to meet that room demand.
Looks very nice and since it is by hall bathroom useful for ... Looks very nice and since it is by hall bathroom useful for those hands free needs to get news, music, etc. Reason for 3 stars is Alexa can be difficult to engage most of the time and find ourselves yelling and repeating ourselves allot so much we rarely use alexa on it anymore as we have echo devices that respond. During winter found AC/heatpump starting and stopping with whoosh sounds often. Many adjustments, hours on phone with tech support. Thought I had it fixed then it seemed it all got reset somehow. I think having a professional with experience with these is a must.
Five Stars I love it so far!
Works as advertised I ordered the Ecobee4, Ecobee3, and 2 extra sensors for my 2 story 2700sqft house and they are great... set up is quick and easy. I've had these installed for less than a month and I can already tell a considerable difference in the overall comfort of my home and the amount of time my unit runs.. The extra sensors are a must have.. you spread them all around the house and the Ecobee takes an avg of the sensors to determine the temp of your home.. it also runs just the fan to move around the air to even out hot and cold spots that the sensors pick up.. I installed the Ecobee4 downstairs.. it has Alexa built into it (still not sure how I feel about some creepy AI always listening)... It shows the weather, can play music, connect it to your phone to use as a hands free device, and you can also ask Alexa an infinate range of questions (she has the entire internet at her disposal so her answer has got to be true.... right)... I installed the Ecobee3 upstairs because it doesn't have all the extra bells and whistles (Alexa(creepy AI)).. but other than that functions the exact same... To top it all off you can control it all by the Ecobee app... so next time your wife asks you to crawl out of bed in the middle of the night to adjust the temp you can handle it from your phone like a boss... I will update on the cost savings after I have had it a few months...
All around great product. Easy installation All around great product. Easy installation. Added great functionality to my HVAC system including built in humidifier control.Sensors would be more useful if they had humidity as well as temperature
one works just fine. But one fails to recover whenever WIFI signal ... Ordered a 2-pack, one works just fine. But one fails to recover whenever WIFI signal is lost. I often find it "disconnected" OFF!!!... I have to physically pull it off the wall, and plug it back it, wait 5 minutes for it to reboot before my heat comes back on.How do I get a replacement? Its only been 6 months!Thanks
Absolutely great decision. Replaced the nest with this device. Absolutely great decision.
Almost a Great Thermostat. My Ecobee4 was installed on a one-stage boiler system providing radiant floor heat. It does seem to learn to anticipate the boiler's lag time and adjusting start and stop times accordingly. The dumb thermostat my builder used had only two wires so installation required a fix for that. Once three wires were available, installing Ecobee4 was easy. I would have given this thermostat five stars had is not come with Alexa which is far more of annoyance than a help. Since unlinking Alexa, Ecobee is great!
Easy Install and easy to use! This product was very easy to install. I did have to attach the c wire to my inside unit (the wire was already there, I just attached to the unit and to the thermostat). I love the features and in integrated into my current home security system with Xfinity!
So Far, So Good Everything I ever wanted in a smart thermostat. Excellent user interface, great that you can log in on your laptop and have a big screen to set up all the details. Separate room sensor is great, and you can pick which sensor is active (or both) which is exactly what I wanted (bedroom sensor active at night, main sensor active during the day). You can set the Fan to run a minimum time per hour, again an important feature I wanted. I have been waiting to get a smart thermostat, I have had a Honeywell smart thermostat in the past. Glad I switch to Ecobee
Biggest love is the sensor I love this. I switched out a Nest E3 because it wasn't recognizing that I have an A/C unit. Did the set up in like 15 minutes and I was able to run my A/C again. I love the sensor because I have a townhouse and the upstairs suffers, this helps create a balance. Would like the learning features that led me to buy the Nest first, but this works while the Nest wouldn't.
Unreliable and hard to reach tech support I’ve had it for four weeks, each week a new problem. Week 1, it was heating when it was supposed to cool and vice versa. Week 2, it heated past the set point and I came home to 94 degrees AND IT WOULDNT SHUT OFF on either my phone or the unit. I had to put on the AC, which ALSO wouldn’t shut off and cooled to 65. Week 3 it worked. Week four I came home to find the screen dark and tech support tell me there must be a problem with my (previously working fine) furnace and they advised me to call an HVAC tech. Supervisor Harrison Kozak also noted that the Ecobee places an additional load on your system that can cause it to blow a fuse. In his own words “people call all the time with this problem”. Each week has necessitated a really annoying call to tech support. The techs are nice and knowledgeable and want to help, but your options are either to sit next to your thermostat on hold for an hour, or request a callback. The callback will happen when you are nowhere near your thermostat and at your office or something. So in summary, be prepared to pencil in some hold time next to your thermostat and set aside a few hundred bucks for an HVAC tech if you order this product. Amazon customer support has been amazing btw.
Alexa is ridiculous. The thing wakes up with some ... Alexa is ridiculous. The thing wakes up with some high pitch sounds. I had a conference call and damn thing started speaking.
Five Stars perfect fit and quality, fun to use but installation was complicated in older ac units
Five Stars Works great and is very convenient.
Forget the nest. Ecobee is the way to go Installed this thermostat about a mo th ago. I like it so far. Gets the job done. Very easy installation, have my humidifer installed to it as well. Once installed I barely even touch it. I control it all with my phone. The speaker is pretty loud, mine is in a hallway and echos down the house. So don’t even need to crank it up all the way. Everything is easy to use. There’s many smart thermostat out there but this is the only one I know that comes with the add a wire(needs a common wire) and a sensor to have a more comfortable home.
Five Stars Love the thermostat. Lots of functions.
Easy setup. Great functionality. Loves the features and control this gives you. Great instructions on how to install it with various configurations.
Five Stars Great product
love this thermostat love this thermostat, been several months now and very happy with the investment and even got $45 rebate from my power company.easy to install. small learning curve but not too bad.
Love that Amazon Alexa is right on my wall Wasn't too hard to install. Love that Amazon Alexa is right on my wall.
USER SET UP EASY!!!! One of the best user set up guides I've ever seen. The app gave detailed instructions along with video examples and options to test compatibility. Love the ability to add sensors to a room. We've always experienced hotter temperature in our bedroom but this solves that problem.
Seriously, one of the best "smart" home improvements we have made. Seriously, one of the best "smart" home improvements we have made. Easy to install, easy to set-up, easy to use. The best part to me is the ability to view (and change) the temp in your house from anywhere. Another great part is using the included remote sensor. Our house tends to be warmer in the living areas than in the dark hallway where the ecobee4 lives. Having the remote sensor gets the house cooling down (and warming up) a lot sooner than our old unit.
Great thermostat with easy to use app Very nice. Works as advertised. This winter we would turn it down if we were going to be out for several hours. About and hour before we returned we'd use the app to reset it it. An energy saver for sure. The Alexa connection works but we keep it off. I don't see the benefit of having an appliance listening in to us 24/7. I use my phone to control speakers, the Ecobee and lights through different apps and am happy doing so. Ecobee has related switches but I have not tried one yet.
I absolutely LOVE this thermostat I absolutely LOVE this thermostat! The Alexa feature is great! It was super easy to set up and is compatible with iHome.
Great Smart thermostat, not great as an Echo substitute. Pros: This is a very nice smart thermostat. It has a lot of great features for managing your household temperature and gives you control over every minute detail. I love the sensor and the ability for it to follow you and tweak the comfort level for the room you are occupying. The technical support for the install was amazing. They stayed on the phone with me for around 45 minutes while I did the install, as my old thermostat had a wire that wasn't standard. All of the thermostat functions worked perfectly right away.Cons: Awful as an Alexa device. The microphone pick up is very bad. I have to shout so loud that the Echo in a different room will sometimes respond before this device. Speaker quality is tinny and not really meant for music. The number of detailed functions you can control for your A/C unit can be overwhelming and may require some research and possible consult with your A/C dealer to ensure the best setting for your home/region.
Smart and sensor expandable This is an amazing product. The Alexa part doen't do a ton for me, but it is a nice inclusion. I have a 2 story house with a finished basement. I added 4 more sensors to cover the primary areas that are occupied throughout the day. I don't have my humidifier attached, but that is set up to automatically adjust to the air temperature from it's own outside thermometer. I feel like the house is more comfortable, but I don't have any measurable stats. I was able to get a rebate from focus on energy based on my utility provider.
Not easy to install Not easy to install, had to call an electrician and his comment was that Nest was way easier to install :( Their support line was not able to help guide the install. I had also called Amazon 2x to enquire what the professional installation service provided and both times was on hold for 20min then the call dropped. Also seemed like I was talking to someone out of country for they did not understand what I was asking :(
Five Stars Nest who?
I am going to replace the system with a Honeywell wireless like I have in one of my other houses I recently purchased the Ecobee 4 with sensor. I normally install such things myself but purchased the Amazon installation to ensure everything was hooked up correctly. Long story short, I am going to replace the system with a Honeywell wireless like I have in one of my other houses. My biggest complaint about the system is that whenever I put in a temperature change of one degree (up or down) the unit runs well past the desired temperature despite it being on HOLD. This occurs in both heat and a/c mode. I am replacing the unit because this is adding to my utility bill more than a builder's grade manual thermostat which are very basic. If the house is a little stale at 72 and I want to bump the a/c down to 71, I shouldn't realize a few minutes later that the house is at 68 and I have been running the a/c the entire time. Also, when there is a little chill in the house at 68 and I bump it up to 69 to take the chill off, I shouldn't realize when I start sweating that the house is now at 75. Very disappointed.
Don't buy it for the alexa ecosystem, otherwise a good thermostat. I have a pair of Nests in one rental, a pair of ecobee3 lites in my other rental property, and recently paired an ecobee4 with a variable speed Trane and 8 ton AC and an Ecobee3 lite to another Trane with 4.5 ton AC in my home in AZ.I love Ecobees, but the Alexa integration with this fall too short.Standing in front of it I have to use the wake word twice most of the time, it seems it sleeps or just ignores the first time.The microphones are miserable compared to a dot. I got the dot deal adding a dot for half of the normal price and after getting frustrated with the Ecobee4s waking I put the dot directly below the Ecobee4. I gave each a different wake word and tested all throughout the upstairs. The dot heard me every time except in the master closet 3 corners and 50 feet away. I had to repeat myself standing directly in front of the Ecbobee and it didn't hear me at all in any of the 5 bedrooms upstairs, even stranding in a doorway and aiming my voice to it would reflect off of the opposite wall.The other issue is no whole home sound integration. I know the speaker isn't much in it, but it doesn't support it at all.I have 6 echo products in this house and the Ecobees, if I didn't have to repeat myself to the Ecobee I would be content, but as it stands it's just not worth it over their older products.If you want Alexa, get an Ecobee3 and a dot. If you don't need the extra outputs get an Ecobee3 lite and pick up an Echo.The upside is that it is an Ecobee. It's a fantastic thermostat and can easily group multiple air handlers and be controlled as one, it's just not a good Alexa device.
the smart feature is a bit confusing to set up as ... the smart feature is a bit confusing to set up as was the homekit. Other than that, It's a cool looking thermostat the hopefully will save us money as advertised. I also wish the extra sensors were cheaper than $80 for 2.
burned out my HVAC control board ? I've had an Ecobee 4 for about 6 months, with the PEK installed due to no C wire. It's been awesome (5 stars) up until last night when my heat stopped working. Today the repair guy said that my Ecobee thermostat with PEK installed burned out my Lennox control board. He said it was the 3rd time he's seen this happen in the last 2 months. These are all new construction houses with brand new Lennox HVACs. He only works on new construction. There's no hard proof that the Ecobee caused the control board failure really, just too many times with brand new units for it to be a coincidence, he thinks. I suppose it could be a bad run of Lennox control boards.I'm wondering if anyone else out there has experienced the same thing?
Five Stars Worth it
Best on market right now Best smart thermostat on market right now, bonus that Alexa is built in.
Not worth the money - Bad customer service The external temperature is contracted with a company that doesn't really have any weather stations. They just "Calculate" the weather evidently. All apps showed the outside temp at 48 one day and the weather on the Ecobee showed 29. It stayed at 29 for 24 hours. No fluctuation at all.Called support - "We will send this to the weather group, it's a known issued". Can we deactivate - No. Can we choose another weather app - No. "We do have a work around, let me walk you through that" - So in other words your product doesn't work and you are doing nothing to fix it.If the weather was accurate, I think this would be a great product.But as for now - DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
I settled on this unit and I am very pleased with the results After looking at reviews online and comparing the two leading thermostats, I settled on this unit and I am very pleased with the results. We were in the process of upgrading our HVAC system and looking at the proposed thermostat we pulled the trigger on this unit. The professional installation went very smooth per the installer and the activation/registration on my end was smooth and painless. The installer actually asked where we purchased this from, so Amazon also received a plug. The unit has been in operation a little over a week now, and I have nothing but good things to say.
I found support to be quite helpful and their follow through excellent. (One thing though I read a few reviews that had me a bit concerned, but my Ecobee 4 setup and worked as expected with just one call to support (to get the info on adding a 24 volt transformer). I found support to be quite helpful and their follow through excellent. (One thing though, the transformer was not quite readily available. Tried Home depot and Wal-Mart, a then ordered from Amazon - arrived next day! Miss Radio Sback!).I also have an Echo Spot on the counter just a short distance from the thermostat. I ended up changing the Spot's wake word to Echo to prevent confusion..One item I'd like to see adjusted... when I step in front of the ecobee4, it shifts mode, and I lose the clock and weather symbols etc. Normally I do not need to make manual adjustments, so would prefer it stay in the display mode until I tap it.
great they cant make this easier. great product
Love it! Love this thing.
Seems easy to set up Finally got around to install this. Seems easy to set up. Turns out it's a faulty unit from Amazon Services. If I bought it from a 3rd party seller I could return it within 90. Didn't realize I only had a 30 day window through Amazon Services. Near impossible to find a way to contact someone to exchange this. Has a faulty sensor as well.
Five Stars My stars tell you my opinion.
One Star I could not install the EcoBee and you poor customer service. Don't buy this
It is awesome. Example Truly appreciate the technology this system provides and also ability to use sensors. As several of you may experience, one sensor alone is just not sufficient. Having the ability to have more than 1 sensor in my home has allowed the system to be much more advanced than anything else I have ever used. Instead of my home heat having spikes, the system stops when the average of sensors is met. It is awesome. Example: I set at 72 deg and my past system would hit 76 deg. Now the ecobee at worst goes up only 1 deg vs 5-8 deg delta.The "Alexa" beneif is a HUGE plus. It is great and also I HIGHLY recommend you call customer support after installing to assure you get most recent firmware. This will allow your ecobee to work with your amazon devices and working as it should.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Five Stars Works great
Still learning but the install was not bad. Had to call customer support due to a ... Loving my new thermostat. Still learning but the install was not bad. Had to call customer support due to a wiring question at my end and they were amazingly helpful. All is working great. Can’t wait to learn and use more features!
Sensors are the key The sensors are what set this apart from any other thermostat on the market. They helped to change my house from being hot or cold in certain rooms to a more uniform temp throughout the house. The Alexa built in is just a nice benefit if you do not already have an echo or echo dot in a room
Enjoy the remote sensors and Alexa features Very stylish design. Enjoy the remote sensors and Alexa features. Looking forward to updates that allow it to become part of music everywhere groups.
Buyer beware!!! If you do not have ... Buyer beware!!! If you do not have a c-wire buy a Nest instead. Ecobee support wanted me to spend $300 to get the Ecobee installed. Pay no attention to the compatibility checker. It will say your system is compatible but will not tell you that you have to run a c-wire.
Great product, but needs a strong wifi signal While I love having the ability to control my home heating/cooling while I am away, the Ecobee 4 has Wifi connectivity problems. After contacting support about the problem and reporting my wifi signal was 76%, they responded with "For the ecobee 4 a signal strength of above 80 is best. Below that the ecobee becomes unstable. Is is possible that you can move your router to see if you can strengthen the signal or to possibly get a wifi extender? " I feel the product should work with a signal as strong a mine. I wanted to let people know about this potential problem before buying. The product will still work when not connected to the internet, however you are not able to control it via the app.
Buy an ecobee3 instead with an echo dot, and save yourself the headaches. First, the thermostat features of this device is great.That said, I just upgraded from an ecobee3 to a 4 for the Alexa functionality. You have to SCREAM at the ecobee4 for Alexa to wake up. I don’t mean just talk louder. I mean make a cone with two hands around your mouth and scream “ALEXA”! All while standing about 4 feet away from the device.When I do this, the echo dot that’s in my BASEMENT (can’t make this up) wakes and waits for a command. That’s with the door to the basement closed.I feel like I’m being trolled by ecobee.
Avoid - If you like 67 degrees in the winter - it's for you. Hours on the phone with India tech support - it's for you.
My first smart thermostat and probably my last My first smart thermostat and probably my last. Decided to go with this one so I could try out Alexa too. Sure it looks nice but not sure if it's really saved me any money. Two things I don't really like: If you manually set the temperature, it sticks to that until you cancel it. Doesn't seem very smart ? Alexa also comes on VERY often. This is concerning for me and as I only really using Alexa to find out what time it is, I will probably be disabling this feature. The speaker is very loud though.
Installation was a pain. Thinking of of replacing your Nest with this? Don't bother until you've researched. My Nest took 20 minutes to install. This one has sapped four hours of my life. The nice thing about the Nest is it has a battery negating the necessity of a C wire thus making it a much more versatile choice for a smart Thermostat. The Ecobee REQUIRES the C wire because it has no battery to keep it charged. If you don't have a C wire, and you aren't an HVAC specialist, you could probably hire someone local to install it for you. Many HVAC places carry Ecobee thermostats.After trying to add the PEK module to my furnace, we were missing the Y wire. I called support and pretty much cut him off when it sounded like he wanted me to figure out where a wire went throughout the walls in my house. So the other stories about their customer service having people walk around in crawl spaces sounds about right. Their CS was also sort of rude in the way they talked over you when you were trying to explain something.Fortunately after I hung up with customer service, I noticed that I DID have a C-wire. I had a stray blue wire just hanging out of the thermostat wire bundle and wasn't connected to the furnace, and I had to fish it out of the wall from behind the thermostat and connect it. So fortunately it was a happy ending, but if I had known it was going to be this much of a pain, I'd just have stuck with my Nest.So far the thermostat is okay. Setting the temperature isn't as easy as turning the outside of the thermostat, but I do like the sensor that I can put in our smaller bedroom at night so that it prioritizes the temperature in the room before the living room where the thermostat is installed. In that way, it's a smarter smart thermostat.
Doesn’t work. Do not recommend Doesn’t work. Do not recommend.
Easy to install and use! I bought this through a rebate program offered by my utilitiy company. I was nervous about changing out my thermostat on my own, but their instructions are very detailed and easy to follow. Alexa is a great plus- I’ve now been beaten by my thermostat at Jeopardy three times. I don’t know how wise it is to admit that in public, but here we are. :)
installation went great. I opted to run new wire for all ... Works as expected. Alexa is a little hard of hearing sometimes. But that may be because I have 2 other devices in other rooms close by that I think pick up my command verse the ecobee. installation went great. I opted to run new wire for all the connections but it came with the splitter.
This is a great thermostat, and the addition of Alexa voice controls ... This is a great thermostat, and the addition of Alexa voice controls is a real plus. The speaker is actually better than many reviewers have suggested, and the voice recognition is excellent. Installation is not terribly difficult unless you've got an unusual HVAC setup. Temperature control is very precise, much more so than the mercury thermostat it replaced.
I guess it overheard something that sounded like "Alexa let's chat It was then that I realized I was having a conversation ... with my thermostat.I guess it overheard something that sounded like "Alexa let's chat."Just wish it had a swamp cooler adapter. You basically get an echo dot for free, in my house it's a bit overkill. I would say that it's better to get this than a nest and a dot.
One Star Really bad software on device and the mobile app. Slow. Scheduling sucks.
Latest App updates made this worse to use. You used to be able to control the thermostat with the Apple Watch app which is great when you don’t want to wake up your partner in the middle of the night. Now they deleted that app and made the fonts smaller in the main app for no reason other than to make it less easy to use. I’d look elsewhere for a thermostat these guys are loosing the plot.
Disappointing....a VERY expensive thermostat no smarter than my old $20 one. I was really excited about getting a smart thermostat after reading about them in online reviews. They made them sound so configurable, and being in IT, and someone who loves to tinker and get into the guts of electronic devices, I looked forward to installing one, but have to admit to this being a real letdown.I purchased this thermostat directly from ComEd because of the instant rebate, but I have to say if i purchased it elsewhere for full price, I may have returned it. I can only assume all the glowing reviews by the big tech review websites are being paid for them, because although this device does do some handy things, it totally falls down on most of the so-called "smart" features that are advertised:"SMART" Recovery: This feature is an utter joke. It is supposed to learn over time how long it takes to wam or cool your house back to the desired temperature, but never does. Instead, it starts heating or cooling about 2 to 3 hours before the set time and just runs and runs unnecessarily. Sure, you have all these options to enter like the sq, ft. of your home, number of bedrooms, etc. LOL. Setting them do as much good as pushing the "close door" button in an elevator, and I'm convinced they are added to give the illusion of the feature actually working and using them. This is a simple calculation. It should not take more than 2 or 3 days to zero in, and it can't. The programmers could fix it in 20 minutes. Why don't they? Epic fail."SMART" Home/Away: This is supposed to override your schedule for HOME if the sensors detect no motion, and AWAY if they do. The only problem is, they have hard coded absurd delays into the unit, which again, instead of save energy, consume more! Leave the house with the schedule set to away after the sensors saw you, and it won't alter until a full 2 HOURS after you left. So your heater or A/C just keeps chugging for nothing, totally ignoring the fact your schedule is set to AWAY. Plus it won't assume you're home when set to away for 30 minutes, so you can either freeze or sweat until it's convinced you're there. And like so many other areas, Ecobee will not give the user the ability to customize the settings to their liking. This thermostat is more like an IPhone rather than Android. They will decide the parameters and settings, and "you will like it or too bad" When I shell out hundreds for something, *I* want full control. Give us an "Advanced" mode, or stop saying your gadget is "smart" It's really not.I will say the remote temp sensor is nice, and I like that it is controlling my humidifier now so I don't have to worry about it, but other than that, for the selling price, I could buy 2 dozen digital thermostats that do 90% of what this does.I didn't buy it for that dumb Alexa crap, so I don't really care if that works or not.
Great thermostat, no so great baked in Alexa skills The "Alexa" portion of this device leaves much to be desired. It doesn't "hear" you very well and its built in speaker isn't all that loud. In addition, there is no Bluetooth so you can't connect this to a speaker for better sound. You'd be better served buying the Ecobee 3 and an Echo dot with a wall mount.
Easy to install Works really well. Easy to install, i did it myself and I have zero electrical knowledge. I think every house should have one.
so good. so far, so good.
better than NEST Works well, better than NEST. Needs improvement on the UX.
Climate control via cell phone makes your home even more comfortable. I love this thing. Just being about to adjust the temp from my bed makes it worth every penny. Hot summer nights and cold winter nights, and transitioning from a sleep time temp to a waking temp are no longer the uncomfortable nuisance they once were.
Really disappointing. I really don't care for how this works. The sensors are there, and that's why I bought it. But it will get sweltering in room 1 when it's occupied and the other unoccupied room gets cold but is still factored into the average. I expect the other room to get cold, but who cares if not occupied. The average system they use really sucks. So does the odd control scroll for setting the temperature. I'm glad Nest is coming out with their own sensor system and it sounds like you can set the temperature to the room. I can't wait to rip this thing out.
Very happy with the thermostat and incredibly impressed with the service Very happy with the thermostat and incredibly impressed with the service. The tech sat on the phone with me and walked me through how to wire the unit and even work on my furnace.
b'Love it ?? Very easy to use. Love the Alexa function. Wish it had a decent speaker for when I listen to music. Very easy to adjust temperature.'
It works as advertised! We are very happy with this.. We are not using Alexa with it but the web app is easy to set up and use. My husband installed it and it went pretty well. The best thing about it for us is being able to set up detailed day-by-day schedules. We haven't had it long enough to be able to tell if it makes a big difference to the heating bill but I think it will considering how often in the past we went away for a day or so and left the heat up.
I love the integration The quality is on point. I love the integration!!
Get the ecobee 3 and an echo dot instead I am really happy with the thermostat functions themselves. However, I bought the ecobee 4 for the added ability to use Alexa and that's where the disappointment comes in. I usually have to YELL ALEXA two or three times before it recognizes me. I was under the impression that it would have the same mic sensitivity of other Alexa devices I own, but it doesn't compare. I would recommend buying the ecobee 3 and with the money you save purchase an echo dot for voice control.
Easy setup and works great The install was easy and the app for the phone walks you through step by step, which was great! I am overall very pleased with the product. My only complaint is that you cannot add this to a group withing the Alexa application because its not a core Amazon product. It would be great to be able to play the same music through this like the other amazon devices, to give you the same music in every room. Other than that it works as advertised.
Well put together and surprisingly useful - what a modern thermostat should be. We bought our EcoBee4 around the winter holidays. It has been a helpful update to our much more basic, older smart thermostat. We put one room sensor upstairs so my pregnant wife can have the temperature adjust to her when she works from home, and I can check the temperature from my phone, cpu, wherever.The Alexa functionality was also helpful over the holidays. We had the thermostat play holiday music while we hung out in the living room....odd but functional! All is all this has been a great modernization for our 1970's abode.
Good thermostat, but "smart" features seem marginal Honestly, I'm a bit disappointed in the Ecobee 4. I find the "smart" features provide only marginal value above much less costly Wi-Fi connected thermostats, and certainly not worth double the price of a few of them.Pros:-The Ecobee learns how long it takes to heat/cool your house, and preemptively starts heating/cooling to meet the desired temperature.-The room sensors are nice to help the Ecobee control the temperature for where you're at in the house. However, I've found this can also be a bit challenging with a two-story house and a single zone system as my upstairs will either be comfortable and the downstairs really cold (winter), or the downstairs comfortable and the upstairs way too warm. This is not entirely the fault of the Ecobee as there is only so much it can do with a single-zone system. What would be ideal is if it could remote open/close vents (these do exist) based on the corresponding room temperature to keep everything as even as possible.-I have not installed it yet, but I'm excited to connect it to my ventilator system for summer cooling so I can leave my AC on when I go to bed and the unit will automatically switch off the AC and switch over to pulling in outside air when the outside temperature drops enough. Frequently in the summer our temps get nice and and cool at night, but not until after we go to bed, so it's either leave the AC on or turn it off and the house heats up until later in the evening.-The app is simple to useCons:-Expensive, and limited value for the premium price over most other Wi-Fi enabled thermostats.-"Smart" features aren't really all that smart in my opinion. The smartest thing it does is sense when you're home or away outside of your normal schedule and adjust accordingly-Home IQ reports are buggy and of marginal value. First off, it took them almost three months for me to even get reports. Supposedly it needs one full calendar month of data before it can do reports, but it could get any reports until there were three full months of data. Once I did get the reports, I was woefully disappointed. They have some information that's cool like showing how you compare to your community (not sure how they define that). The "savings" are based off of benchmarks that have nothing to do with your prior operations, but rather just stacked against an arbitrary setting. For example, it claims I've saved $xx.xx since installation, but that's using a (heating) benchmark that's four degrees higher than I've ever set my thermostat to in the winter.-Temp change slider is not ideal to use. I've never used a Nest, but I can only imagine a dial would be much simpler to use than the virtual slider which is tricky to use - like to zoom past your desired temp and then you have to reverse until you get it right. A simple tap up and down would be more precise.-Alexa is marginal and buggy. I won't rehash all the reasons why Alexa isn't that great on here, but I will say that it's buggy. Ours randomly activated frequently until we ultimately unlinked it. We came home once to the unit playing music.
Nice, easy to read, works very well I purchased the thermostat1. My existing thermostat did not take outside temperature into account when it became too cold for my heat pump to function efficiently. The Wi-Fi function allowed it to switch over and back by using local outside temperature obtained online. I would sometimes forget to switch back from my expensive alternate fuel to the heat pump.2. The display on my existing thermostat was too dim and difficult to read.3. Changeover to DST and back is not automatic, but It took me a while to figure out why mine did not. It turns out that the ecobee gets its time from the wi-fi system installed in your location, and my wi-fi did not have DST enabled4. The thermostat learns how long it takes my house to heat in the morning, and starts the furnace in advance of the time the morning temperature for. I had to adjust it because I was allowing for warmup time which started the furnace heating too early.5. Bonneville Power and likely others is giving a $100 rebate for properly setting up a smart thermostat, it only took me a week to get my rebate.6. The included remote thermometer was installed in my TV room which tends to get cooler. It senses when its occupied and provides more heat.7. I don't find the Alexa feature to be useful, it works, but I have to hold the microphone button, so I'd never use it.
So far so good. My house is much more comfortable now that ... So far so good. My house is much more comfortable now that I have a way to monitor temperatures in other rooms.
This thermostat has been a great added convenience in our home This thermostat has been a great added convenience in our home. Being able to adjust thermostat from our cell phones has been great.
Alexa doesn't work in this thing. The thermostat is nice, and it functions will with the app. It only gets three starts though because of two factors: 1) manually selecting which sensor to use is difficult. 2) the built-in Echo Dot is garbage! It is barely functional. I had such high hopes for this, but I'm pretty disappointed.
the Ecobee4 has been awesome. My only complaint is you have to raise ... Shipped promptly. So far, the Ecobee4 has been awesome. My only complaint is you have to raise your voice for Alexa to recognize it. Hopefully the system remains consistent.
Works as expected and easy to install Works as expected and easy to install. The sensors are what set this apart from other smart thermostats. I just wish it came with a general guide to walk through all of the settings as it can be overwhelming if you don't know what they should be set to.
Five Stars Great installation instruction, and home automation works great!
Missing Parts - Disappointing Very disappointed - as I was ready to set up I opened the box and found that parts were missing. Someone must have returned and package wasn’t checked before resending it back out. Will be purchasing at a local store. Need to have better controls on returned product.
Five Stars Awesome
Hire an electrician quickly: 30 day policy Ecobee requires an electrician to set up with natural gas systems. Ecobee return policy is 30 days. When I got an electrician scheduled to install the device, it did not work. Ecobee will not replace or refund. Very dissatisfied. I spent $300 for the ecobee and $200 for an electrician to try to get it to work, doesn’t work. No refund! Boo Ecobee.
Wish I would have listened to the people that said DON'T BUY THIS!!!! I've had this for about a month now. BE WARNED!!!!!!! The Alexa on this is taking a break from her duties or something. Don't even waste your breath being in a different room and call her name. She's not responding. Even when I stand directly in front of her about 10 inches away, she still is giving me the middle finger and the silent treatment. Only when I yell (almost screaming) her name does she finally throw down the cigarette take off her headphones and responds. I have one Alexa in the living room and an Echo Look in the bedroom. Both of them are going crazy trying to pick up the slack for Ecobee4. I read all the reviews before I bought it. I wish I would have listened to all the ones that said don't waste your money on it.So, BE WARNED!!!!!!
Five Stars Beats the hell out of the nest.
Worth it! Worth every penny and HAVE recommended to many friends!Ours is paired to a Trane XV80 Variable Speed Furnace and a Trane XR16 17 seer A/C.We did not purchases ours through Amazon but from Xcel Energy because they had a deal around Christmas where I paid $125 due to rebates, plus we receive a $25? or $50? annual rebate because its a smart thermostat.I do not use the Alexa functionality much since I have an Echo three feet from this on the other side of the wall, but I do love being able to see the outside temp and inside humidity as I walk by.I love the app and do most of my adjustments from the app. It is worth the money to be able to turn the heat up while in the basement to warm it up a bit then just return the system to its regular schedule without getting off the couch...same thing when you are in bed in the morning and you have to wake up earlier than your schedule you can just turn the heat on with your phone.I have bought extra sensors from Amazon when I saw them at $69 and now have three in my house and they work relatively well to balance out the heat so far this winter. But I will see in the Summer how it goes and will most likely buy two more sensors for my other two bedrooms not covered by sensors yet.I wish I had a fancy humidifier that I could control with this but I still have to go down to the basement to adjust the humidity levels.I honestly don't know if this thermostat has helped with my heating bill, but I replaced my a/c and furnace and had Aeroseal seal my ducts (they use a liquid sealant that is blown in and then hardens into basically a caulking material. I believe it can seal up to a 1/4" gap and I was losing literally a ton of air or 35% per their computer and when they were done they got me down to only an 8% loss of air (issue in my basement) and it has made all the difference! I highly suggest this and for my 3200 sq ft. house it cost me $1850 through my HVAC contractor) and with the addition of the ecobee4, I have been saving at least $50 a month on my heat bill. No lie, I used to average $200+ a month in the winter or worse if it was a super cold month and lately I have barely been above $150 on electric and gas combined.Get one, I love mine!
Love it! However Love it! However, I gave it to my bf, since it was not compatible with carrier brand heater/AC unit. Carrier made their units not compatible with the Ecobee or anything else like this. Carrier made it where you have to purchase there’s. If you have a Carrier unit. Save yourself the disappointment not being able to use the Ecobee.
I like it. Very well-designed I like it. Very well-designed.My utility company gave me a $50 rebate when I purchased it and another $50 rebate because I allow them to adjust my temperature remotely a couple of degrees when they are experiencing excessive power usage.
QUALITY AND SERVIC Today finished setting up ecobee4 and Alexa.So pleased with its many functions - also many more delights to come.ecobee and Amazon- Number ONE !!!!ecobeee's SUPPORT TEAM are priceless especially if you are a do it yourselfer...Their system is flawless in that they share options and invite follow up- if neededecobee and Amazon---THANK YOU!!!!GERRY W
best thermostat on the market This company has the best customer service team ever, the install was very easy and they helped me with so much. I called them and just emailed them a few pictures and the rep spent the whole time on the phone with me. They were patient and when I thought i would need the power pack he showed me how to do it without which was a huge relief.The app is easy to use and adding sensors is a breeze.Alexa work well on the device, however if it is playing music or making noise the mic does not pick up the wake work very easily. Generally to stop an action I have to walk over and push the "to talk button"
Worth Every Penny! After having several digital thermostats this was our first smart thermostat. We’ve been using it now for two months and I can safely say it is worth every penny. The device is well made and easy to use. It’s design compliments our older home while still providing modern touches. The iPhone app is simple and well maintained even supporting the new iPhone X.The device itself is a thermometer and thermostat in one, but comes with a separate thermometer sensor to place in another room. We bought two other sensors so that we can cover our small four room house. The thermostat and sensors track where motion is and average out the temperatures to ensure the house is well heated.Though we have a new furnace with humidifier, we do not have dampers so the sensors only act as temp/motion sensors but this is still well worth it. At night when the house cools faster than the bedroom, the furnace knows not to turn the heater on until the average of all four roooms equals the set temp. This keeps our bedroom for heating far higher than the other rooms, which makes sleeping more pleasant. The main unit also tracks the humidity indoors and turns our humidifier on as needed.The wall unit has a simple interface that shows the time, indoor temp, and outdoor local temp. The face is not overly busy or distracting like most thermostats. When you go near the thermostat it senses you and displays the settings menu. The menu mirrors the mobile app so it is easy to remember how to use.Long story short, if you are researching and unsure what smart thermostat to go with, I would sway you to try the Ecobee. I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised with your decision (we were).
Not compatible with my system. Needs 3 wires for ... Not compatible with my system. Needs 3 wires for setup/install. Returned, but only a partial refund due to return date delayed while waiting for electrician to provide quote.
Best lifesaving, money saving! And it’s an ECHO DOT in the hallway! As a disabled caregiver of an 87 year old, this has been a lifesaver and when summer comes to the desert, it will save us many many 100s.I am able to turn off and on from my phone, schedule, use Alexa, turn it off on, heat in morning and cook for the 1 hour it bakes in here.I was PLEASANTLY SURPRISED TO DISCOVER there is an ECHO DOT in the thermostat! Nice as we don’t have one in living room, and she hears me.I would like to know if it needs batteries or some sort of maintainence. I had all these smart home things installed and don’t know if they need batteries.But, these smart devices are enabling me to stay at home & care for my mom. I can barely walk and not ready for wheelchair & no longer need to freeze or be too hot when I’m in too much pain to get up and change the thermostat.
I bought 4 of these and I wouldn't buy them ... I bought 4 of these and I wouldn't buy them again. They are overpriced for what they do and they don't do much. You can't change the call name from Alexa. They are much slower and a lot less efficient than a standard Echo, and I always end up adjusting them manually anyway. I wouldn't bother with the Alexa enabled thermostats.
Five Stars I love it easy to install and tech help was excellent.
Five Stars Easy to install and set up.
Maybe an update will make this product decent one day? Functionally its great as it’s basically exactly the same as the ecobee 3 but the Alexa portion has horribly implemented. The microphone is totally useless. Basically all over devices in my house are more likely to hear my voice prompt when I standing right in front of it. I’ve essentially turned the microphone off it’s been so annoying but other than that it’s really great lol.
Very happy. Item arrived as promised, and works perfectly. Very happy.
Works as designed. Easy to install. Excellent thermostat was a breeze to install. I have to hand it to the Tech Writers of this thermostat - they did a FANTASTIC job! Works well with Alexa. remote app via Alexa or Ecobee works as advertised. I'm buying another (actually 2 more) for my parents house.
BEST Smart Thermostat with remote sensor out there! Effortless installation and setup. I purchased primarily on remote sensor capabilities, but also on the excellent reviews. Alexa was a plus, but it's a great unit without. Top quality customer service on wiring questions.
Battery in the sensor died in less than two months Battery in the sensor died in less than two months. According toe the ecobee website, they are supposed to last up to four years. Contacted support, only resolution is to go buy a new one. Great resolution. Either there is something wrong with the sensor or your shipping with dead batteries.
Definitely a 5 Star product! I have had this ecobee 4 for over a year now, and it does everything the advertising says. It even gives warnings if there is some issue with the furnace, a feature we found extremely helpful this past winter. Our repairman used the message to help troubleshoot the problem and return heat to our house, a very welcome outcome! Otherwise, the settings are easy to maintain, checking status from anywhere on our iPhones make for peace of mind, and it just works! We could not be happier!
Terrible Support, Defective Product Terrible Support, Defective Product!Tried to install this, of course I ran into some snags. They asked me to purchase a "common-maker" device and install it. Once I purchased that second device, it was clear this was no longer a DIY task.Hired an electrician to come out and install, several others refused to do the work. When he got here he said he would install it, but doubted it would work. It did not, and ecobee refused to take back the device which is now useless. Avoid!!!
Five Stars Much better than Nest
Too Bad It's So Ugly I would love to buy this as it is HomeKit compatible and Google Nest is not, BUT GOD, THIS IS BUTT-UGLY. Big black amorphous blob that inexplicably sticks out awkwardly from the wall. Maybe they will hire a creative product designer someday.
Alexa doesn't work as well as it should but its all good now I am giving this Ecobee4 three stars primarily because Alexa does not work as well as it should. We purchased this product because we wanted to use Alexa to automate our condo and our thermostat is right in the middle of our unit. I can literally stand three feet from this unit and address Alexa and my Dot twenty feet away will recognize me better than the Ecobee. Not sure why it doesn’t pick up as well as the Dot but it just doesn’t so the primary reason we purchased this is less than satisfactory. Now for some pointers for anyone installing one of these. I paid for the professional installation and the young man they sent out was professional, prompt and very nice. He hooked it all up but after he left I realized it was not recognizing heat. They came back immediately and rewired it and now I had a heat setting. Several days later I turned on the heat and while the unit blew it did not blow hot air. It was just the fan. Thinking it was not the unit, I had an AC company come out to check the unit. Unfortunately, the AC guy struggled with this. Not because its complex but because the wires from my unit were apparently convoluted. After an hour and a half of lamenting about it, I finally convinced him to just track the wires from the unit on the roof to the air handler to the thermostat and “we” got it all working. Its not complicated if your wires are color coded correctly. Ours were not and therefore we had to track them through. If you have a newer house, I can’t imagine this would be an issue. I will tell you to leave the wiring harness in the box. The Amazon installer used it and it just confused the AC guy. We removed it and just ran it through. I will give Ecobee support 5 stars. While the AC guy was there I got on a chat with them and they were exceptional. Very helpful and clear. I called them the next day because resetting everything killed Alexa. They walked me through resetting it very concisely and were great to work with. So while it took me much longer to actually get it installed than I expected, it does work now and I can control it remotely and through Alexa whether the thermostat itself, the Dot or my Alexa or Ecobee apps. I added some Meross plugs and now I can control everything worth controlling in my 1300 sf condo which is exactly where I wanted to be after downsizing from the 5000 sf McMansion. I can walk out the door and know everything is good for whenever I get back.
Alexa mic is bad on ecobee4, get a ecobee3 plus echo dot instead I bout an Ecobee4 for my downstairs system, and still dont know what the sensor is practically useful for. The Alexa-Enabled branding is a gimmick, as the microphone is horrible on this device!! I had to get another Echo dot in my living room, 2 feet away from the Ecobee4 (and I turned the microphone off on the Ecobee4) to have an Alexa device there.I ended up buying an Ecobee 3 lite for my upstairs system and it does the exact same thing (except Alexa and sensor).To surmise, don't waste your money on the Ecobee4 if you think you will use the Alexa features, and instead get the Ecobee3 lite plus an Echo dot (still cheaper and works way better).
excelent tstat w/sensor On time delivery, excelent tstat w/sensor. I put the sensor in my master room and unit iscontrolled at nigth with my sensor in my master. Works like a champ. Also alexa works and I can play music on the tstat too.
Install was pretty simple as I had the 5 required wires at ... Install was pretty simple as I had the 5 required wires at my existing thermostat. The sensor (placed in my living room) has alleviated my hot living room issue while gaming. Setting the "sleep mode" to ignore it, and use its internal sensor at night keeps my bedroom cool for blanket time :-) I may get more sensors, but they're expensive. Also, the Alexa works great. I leave it playing classical music for whenever I pass by, and I also used it to order a pizza.
Good smart thermostat I have three zones in the house (one on each floor) and unfortunately one thermostat can’t control all the zones, so I needed three thermostats and I decided to this 4 along with 2 Ecobee3 lite thermostats. Because of the locations of my old thermostats in my home, only one location was well suited for the voice capability of the 4, so the Ecobee3’s, I use for the other zones in the house.Included with the thermostat is the wiring backplate, power extender kit (PEK), installation screws/anchors, installation guide, wire labels, one room sensor, stand, and trim plate. The installation guide is actually very clearly written and easily understandable, making the actual installation easy to do. The installation manual only gives a brief (and I mean very brief) overview of the thermostats features. Even though there is a decent online user manual for the 3, oddly, there is no online user manual for the 4, other than several support articles. That is fine for the basic functions of the device as it is fairly similar to the 3, but Ecobee really should compile the support articles for the 4 into a good online manual, instead of users having to sort through various articles to find answers specific to the 4. The voice features and how to activate with Amazon is not very well documented either.The three major differences with the 4 and the 3 lite (other than the 4 being slightly bigger and thicker), are the voice feature, included room sensor, is the ability to control other things such as dehumidifiers and ventilators. The 4 can control those and the 3 lite cannot. Both the 3 and 4 can use the sensors, but sensors have to be purchased separately for the 3 and of course there is no onboard Alexa control with the 3 lite, but both the 3 and 4’s can be control by smart speakers, if you have one.Installation is basically the same for both models of Ecobee. The install is pretty easy and took me about 20 to 30 minutes per thermostat. The install itself is quicker, but I had to fix the previous screw holes and paint the wall behind the previous thermostats because I didn’t want to use the trim plate. The included instructions walk you through each install step with good illustrations.Start the install by shutting the breakers off for system (mine had a total of 3 breakers for the A/C and furnace) and removing the old thermostat and wires (taking a picture of the wires and labeling before removing is recommended). Depending on your system, you may need to use the PEK extender if you don’t have a C wire. My system has the C wire and so I didn’t use the extender. If you need to use the extender, the instructions are pretty clear and only adds a couple minutes to the install.If you don’t want to fix the holes and paint the wall like I did, you can use the trim plate. I decided against using the trim plate as I think it detracted from the cool look of the thermostat and looked ugly on the wall with its basic white plastic look. To me, it is too large and stands out way too much. If the thermostat was larger, it might not be as noticeable, but with the current Ecobee size, I didn’t like it the trim plate at all. For me, the small screw hole fix and small amount of painting was worth the work over using the trim plate.Next is the wiring plate which is installed with two wall anchors and screws. The anchors themselves are not particularly great quality and bend easily, so you have to be careful inserting them into the drill holes in the wall or they will bend. I replaced them with better quality anchors. The key to installing the wiring plate is making sure the plate is level. Ecobee smartly puts a bubble level on the wiring plate, making that easy to do.After that is a matter of matching the labeled wires to the slots on the wiring plate. I do wish the wire labels were a bit stickier as they tend to slide around and sometimes fall off the wires during install. I had a couple labels fall of during installation, but luckily not at the same time. The terminal blocks are not the easiest to insert the wires in place as it is hard to tell if they are locked in place sometimes. I think they need to improve the design of the wiring terminals to make them easier to use and easier to tell if they are locked in place. After the wires are connected, attach the thermostat to the wiring plate and turn on the breakers and proceed with the thermostat setup. I tested the first thermostat by powering up before I completed installing my other two thermostats.The Ecobee walks you through the initial setup and like the install is pretty easy. I did have an initial glitch with the very first thermostat that I installed as it errored upon initial registration. It turns out that I should have registered my Ecobee account first instead of trying to do that at the same time when I registered the thermostat. If you don’t you may get an error when trying to register a thermostat, like I did. A quick call to customer support quickly resolved the issue. I recommend setting up your Ecobee account first and getting the phone app prior to the thermostat power up to help make the setup painless.The Ecobee4 includes the one sensor but I do plan to add more later. The sensor was very easy to install as you simply hold near the thermostat, pull the plastic battery tab and the thermostat automatically recognize it and asks to add it. The sensor is a simple square design with a logo and can be put on the wall or on the included stand. I do wish there was some low battery indicator on both the sensor and the app to tell you when the battery is low or dead as some time may pass before you notice it is time to change the battery. I think the added sensors are also a bit pricy at roughly 30 to 40 dollars each.I explored the various support articles, the Ecobee3 online manual as well as exploring the various settings to learn the features of the thermostat and the app. For the most part, the thermostat is fairly easy to understand and logically organized. I did have to look up some specific settings, such as how to connect to my google home speaker (it can also be connected to Alexa), which can control each of the thermostats and how to set up specific settings such as the reminders and sleep settings. The voice feature and connecting to Amazon should be better documented as I have looked up support articles for those things more than anything else, making setup for that feature less user friendly than it should be. I tried to connect this to my Honeywell Z-wave system, but it doesn’t look like it is compatible as I didn’t have any luck at doing so.The thermostat looks cool on the wall. The touch screen is very responsive, with my only complaint being some of the icons and the keyboard being a bit smaller than I would like. You can change the temperature, view the current forecast, set schedules and adjust the settings. I set all three of my thermostats to automatically switch between heat and cool, which to me is beneficial for those times of the year that are in between the seasons. You can manually set to either heat or cool as well if you so choose.One small thing with the thermostats is that when I set the reminder about changing the filters, I get an email saying that I last changed the filter in 2014, even though I set it to Feb 2018. I assume that is just a small bug because it defaults to 2014, when you first enable. I don’t think it should send that email until after you adjust the date setting for the last filter change and save it, but the reminders page seems to lack a save feature though. An added save feature might solve that bug in the reminder area as that would only activate the reminder after hitting save would be an easy fix for that. Hopefully Ecobee will fix that in future updates.The display is not overly bright and dims when not in use, automatically brightening when you walk near it. One thermostat is in my bedroom and I didn’t notice it all when I was trying to sleep. The display is easy to read, even from across the room.One thing I do wish this had was a learning feature like the Nest. I like the room sensor idea but without those, it really should have the ability to learn. It is programmable though and has pre-programmed settings for sleep, home and away along with geofence capabilities. I do think the schedule programming could be a bit easier and more feature rich than it is.The Ecobee app is pretty similar in look and feel to the thermostats and online web portal, making navigation simpler to learn and use. I do wish they would allow you to add user logins for other individuals in the home instead of having to use the same login for each app user.So far, I have had no network or connection issues with the thermostats, but that may depend on your network setup and range of your router. I use a Netgear R7000 AC router and an EX8000 extender so there are no dead spots in the home, so I usually don’t have any connections issues with any device.The one thing that I think is an issue with these thermostats is the lack of a rechargeable battery backup or ability to put batteries into the thermostat. If the power goes down, then the thermostat has to reboot again. I would prefer to at least have a AA battery slot for maintaining the thermostat’s power in a low power state when the power goes out with the thermostat being able to send a signal to the app, letting you know in an emergency that there is no power to your heating/AC system.Probably, the biggest difference with the 4 versus the 3’s is the Alexa voice capabilities. I think it is a pretty cool feature (although a pricey addition) for the thermostat. If I had better thermostat locations in the home, I would have gotten all Ecobee4’s, just to get that capability. If you already have smart speakers though, you can pretty much do the same with the lower cost 3’s. In this case, I got the 4 for my bedroom, so I can just shout out to the thermostat without having to move from the comfort of the bed. I can adjust temperature, get the weather forecast, play some trivia games, get a joke, and play music just by asking the thermostat to do so. I won’t say this is as capable as a smart speaker as some voice features are limited and not as expansive on the thermostat versus a smart speaker and there are times it doesn’t quite understand what you are asking. Some features are also limited to your Amazon account as well, depending on whether you have prime or prime music for example.Pros:Cool lookResponsive, easy to see displaySmart featuresAlexa voice capability to control thermostat, among other thingsAlexa microphone is pretty decentSpeaker is decent considering its size and location on thermostatAuto heat/cool featureGeofencing capabilityEnergy savings capabilitiesEasy to use appEasy to understand installation instructions/easy to installEasy to setup and use (see cons)Works with Alexa, Google homeAuto dim/auto detect featureWeather forecast featurePossible price rebates from power companies (depending on your location)Works for most systems and system devicesOne room sensor includedESP now added as a feature (for those with several smart speakers)Alexa light can now be disabled (with latest firmware update)Good 3/5 Year warrantyCons:Expensive (unless there are utility rebates available in your area)One thermostat may be needed for each zoneNo battery backup capabilitySome initial registration glitches possibleSome Alexa features limitedSome icons and keyboard a bit smallNo learning featuresScheduling could be a bit betterNo ability to add additional user login’s for appWiring plate could be easier to install wires and lock them in placeUgly large trim plateWall anchors aren’t great qualityWire labels fall off too easy during installSpeaker sound isn’t as good as smart speakersExtra room sensors a bit expensive/sensors lack a low battery indicatorNo user manual included in packageNo online user manual documenting features, only various support articlesSmall bug in reminder settingsOuter case not as stylish as the metal ringed Nest thermostatNot Z-wave compatibleI do think the thermostats are a bit expensive, but depending on the area you live, your local utility (like mine) might have a deal or rebate on these at nearly half off, making these a pretty good deal for one of the coolest and smartest thermostats out there.4 stars
Good smart thermostat and love the remote sensors Good smart thermostat and love the remote sensors. The app is half as good as nest though and the Alexa microphones are half as sensitive as an echo dot. In the end don’t buy it for Alexa and don’t upgrade from a nest.
Coming from a NEST guy, I was impressed with ... Coming from a NEST guy, I was impressed with the install and the features. The Alexa integration is deal clincher.
Great first smart home device Great smarthome product, this was the first device I picked up. What was really nice is the app and easy integration to alexa, its great being able to turn on the heater while still laying in bed.Also we put the sensor in our babys room so we dont have to worry about her getting too cold at night now.
Awesome, awesome awesome Awesome,awesome awesome
Great Smart Thermostat for Apple HomeKit & Alexa Smart Home Users  Ecobee 4Apple Connected Home and the ecobee4TL;DRExcellent connected thermostat for Alexa + Apple HomeKit users. Alexa, Siri & HomeKit integration is great, speaker is decent, voice commands work well. Customer support is amazing!We were fortunate to be early ecobee4 users and have nothing be great things to say about this product. We’ve now had the device for a few months and can give it a thorough and honest review.Build QualityOne thing to start off with is that this is a great looking thermostat. It doesn’t have aluminum like a Nest but it still looks classy.Device User InterfaceThe user interface on the device is simple to learn and fairly responsive. The screen isn’t a high resolution screen but is still clear and fairly crisp. Touch input is responsive since the screen is a capacitive touch screen.iOS AppThe iOS app basically mirrors the device UI. It take a bit to connect to the device over Wifi when the app is launched which delays quick minor adjustments. The app could use some work. Luckily it’s not needed since Alexa Voice Service & Siri work extremely well with this thermostat.Voice Control & Home Automation- Alexa Voice Service, Siri & Apple HomeKitThis is where the device shines. Our home has a lot of connected devices, a mixture of Apple HomeKit & Alexa being at the center of our home’s ecosystem. This device is perfect for that since it plays with both systems. When I’m near one of the few echo dots in our home, a simple command to Alexa will activate the thermostat, turn up the temp, turn it down, turn it off. If I’m in an area where I don’t have an echo dot, simple cannons to Siri on my Apple Watch or iPhone does the job. I can quickly get temperature readings of our kids room with a simple voice command with the room sensor by asking Alexa or Siri. The ease of controlling the thermostat via voice is really useful, especially if you have a medium/large home and the thermostat is inconveniently located.Room SensorThe room sensor is a great accessory. Our heating is a bit uneven on the upper floor (some rooms get hotter than others, we don’t have zones setup and flaps have minimal distribution effect with our vents) so I have a remote room temperature sensor in our kids room and use that sensor for temperature automation in the evening time. We then have the ecobee use the main unit’s sensor for temperature monitoring during the day time.Overall excellent product
Hope itll pay for itself Really love the extra control and efficiency. Happy with the purchase.
Stopped working after 8 months Got the Ecobee 4 July Last year and was impressed by the ease of setup and use and initially loved it. However this last Monday it inexplicably stopped calling for my AC to turn on. If I restarted the unit it would call for the AC To turn on as soon it it booted up but would turn it off after about 2 minuets every time. If I bypassed the thermostat everyone would remain on. I reset the ecobee took it off the wall reinstalled the mounting plate and wires. No luck. Called support who asked for pics of the wiring which I sent and they confirmed the wiring was fine. Spent a hour on the phone troubleshooting and they finally reluctantly admitted it was a bad unit so they would replace it. They were unable the provide a timeframe for the replacement they said normally around 10 days which is unacceptable in South Texas to be without AC for that long. Went to best buy and bought a Nest. Took 10 min to install and works perfectly.
Work great and generally as described Work great and generally as described. However after only a few weeks Alexa stopped working altogether on my downstairs thermostat. What's the point of buying the ecobee 4 without having Alexa actually working.
Go buy a Nest. Looks nice, but seriously lacking in feature. Mobile app isn't well designed. Biggest failure is the lack of tracking or presenting any usage history. If you want to know how much energy you are using, you might as well wait for your electric/gas bill to arrive. They take 10 days - after each month to generate usage reports, and you must log in their website to get them. Not available on screen or in the mobile app. And... They aren't worth anything. How can you make a change before your bill arrives if you have to wait until the end of the month?! Worthless device, in that respect. I've spent a year trying to discuss the problem with support, as have others. They refuse to improve the product. Go buy a Nest. I've had both. You can have usage data immediately on the thermostat. Simple, easy, done.
Not Compatible w/Bryant System If connected, we would lose (at least) the two airflow speed (low or high) function. The airflow will always be on high. Too late to return. Have not decided to connect and lose function(s) or sell.
Five Stars Very nice stuff thanks!!!
Best smart thermostat by far This is the one to get if you're shopping for a smart thermostat. Works brilliantly, features are great, easy to install. This smokes the nest. My kids love playing with Alexa. This is the only Alexa device we have. I think my 11 year old son has a crush on her. HomeKit compatibility was a big factor in my decision, but quite frankly I never use that even though I have several other accessories I use in the home app. I prefer to just use the ecobee app for the thermostat. You have more features/control and the UI is better.
Poor Alexa Integration Coming from the ecobee3, I thought it would be good to have the integrated Alexa feature and retire my Amazon Echo dots. BAD IDEA! The integration is half-baked. Almost every day now I get the response, "Sorry, I need a minute" from the ecobee4.This issue was apparently corrected some months ago, but it appears it was not. All my other WiFi devices connect fine on both bands and behave normally. The two ecobee4s do not work as advertised. Stay away from the Alexa feature!Have tried SEVERAL times to work with ecobee support on the problem. They have even told me no one else has reported the problem with Alexa. That is a flat out lie. Even here on Amazon you see the reports.
Five Stars Great product
Great product, bad sound for Alexa feature. This was the only thermostat that I could find with an additional sensor. When I first received the ecobee and installed it, my system was not working properly. After a phone call and an email with their help line, everything worked as expected. I did not need the Alexa feature, but this model was on sale. We have multiple Alexa devices and use them for music. The speaker in this unit is not for music. Very low quality sound and scratchy. When it comes to the app, it is very slow to respond. Overall I am happy with the product, I just think for the money they could tweak a few things. Surprised that Amazon let them put the Alexa feature in it with such bad sound.
But Alexa on this device is useless. Power requirements are really high to run this Works really well as a digital thermostat. But Alexa on this device is useless. Power requirements are really high to run this. Tech support will ask for pictures every time which is really annoying.
Took me almost a month to decide whether or not I wanted to go ecobee4 or nest and I'm glad I settled on the ecobee. Took me almost a month to decide whether or not I wanted to go ecobee4 or nest and I'm glad I settled on the ecobee. Honestly, I still think the nest looks better, but the reason I went with this is cause it has the room sensors. Its cool it has Alexa built in but we use it more as a novelty just for a laugh or two. Its disappointing that I can't just say Alexa turn up or down the heat though. When I do it says this device does not support that. One thing I'll say about Alexa is that it impressed me that it could hear me from all the way down the hall from either the kitchen or living room. The range is impressive. So anyway, Alexa aside, the thermostat works great and was easy to setup. I was worried about having to use the PEK since I was replacing an old honeywell unit, but luckily I had a wire that was not being used and got away with not installing the pek. The app that walks you through the setup is super convenient as well. Love that it works with home kit and so far I've had no issues using the app or any features.
ONE MAJOR FLAW, otherwise awesome This has saved me $100s during my first winter as I have an electric heat pump in PA. I put the 'LIL BEE' remote sensor on the 2nd floor, and programmed it to only read that at night. When it's cold, I run Kerosene heaters on the 2nd floor, so the heat pump doesn't need to run at all at night unless the Kerosene runs out. IT WORKS PERFECTLY.... BUT... At 5:30 am, when Ecobee is programmed to begin reading from the main thermostat on the 1st floor, it THINKS that the house as suddenly dropped 10°F, and gives me a white-screen alert (and email) that my Heat Pump has a Problem. I know that the heat pump is fine, but I can't disable this daily alert that I must manually clear every morning.
You had ONE JOB and you can't do that right! Most people that write reviews this low talk about Alexa. That is not the case for me. I have had many issues with this product and overall it just stinks!#1 - The sensors show a 4 degree difference from reality. I have other ways of measuring temperature and they are wrong. I have 3 sensors they all show the same issue. Now they tell me that 4 degrees is normal - too bad. This is unacceptable as the difference between 67 and 71 is the difference between I want it hotter and I don't.#2 - Rebate promise. I was told about a significant SCE rebate and that was one of the reasons I purchased this. Guess what! After waiting past my return deadline I was told that I do not qualify for the SCE rebate because I am not part of a particular program. When I asked for more information about what the program was I got no more email responses.#3 - Tech support - I have waited well over an hour at a time on hold for someone to pick up their tech support on multiple occasions. In fact after waiting an hour and 15 I was told that they needed to have 24 hours of new data so I needed to call back the next day! Wait time is simply unacceptable!Poor product, poor service and maybe bait and switch rebate all makes for a HORRIBLE experience. I am attempting to get them to refund me but barring that I will be selling this on ebay? Piece of crap!UPDATE: After trying to talk to tech support yet again I was told that a 2 degree difference for each unit is normal. Therefore 2 degrees from the sensor and 2 degrees from the unit is ok. I asked to speak to a supervisor and was told one would call me the next day. Over 2 weeks later I received an email reiterating that 4 degrees is normal. LOOK you have ONE JOB. Measure the temperature and make a change you you can't get the first part right. A 4 degree temperature difference is UNACCEPTABLE!!! I shouldn't have to recalibrate my life thinking that I'm cold at 72 when in fact the temperature is actually 68. This is a crappy product, service is terrible spending hours on hold waiting for tech support, you bait and switch by telling me I could get a large rebate only to tell me that I can't, and I have to stand in front of it and yell at it to get Alexa to work!TERRIBLE in ALL respects!
Quality, looks good. I would buy again. Works pretty good, their are some funny programming issues I had to figure out. Installation was great with its super easy to follow guide, best I have ever seen.It answered to Alexa but DOES NOT support all the Alexa functions but interrupter you when talking to Alexa. You can ask it what the weather is and stuff like that but wont play Pandora or link commands back to Alexa to do anything. It also lights up the hall with the built in light quite nicely when you just say Alex if you are walking by at night. So if you have 2 Alexa at opposite end of your house and this TS in the middle , expect all 3 to start answering you at the same time.
Nice Looking Thermostat, doesn’t play well with Modulating Furnace My wife bought us an ecoBee 4 for Christmas. Our furnace is a Rheem “Contour Comfort“, about ten years old, that can adjust its heat output in 10% steps between 40% and 100%. The ecobee4 does not have the modulation control output (we did not know that of course) but I found that I could reset a couple of switches in the furnace to make it work as a two stage unit. We gave the ecobee a very fair trial, trying some setting changes on advice from ecobee support and some on my own initiative, both with and without the remote sensor taking part in the control. Unfortunately the results were always far less comfortable than the control from the original thermostat, which I have now reinstalled.There were also two occasions in the approximately one month’s trial that I had to hard reset the ecobee, once for a display freeze and once for a loss of alexa function, which speaks very poorly of the unit’s dependability.So I do not find the performance of the ecobee acceptable and asked for a return under warranty. This is ecobee support’s reply:“The our warranty does not cover compatibility issues and does not provide refunds. The warranty only covers manufacturing defects of the unit. If the ecobee was not purchased directly from our online store (found at ecobee.com) then we would not be able to provide a refund for the ecobee. If you purchased the ecobee from us please provide the order number or email address used to place the order. If you purchased from an other retailer, you can return it to them for a refund if you are within the return policy.”Of course, after trying it for a month we are well outside Best Buy’s return window. BUYER BEWARE.
Great Thermostat and Tech Support Pretty easy installation but I made a mistake. Their tech support was great and had me up and running quickly. Pretty easy to program but connecting Alexa skills is sometimes tricky. Overall it has been great.
I expected the installation process to take me around and ... I expected the installation process to take me around and hour and a half, but didn’t expect this to be a used item, how I found this out is during the registration process I was having issues registering it because Ecobee told me I had to clear the information on the thermostat because it was previously registered by someone else. I was under the impression this was a new product not used. It took me an additional 2-3 hour to complete the process because it would not work until I finished registering it.
Researched several smart thermostats and the ECOBEE4 had the best reviews Researched several smart thermostats and the ECOBEE4 had the best reviews. The only one that came with adapter for systems with no C wire to power it up. Downloaded the app on my iPad and it walked me through the install and setup. The Alexa option was the icing on the cake. You can control it with voice commands and with the smartphone app. The extra room sensor was easy to setup and helps keep our cold bedroom warmer. In the Away setting the ECOBEE4 senses you are not home, then adjusts to your Away settings. When you arrive home, you walk by it and it adjust to your program settings for that time period. The iPhone app gives you remote controls. The iPad app gives additional information, tracks system on and off time through the day. It is already saving us money on our electric bill. So download the app and gain access to your thermostat wiring. The app will allow you to see if the ECOBEE4 can work with your system.
Sensors and Alexa! This is a brilliant product we just built a new house and I had purchased nest thermostats for both our upstairs and downstairs before I installed the nest I noticed our nursery was significantly cooler, in the winter, than our loft area where the thermostat is located. The loft is partially open to the downstairs and the heat from there rises to this room. Nest doesn’t make a sensor to adjust an individual room so I bought the ecobee 4 Alexa enabled thermostat. Installation was easy and once up and running I noticed it would sense the nursery temperature and adjust the loft accordingly. We’ve been using it a few weeks so far the only downfall is the “ears” for Alexa have a hard time hearing us sometimes. So for now we still use a dot for Alexa but we enjoy all the features so far.
This is a great product with the ability to fully customize your home ... This is a great product with the ability to fully customize your home heating and cooling. It comes standard with a separate sensor to put somewhere else in your home where you would want to ensure the temp is measure. I have 2 separate sensors (one in my basement and one in my second story loft). With the inclusion of the Ecobee thermostat on the main floor, I have a total of 3 sensors measuring the temperature in the house. The system takes the average of all the sensor readings and that is what’s registered as the “House Temperature” on your thermostat. The idea is that by looking at multiple zones and averaging those temps, and when you set the home to a specific temperature on your thermostat, your cooler rooms will be warmer and your warmer rooms should be cooler...again averaging your house.Additionally, it provides reminders when to have maintenance and change your filter. And because it can be connected to the internet, you can adjust temp whenever and wherever you are.And finally, having Alexa integrated has proved much more useful than I originally had thought. I enjoy playing music, adding grocery items to my shopping list, keeping track of news and weather, and even my lighting...all from the Ecobee, using voice commands.
somewhat deaf Had to practically yell overtime in order for the device to hear the command and could not adjust temperature by voice command
Do buy if you have modulating furnace and want to keep variable speed Not fully compatible with my modulating, variable speed furnace. Returned.
Five Stars Excellent - works great
Great Smart Thermostat - Easy to Install, Set Up, and Use I really like this thermostat. We replaced an existing, 'non-smart' programmable thermostat.Pros:Alexa: It's a really great feature to have built into a thermostat. We put an ecobee 3 lite for our upstairs zone and can control both using voice on this unit. The speaker can be adjusted to be pretty loud for voice feedback and even playing music.Interface: The display is bright and the touch screen is responsive. It's easy to make basic changes, but I recommend using the app or web portal to design a schedule or make changes.App: The app is a snap and lets you set and control your temperature settings quickly without even getting up if you don't want to use Alexa.Schedule: This is a great feature if you haven't used a programmable thermostat before. Even if you have, the ecobee gives you finer control over the details. The schedule is super easy to set up using a PC on the website.Sensor: The satellite sensor is a great way to help out with dead spots. Our bedroom gets warmer/cooler than the hallway where the thermostat is located, depending on the season, and the sensor helps keep the temperature closer to what we want.Reports: The reports that ecobee builds are really helpful in seeing where you stack up in your community and can help you design a more efficient program for your house or apartment. This is probably the best feature because you are seeing the trends of your runtime, current settings, etc.Design: The thermostat looks like it's from the future and includes a backplate which is big enough to cover any places on your wall you want to cover up.Cons:WiFi: You need WiFi to get the most out of this thermostat. The thermostat has dropped WiFi once in the 4 months we've had it and I had to do a manual reset, but other than that it's been fine.Battery: I was used to thermostats having battery backup, but since it's connected to WiFi, it will resume it's previous schedule, but while the power is out, it won't record any data. Not a huge deal, just takes getting used to if you live in an area with frequent outages.Weather: The outside weather can be a little hit and miss. I've compared to the local weather service and it's usually within a couple degrees. Overall though, it does a pretty good job.It's hard to find major flaws in this thermostat. I've been very pleased with it so far and I'd recommend this over the Nest which I have some limited experience with. I'd definitely get this again. I think it's already helped me tweak my system to get it running more efficiently and save a little money on utility bills.
Has Problems with Some WiFi Encryption I installed this on a unit without a C wire (the furnace is over 20 yrs old) and the directions were very helpful and the power pack add on that came with it works great. My problem came when I tried to connect it to my home wifi. It would not accept my password even though it was correct. I tried calling tech support but after holding 10 mins I elected to get called back (happened an hour later which wasnt so bad since the thermostat was working). I have to say though the support was only moderately helpful. They seemed like they were more concerned with proving the unit wasnt defective than getting it connected. I was able to connect it to my android phone as a mobile hotspot with the techs help (again...proving it wasnt the device). I figured out later on my own that this device has a problem with some types of WPA2 encryption. When I lowered it to WPA it connected right away. My wireless router acts as an access point only since I have a hardware firewall, and when I told the tech person that you'd have thought I was speaking some other language. Now that its working I really like it, but you can see why it doesnt get 5 stars. Tech support should be more aware of the encryption problem
Great device with remote sensors I've had the Ecobee 4 for about 4 months now and I love the way it uses the remote sensors. I bought the additional pack of two sensors so am using a total of 3 remote sensors as well as the sensor in the Ecobee thermostat. It is uncanny how the average temperature is normalized even though I do not have a multi zone heating system. The inclusion of Alexa in the device is an added bonus and has come in handy even though I have other echo devices in the house. I highly recommend this device.
I did not have a functioning "C" wire but did have a spare wire in the wall which was easy to connect back at the furnace The unit came with very precise instructions and was a breeze to follow along. I did not have a functioning "C" wire but did have a spare wire in the wall which was easy to connect back at the furnace. Setup was simply and unit was up and running in less that 30 minutes. My thermostat is located in a hallway so we love the remote sensor, we place in on the living room table and it keeps us warm Vs having to raise thehallway temp and quess what the living room area is.Great product .... and o ya love the Alexa integration :-)
Lots of great technical features excellent support Good design with lots of features and excellent technical support. Found the set-point (desired temp) slider numbers to be too small and changing temperature to not be as smooth like the NEST thermostat. Unfortunate because I really had high hopes for this unit but it needs more work before it's awesome.
Five Stars Easy to adapt to older 4 wire system. Comes with everything you need!
One Star Stopped working after 1 month, when I swap out with a new unit, heat starts working.
connections issues Product is great when connected to the ecobee site. Problem is the ecobee site is down daily for short periods of time. When the site is down neither Alexa or the ecobee app can control your thermostat.
Great thermostat that was very simple to install and set ... Great thermostat that was very simple to install and set up. READ the instructions first! I chose this one over the Nest because of the extra sensor and Alexa.Only complaint is that the app has some limitations. For example, one of the settings I was looking for in the app was the ability to change the "Hold Action." When making a quick temperature change that differs from the schedule, the default "Hold Action" is to Hold at that temperature until you cancel or change it. There is a way to change this, but you must log in online via a browser; Settings --> Preferences --> Hold Action (see picture).
Room Sensor was reason to buy and now it doesn't work. Main reason to buy this item was Room Sensor, after 30 days room sensor stopped working.Thermostat doesn't even recognize room sensor. I have called Ecobee there was no response had to wait for 1 hour.
Thermostat works very well and with the Ecobee app! .. Thermostat works very well and with the Ecobee app! .. Alex is a limited version does not connect to Bluetooth but works well. I guess it an intro version of Alex
Saving money with technology These were my first time with a smart thermostat after talking myself out of the nest products for years. I purchased two to replace both my thermostats. Installing was super easy and setup was also painless. My only criticism of this is the Alexa integration because it does not seem to do well when in range of other Alexa devices (they both will take the same command).
Dropped the ball on this one. Having had several ecobees over the years as well as installing several for customers this was a let down. I have seven Alexa devices through out the home and I thought this would work perfect but it has let me down on a few items. As a thermostat it works like all the other ecobee tstat but this is not worth the extra money. I dont like that you cant change the wake word. I dont like that it wont integrate with all my other devices. It is basically a unit unto itself with-in my whole whole system. Hopefully they change these simple firmware items to make it the product it could be. For now stick to the Ecobee 3.
Amazing This was really simple to install and it works and looks amazing
Shut up alexa Alexa keeps going off at least every few hours just when watching TV. Enough already.
I liked the product a lot I liked the product a lot. It was easy to install and it has been running as expected since the installation. The only comment I would make is having better instructions if you have a whole house humidifier and how you would connect it to the ecobee. I needed to do some trial and error to get the working. So far I am really happy with the product.
Interfase and Software Stinks I’m ok withthe thermostat, chose it for the remote sensors that allow me to manage better temperatures across the house.Alexa was a plus, but it of limites use, the speaker sounds bad and it doesn’t allow to reach out for a bluetooth connection to at least make a song aound acceptable.But the thermostat and app software stinks.Only two comfort levels predefined and new ones cannot be added. Temporary settings are based on these 2 confort levels, and an Away option. What happens if I want a temporary setting other than what the geniuses force me to define?Remote sensor reading is accessed through several menu options, when it should be an easy touch.Energy savings is accessed theough ... the WEBSITE account!!!!!! Really?Go and compare this interfase to the one developed by Next. I saw them side by side, and was left salivating for Next. If only they opened their minds to remote sensing.
Probably shouldn’t of bought this a little overpriced but it ... Probably shouldn’t of bought this a little overpriced but it does everything it says it supposed to.
This drops from the internet frequently so don’t depend on it when you are out of town. This is a total waste of money! It drops from the internet every time we go away. None of our other Alexa devices do that, so it’s not our internet, it’s the Ecobee! The whole reason we bought this in the first place was so that we could monitor and change things while we are out of town. Such a disapppintment!
Five Stars They're awesome, easy installation, and you can listen to music with Alexa.
I like the thermostat very much I like the thermostat very much, everything works as it should. Very easy to use and make schedules. I installed the thermostat myself, the included instructions were clear enough. About the only issue in have with this device is the Alexa feature. I have to sometimes yell 3 or 4 times "Alexa" in order to get a response. I've also noticed the device is more responsive to female voices than my (male) voice. If this could somehow be fixed through a firmware update it be great!
I like it. I like it t a lot.
App ease Works well with the app.
Ecobe is a good choice for any home. Ecobe controls the temperature in my house very easily-either by voice command or dialing temps up or down. It can play music from my favorite radio station and keep a grocery list. I had another brand which was very confusing to operate- ecobe is much easier to operate and I understand how to do so. I am glad I have ecobe and Alexa too!
Great thermostat but not good with Alexa This works nicely as a thermostat, but the Alexa feature needs work. If it starts playing music or reciting something sort of long and you want to interrupt, you have to pull up the app to stop her because she can’t hear you over her own voice.
Homekit enabled with remote sensors; experienece can be improved Good function. Easy installation. The greatest part is the remote sensors.Actual functionality is poorly documented. Just try to learn if the remote sensors do humidity or not. Works good with HomeKit which is why I chose this brand. The Alexa is ok but Alexa setup is frustrating. The thermostat didn't automatically control itself until you find the hidden path. And the light for Alexa should shine down, not up.The interface isn't the best either. Pulling the temp up or down is slow and small circle. The menu doesn't clearly lead you to where you want to go. A menu that you think will give you information ends up being an input setting. It displays the outside weather better than trying to find humidity inside the house or reading the temp on a remote sensor.Siri can control the temp. But the ecobee shows up in homekit with what looks like redundant sensors. Basically I like the Ecobee but it could really use a rethinking of user experience.
I'm sure it's a good product but crappy seller I bought this product as new but this was definitely used....item is scratched and the hardware screws are missing. I'm sure it's a good product but crappy seller
Constant Homekit disconnections? No 5Ghz wifi support. Saves counter space. My ecobee4 constantly disconnects from Homekit app—possibly due to lack if 5Ghz Wifi support. (see edit)At this time there is good reason to suspect lack of 5Ghz wifi radio support is the reason for constant drop in connection of the ecobee and sensors in Apple's Homekit app.This may be the best smart thermostat on the market, but if you've been waiting to use it's built in motion detector and remote sensors to trigger Homekit actions, you may want to wait for something better to come out—or maybe just settle for restricting your Apple devices to the 2.4Ghz wifi signal in your home and have them avoid 5Ghz band where throughput is often best.If however you don't care about Homekit, or you have better luck than I with your Apple devices staying connected, or have the time for lots of resets and reboots...the ecobee4 is a good hint at the home of the future. It also allows for some handy Alexa information and assistance in a tidy wall-mount package that doesn't require a power cable running to a box or cylinder that would add clutter to your counter top or table.EDIT: Locking the I.P. addresses of our Apple TV and ecobee4 has made the connection reliable for over a week! Although nobody should have to fuss with things like this in a "it just works" future, I'm adding a star. Hopefully reliability will ensue. The ecobee support team have always been extremely supportive with the ecobees I manage at work. Great support is a huge benefit. Not needing them would be even better.
Love everything about the ecobee 4 Love everything about the ecobee 4. From setting different heat schedule for each day to being able to monitor the temp. in the house from my phone. Easy to install with well written and illustrated manual. If you are not use to Alexa and the wording it wants for instructions look them up online.
Durability problems I bought one Ecobee3 two years ago, the little-bee died in a year, then two years after I got it the mainthermostat died, fixing it under warranty which was described to be complete was almost as expensive as the original but they gave me an Ecobee4, but it also has troubles now. I have the system controlling a very expensive Tranquility27 from climate master. I wanted to warn other it is not durable.
This thing is great. I'm a nurse and stay gone most of ... This thing is great. I'm a nurse and stay gone most of the time. I can turn off or adjust my temp through my phone at work or if I want I can turn on the heat on my drive home. Saved a fair amount on my power bill the first month.
The ecobee is amazing, works like a charm with alexa The ecobee is amazing, works like a charm with alexa . it is so cool to set the temperature from your bed just by talking to Alexa. Totally satisfied.
Four Stars Great product. Easy to use and Alexa is a great feature
Provides a frustrating and partial Alexa-enabled experience The ecobee smart thermostat works great if you don’t actually want to use Alexa. If you want Alexa, buy the Ecobee 3 and an echo dot if you truly want to use Alexa. The ecobee 4’s Alexa only supports a limited list of Alexa commands. Some big ones for me: can’t use/control Spotify, can’t link to Bluetooth speakers or Bluetooth anything, and has a hard time hearing the Alexa wake-up command.
... my ecobee4 for two months now and I absolutely love it because of how convenient it is to use I have had my ecobee4 for two months now and I absolutely love it because of how convenient it is to use! At first it was very hard to install because I only have a heater in my house and there weren't enough wires to be able to use the ecobee4. The instructions, app, and customer service were very useful but I ended up having to hire someone to come put in the extra wires. Even after all of the trouble I still give the ecobee4 five stars because of the ease of use in using it. I love being able to set what temperature I would like the house before I come home or if I forget to turn down my thermostat I can easily turn it down on the app. I did notice with the sensor that it really affects the ecobee4 and I had originally placed it in a drafty area and it made my heater run way more than it should have. Be careful where you place it! I give it four stars because of the issues setting it up and the sensor issue, but all in all the convenience of having it really makes up for those issues.
Better tech than Nest Better tech than Nest. the built in alexa is less functional than a "real" one but great thermostat, have 2 in my house.
Good thermostat Good product with a convenient app. I can check or change my settingf from anywhere. I like the second sensor that gives me accurate averages. Chose this over the Nest and I am happy with my purchase.
Other benefits include the ability to control the thermostat via my smart phone or voice activation using the Alexa enabled feature I've had my Ecobee4 installed now for over a month and am quite impressed with its performance. With the added sensor I'm able to regulate the temp in the colder room upstairs. Other benefits include the ability to control the thermostat via my smart phone or voice activation using the Alexa enabled feature. Have recommended to my friends.
New experience with Alexa :-) We love it. And we get to know Alexa.
I love the ecobee and this one is no exception I love the ecobee and this one is no exception. I have two issues with it though; first, on setup it would not recognize the remote sensor. It took me a few hours of tinkering to get it to finally pair with the sensor. Since then it has worked fine.Secondly, the Alexa function. It is somewhat limited in what it can do, it is not a fully working Alexa like the Echo. But the most frustrating part of it is when it decides to listen. If I am standing in front of it it will rarely respond to Alexa. But if I am in the next room trying to wake my Echo it will pick it up from 15-20 feet away. You can't change the wake word on the Ecobee so it sometimes hijacks the session. Pretty annoying so I am thinking of moving it to a different room.
Ecobee4 Not going to lie, the installation took just a little bit longer than expected (an hour instead of 30 minutes), but YouTube and the ecobee website helped. Otherwise, I love this thermostat. We took a risk and went ahead and purchased two for our home (to replace both thermostats), and we have not been disappointed. If you are already an avid Alexa user, you will love the Alexa capabilities built into this thermostat. Have not had any issues speaking to Alexa without being right in front of the unit. Having three Alexa devices in the house now, all work independently of one another (if I speak to one I don’t get three responses). Have not tried telling all three to respond (for example asking Alexa to play a song everywhere), but very happy with the Alexa capabilities (works just as well as our Dot). Love being able to schedule the thermostat when away on vacation and the smart follow-me capabilities built in. Changing the temperature is as easy as swiping your finger up or down on the thermostat faceplate (or if you prefer app control, it is basically the same on the app). I love that is not only tells you the temperature, but also the humidity in the room. The one sensor that comes with each is a nice feature to help ensure more balanced temperatures throughout the house (the thermostat counts for one sensor and the movable tiny white sensor counts as a second). We have used this to better control the temperature in our basement and main floor (both share the same thermostat). It is helped keep the basement warmer without raising the temperature on the main floor too much (heat does rise folks). It is also very easy to move your portable sensor around (and change the location name of the sensor in the app). Love the display - very easy to read and not too bright (we have one in our bedroom and it does not prevent us from sleeping - it is not much if at all brighter than the smoke detector light). Like that you can quickly glance at the weather outside on the display. Also, pretty sure on the first day of switching out our old thermostats for the ecobee4 that our heating system immediately became more efficient (we actually turned the temperature down in the house). Very pleased with this purchase.
Do not purchase if you have a geo-thermal system! Worst move every to purchase this thermostat! I have a geo-thermal system with an electric back up. I had my ecobee installed professionally and the AC in the summer months worked great. Once the cold moved it system technically could not handle heating my home. Basically, the system would switch to Aux electric heat during colder parts of the day and never return to geo-thermal once the temperature was achieve. I spend hours on the phone with Ecobee Support who had no clue about my system and local professional could not figure it out. My electric company did with a MONSTER bill!!!!In addition, the Alexa would not work on harmony with echo and dots.Save your money!!!! By a nest
Good, but not as user friendly as I would like This is a very good thermostat. I do wish it was a little more seamless. I use it with Alexa. When I tell Alexa to turn ecobee down to 72, it shouldn’t tell me the ecobee Parameters. It should set the thermostat to 72.
The ecobee was easy to install and set up The ecobee was easy to install and set up. The interface of the phone and table app gives great control of the features of the ecobee4. It's easy to set up several different comfort settings to meet my families busy schedule and still save on energy costs.I will buy two more thermostats for the other two zones in my house and sensors for some of the other rooms.The Alexa works great with the rest of the Alexa devices in my house.The o my thing I am having a problem with is the voice commands to adjust the temp, but I'm sure it's something I'm not doing right.I would recommend the ecobee 4
Great state-of-the-art thermostat, HUGE improvement at our house. Very happy with the thermostat. It has helped resolved some cold spots in the house. Much more comfortable and even temperature. I'm using it with SmartHome and it's great.
Works as advertised Pretty easy to install and I'm not a handyman. Instructions were easy to follow. I like the away settings. I don't use it in smart mode, where learns my patterns. I just have it on the temperature range settings and it works well. At night it is decently dark. I was worried it would bother me, it doesn't. I have an Ecobee 3 and Ecobee4. I use the Alexa part of the Ecobee4 all the time. I like the look and size of the 4 more than the three.Its been a few months, now and I have no regrets. Sensors are great. Phone app is good. Would buy again.
Alexa integration is a joke and so is customer service - I somewhat feel scammed False Advertisement!!! First off with the good - this is a great thermostat with lots of features that I enjoy. Programming and installation were a cinch with no hiccups.Bad - Does not play well with Alexa smart home. The Alexa integration is only a facade and I somewhat feel scammed. I can only lean on the fact that its a great programmable thermostat. Once up and running you quickly learn that it does not play well with other Alexa devices. Here are my reasons for dislike:1) There is no near field communication so I changed the name of real Alexa devices to avoid the confusion of multiple devices responding.2) Ecobee4 does not group with Alexa music. It plays just fine on its own but if you want to make a group and play music on the second floor there is no adding Ecobee 4 to the group. I was really exciting about having music in the hallway as you went from one room to another all playing the same tunes. Small feature but hey, thats why I bought this thing.3) I emailed customer service to ask about such to which I received a generic response - "We will forward this to our technical staff for review" Like they did not even know about this.I primarily chose the Ecobee4 because of smart home integration. It would have been to know these shortcomings early on and I would have likely still bought the devise but would have been prepared. I had my eye on the Ecobee3 for quite a while and the Alexa integration made it a no brainer.I would likely give it 3.5 stars :) Its on the wall, looks pretty sweet, and it works great as a smart thermostat. Alexa and Ecobee customer service leave more to be desired.
Stick with the Ecobee3 Pretty easy to install and works well as a thermostat with its electronic controls and functions, and its smartphone app, but the Amazon Echo function is a joke. I could not get Amazon's system to fully recognize the device, other than that it would recognize some commands, but not others. For example, it would not allow me to set any thermostat functions by voice, but if I asked it to "play NPR," it would play NPR on one Echo device, and a rock station on the thermostat speaker, and would then not accept any commands to stop the music. After a fruitless hour on the phone with an Ecobee tech, I decided to disable the voice system, disconnect Amazon and rely on the smart phone app for my thermostat settings. This should work fine for me, but it's not what's advertised, and maybe made the extra cost of the Ecobee4 over the 3 a waste of money.
Ecobee 4 shows the local weather. Great product. I took the time to watch YouTube installation videos. It installed easily. The Ecobee 4 walks you through Wi-Fi setup. We did not have echo or any of the smart products. This was our first. Alexa enabling took a bit of work using the internet to figure out how to setup and enable Alexa. Find that I don't use Alexa much. Love the fact that a quickie weather/temperature is always there on the Ecobee 4. It works well. There are things I wish Alexa could do that are not part of being a thermostat.
The instructions didn't cover my particular setup and required a ... The instructions didn't cover my particular setup and required a call to customer service, which resulted in a 20+ minute wait on hold. When finally talking to a CSR, the problem was resolved without issue. The delay was probably due to the time of year, right after the holidays.
Easy to use Easy set up. Wifi is great!
Works like a charm! Takes a bit to figure out the schedules, but after you get them in they work great!
Very nice product. It works very well Very nice product . It works very well. A very good integration in my house.
House is more comfortable This is doing a good job for us. Our house is an 80's two-story with a single heating and air unit. We have a sensor in the living room downstairs, one in the upstairs bedroom, one in my upstairs office, and of course the ecobee, which is also upstairs.It does a good job trying to keep the average temperature where we set it and based on where we are in the house.It sometimes doesn't realize we are home when we should be at work (snow days), but a quick tap on the app puts it into home mode.I like looking at the daily graphs of inside and outside temps, run times, etc. and look forward to seeing a full report after it has been installed a calendar month. It's cool I can access it remotely, or sitting on my couch.Overall, I would recommend this to family and friends.
Amazing product for setting up a smart home. The ease of use is nothing short of amazing. My wife loves that she can set temperature or check weather without putting on her glasses. It's is very interesting to see in charts and graphs what your heat and cooling spikes look like in a day. You can see in real time with the sensor what makes a difference. We have shears on our windows and when she pulls them open on a sunny day in the winter you can see what effect the radiant heating that you gain by doing such. I will recommend this to others and have got the owner of company I work for to install at work. Didn't need the Alexa on those but the tracking feature is saving us money.
I found it very easy to setup on my home heat/cool system I found it very easy to setup on my home heat/cool system. I can control and program easily from my phone or notebook. schedules are easy to program and control remotely, Alex is built in with limited features,Would like to see an adaptive heat/cool feature based on cycle/run time maybe even consider outdoor temp. the idea would be to set a temperature range and it would auto adjust base on outdoor temperature.
End result is awesome. Easy to use and solved problem of one ... setup on older furnace took longer than expected. End result is awesome. Easy to use and solved problem of one cold room.
Great Automated thermostat with easy setup! I have been researching for a few years for a networked thermostat for the home. I had read so many scary reviews of other networked thermostats where they didn't turn on the heat and pipes froze that I was nervous to purchase one. I had been reading many reviews of the Ecobee over the first three generations that was was ready to pull the trigger on the third generation. Then I read about the fourth Gen that had Amazon Echo built into it which was a huge selling point for me. My home was networked with five echos, automated door locks, automated garage door sensors, automated hard wired and plug in lights, and a SmartThings hub running it all. I had finally decided to pull the trigger and jump into the 4th Gen Ecobee and I am completely glad I did. Installation was easy with a little help from the Tech Support. They were quick and very clear and instructive. I had it installed and running with Alexa running everything in just under 30-minutes. The best reason I provide why I purchased this over the others is not just the reviews but also the sensors that come with it. I purchased two additional sensors to put in rooms on the same floor to be able to sense people in the room as well as the temps in the various rooms they are in. We always seem to have one or two rooms with a wild temp difference from other rooms. It does work! Over the last three weeks, Atlanta has had a lot of cold weather, colder then usual (10s and 20s). The Ecobee kept the first floor balanced at 68 degrees and warm throughout the floor. Easy setup (with some great Tech Support help), great device and it plays music in my hallway!! What else could you ask for!!
Good, but not not as smart as I expected due to some basic design flaws The Ecobee 4 is nice, but it's not quite great due to some pretty simple design flaws that shouldn't be there, and could be easily fixed.1.) Having Alexa in it is nice. But since it doesn't interact with the other Echo products I have, it's not quite as good as a regular Echo dot. I would rather have saved a few bucks on this and just bought an Echo dot for this room separately. Sometimes both this and an Echo dot in a adjacent room will respond to me or set timers, which gets confusing. So I end up muting this one, but then why even have it?2.) A lot of the built in settings don't make much sense, and I had to research how to fix them - but only some could be fixed. Examples:- The default setting is that when you change a temperature, it stays there permanently instead of reverting back to the normal schedule when the next event happens. So if you make an adjustment to the norm, you have to remember to change it back. Sometimes I will change it during the day and forget, so I wake up really hot at night. You can change this in the settings.- The default setting includes 'smart recovery mode' which will turn on the heater or A/C earlier than the schedule you have set to get the temperature right at that time.I let the entire house except for my bedroom get very cold at night, Then 2 hours before I would wake up, the furnace would kick on to try to warm the house up and I'd end up waking up sweating really early. Again, it's an OK feature, but it shouldn't be the default.- Really annoying one - When you adjust the normal temperature on any setting other than 'home' it messes everything up. My normal daytime temperature only looks at the sensors in my living room and kitchen. The only sensor used while asleep is in the bedroom. If I wake up and adjust the temperature by 1 degree in the middle of the night, it doesn't change the temperature for that sensor by 1 degree, but reverts to using the kitchen and living room sensors, which, again, overheats my room. I haven't found a fix for this, other than to actually go into the settings and change the sleep specific temperature, which is a pain to do in the middle of the night. This isn't very smart for a smart thermostat.Each of the items above make the furnace run more than it needs to or I want it to, so it actually is probably costing my to run it compared to the old standard one I had.If they fix all of this, it'd be 5 stars.
Would buy another Ecobee 4 in a heartbeat! Exceptional customer support (before actual purchase of 2 Ecobees). Extremely to set-up. Very happy w/ product. Purchased Ecobee 4 w/ sensor and an Ecobee lite. One thing that is slightly deceiving.... The Ecobee Lite is only partially compatible w/ Alexa. Does not have microphone or speaker. However, will change temperatures using Alexa through another device. Would buy another Ecobee 4 in a heartbeat!
Easy to set even when I'm away I can change the temperature through my iPhone and monitor it when I'm away. We also received a rebate from our energy company for the purchase.
This is a really easy to use Thermostat that can do some pretty cool ... This is a really easy to use Thermostat that can do some pretty cool things. Beyond the obvious HVAC controls (which it does very well) it can also play music and answer questions with the use of Alexa. The app that they have for the phone works very well as well.
I like the ability to program the fan only to run ... Gives the user more operating parameters than old style thermostats. I like the ability to program the fan only to run a minimum duration each hour. This lets me mix the air from warm rooms and cool rooms. The remote sensor allows the heater to run when needed from a whoe house perspective.
Just easy all around. Install, setup and using it. The setup was easy. The instructions are user friendly. You download their app it literally walks you through step by step with video instruction. It also checks your work. It is smart enough to know when you made a wiring mistake.Only flaw, my house was older and the thermostat that was there had a gaping hole behind it. Not ecobees fault but you may need to do some patchwork. Buying a Nest it would have been worse.
Pretty plug and play Easy install and overall pretty plug and play for a DIY project
Programming when away I like that it is easy to program from home and away.
Works great at controlling our home temperature and also use it ... Works great at controlling our home temperature and also use it to control our Whole home humidifier. The only problem I have with the unit, is when I ask Alexa what the forecast is, she gives it for like Middleton New York (even though the display and the Ecobee have our correct home location).Aside from that little issue, the unit has been working great, and install was a breeze.
This is a terrific thermostat with excellent reporting and viewability This is a terrific thermostat with excellent reporting and viewability . . . plus the added feature of Amazon voice control and music.We are very pleased with this device . . .
Patients The sensor is the best. I had trouble setting up the thermostat, but after I figereted it out I no problem.
Easy to install - Quality design I had this installed in about 20 minutes which included joining it to WIFI and opening up the app to test remote control.
There is a lot to like about the Ecobee4 There is a lot to like about the Ecobee4. One of the main complaints that I read was that the Ecobee4 did not support Echo Spatial Perception (ESP) with Echo devices. With their latest firmware update that is now supported so that has not been an issue for me. The reason for the 4 star vs 5 star review has to do with the the fact that this does not support bluetooth connections. If like me, you use your Alexa devices mostly to play music and have it connected to a Bluetooth speaker, you might consider the purchasing the Ecobee Lite with an Echo Dot. That said, the speaker on the thermostat is decent all things considered. The other issue (well documented in other reviews) is that the mics do not pick up my voice quite as well as the Dot. I still highly recommend this product, there is still just a few quirks to work out with Alexa.
Great thermostat, easy to use and works perfectly Super happy that I decided to get the ecobee! This thermostat works seamlessly and the app is really easy to maneuver and use. The built in Alexa is a nice bonus that we use all the time. I bought 2 extra sensors for the kid's bedrooms and now the house temperature is kept more consistent throughout.
I really like this so far I really like this so far! We replaced a Nest because it works with HomeKit and it's been very reliable so far.
It may be fine for some or even many Ecobee’s support stinks. Despite using the online compatibility tool before buying on their website, it was only after opening the box and getting almost to the end of the setup guide that I learned it *may* not be compatible with our HVAC and was prompted to call support, who then emailed me a link to a doc of extra required parts or requiring that would be needed to accommodate the thermostat, both of which are at an absurd cost and not through Ecobee directly (as in needing an HVAC professional to come out and do). Not impressed with the “DIY” on this. It may be fine for some or even many, but check the compatibility VERY carefully before you bother taking the plunge.Additionally, I’ve since read up more on this and other smart thermostats and come to the conclusion that their cost savings potential is being vastly oversold, particularly with the cost of these units factored in.
Four Stars Everything great but wish it was quicker to adjust the temperature like the Nest dial
You buy those sensors otherwise you will not find difference with other brands This is cool product. People complained about Alexa not being accurate or they said you cannot turn it off which is not true. This product really goes hand to hand with Samsung smart things. If have both at the same time then you can do some real automation. Installation is pretty simple even through I didn’t have c wire and furnace is 20 years old technology. I am not a home pro guy, I was able to install it with no issues with in 30 min. I just had to watch YouTube video about it.
There's a lot of reasons this was voted #1 by CNET The integration with HomeKit was the deciding factor for me buying the Ecobee over the competition. I use Siri to control the Ecobee on my Apple devices such as my iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Alexa being built in was an added bonus. I use Alexa to set timers while I cook. The Ecobee is also able to link to my Hue bulbs, so I can use the sensors on the thermostat and the room sensors to have the lights turn on/off when we enter/leave rooms. One of the coolest integrations is having IFTTT link to both so that when the timer is done on the Ecobee, the lights in the house will blink to alert me. This is useful for when I'm cooking and leave the room. Ecobee4 also had an accessory terminal so I could have it control the humidifier on my furnace. I love this device.
Worth the price for the energy savings in store! ecobee4 Alexa-Enabled Thermostat with Sensor, Works with Amazon AlexaI bought this on sale to replace a 15-year old thermostat and have been very pleased for the following reasons: (1) It was on sale on Amazon, and I received an additional $100 rebate from my gas company; (2) it was easy to install; (3) I already own an Amazon Echo and it connected so easily: (4) I use the Ecobee app on my phone to control my thermostat when I am away from home. No more coming home from work to a cold house! I set the thermostat before leaving. It also comes with a sensor to detect when a room is occupied or not, but I haven't felt the need to purchase additional sensors. This is the only Smart device in my home and I love it,
Great thermostat. Poor representation of an Alexa. This is my second ecobee thermostat, and has a thermostat it definitely outperforms the original just about every way. From installation, to the ease-of-use and fast responsiveness of all the screen presses, this is a nice improvement.I also have an Echo Dot, and have come to enjoy the fun and function that Alexa brings to the home. As many of the reviewer’s have reported, the Alexa capability in this device is very poor. The response is very slow, and often I don’t get a response at all. I’m hopeful that software will be able to improve this in the long run, and that hardware isnt the limiting factor in this case.
Great product - easy to install Great product - easy to install, even with the power extender it took me about an hour from start to finish. My favorite function is 'follow me', as I live in a building that doesn't have great insulation. It focuses heating/cooling only in the area that I am currently in, and saves me a ton of energy.
. Coming from an HVAC Technician.Here’s a little back story, I just built a brand new house less than a year ago with a brand new ac/heat unit.I used a standard digital thermostat for the first 6 months with no problems whatsoever. I bought the ecobee4 and installed it, it worked great for about 1 month then completely went to crap. My heat now only periodically works, we wake up now with no heat and the house temperature in the 50s.To resolve the issue we called ecobee technical support and they tell us to adjust the threshold settings which causes the auxiliary heat to run non stop which made our electric bill spike $200 more than normal. We call ecobee again they tell me how to adjust the thresholds again. The heat worked for 3 days then quit working.. My wife was at the house by herself it’s 30 degrees outside with no heat she called ecobee tech support and they told her touch the bare wires together she did and got an electrical shock. The technical support is horrendous and the product has been a complete failure..
I like the design and being able to control everything with ... I like the design and being able to control everything with my mobile devices. I used my HVAC company to do the installation because of health problems. They had no problems and I was able to do the setup.
Five Stars Amazing.... EASY TO INSTAL and great customer service! So happy I purchase Ecobee4!!!
Great product Just installed 2 of these with no problems whatsoever. Alexa works great. I have no problems with either one of my furnaces or Alexa working with my echo.I can't believe I didn't do this sooner
Difficult to install Very frustrating. Supposedly simple to install. Ended up needing to spend a bunch of time rewiring it with a three wire line to power it. Had a energy expert friend then help me for 45 minutes and still couldn't make it work. Then 45 minutes on line with tech support it still didn't work. Was leaving for three weeks and had to reinstall my old thermostat. Tech support offered by email when I was away. By the time I was back they had closed my case and called it successfully resolved
So far I love this thermostat and it’s functions So far I love this thermostat and it’s functions. My only wish is that I could group it into my Alexa group so that I can have another location for whole home audio. Sound quality is very nice also
I'm very happy with this smart thermostat Wiring took a little bit of research, but everything went perfectly. After two weeks of use (and temperatures ranging from 30 to 80 degrees), I'm very happy with this smart thermostat.
3 Ecobee4 / 3 sensors = 6500 sq ft happiness Wow. As a former Nest and Honeywell thermostat owner I didn’t think any other brand could beat them. Yet here I am with 3 Ecobee4s (first floor) and 3 sensors (2nd floor) running our 3 furnaces and 6500 sq feet. Works great. House is comfortable for first time yet economical.
Limited Features in app, Mostly useless reporting Beware: device does not control variable speed fan. also, remote sensor did not read right temperature and there is no way to calibrate. tried to call support, waited on hold, dont have time for "higher than average call volume" does anyone believe that? so a brand new product showed up broken, returned and went back to my "dum"b thermostat. lastly, while not a normal request...there is no way to disable the power saving features. i do not care about energy savings at all...i just want comfort and reporting. most of the reports are not available from the app, only online. and the reports that are available online, they are delayed by an hour.
Easy to install, and works great. Easy to install, and works great. I can already see a difference in my heating. Keeps the house at a more even temperature. Wish i would have bought sooner
The best smart thermostat you can buy- and a great value considering utility rebates. This is the best smart thermostat you can buy- features such as Alexa and remote sensors really make Ecobee 4 stand above the rest of the crowd. It'd be nice if they'd make their App and smart features a bit more powerful, but I'm sure they're working on it for future download. Before buying, check your local gas and electric company for possible rebates.
Good but alexa is not as responsive I would have given this a 2 stars but the installation was extremely easy and the app works great. BUT the incorporation of alexa into this thermostat was poorly done. I have to raise my voice pretty high in order for alexa to activate and it only catches half of what I say. The speaker that comes installed is decent. Over all i would wait until they update the software and get alexa working better.
Be prepared for extra work Once you I have it working, the system performs very well for optimizing the temperature in the multi-room office where I am working. However, the Alexa integration is poor and not functioning. The WiFi connection is fragile and not comparable to other modern devices I use (such as other Alexa devices). I’m not sure my friends would be happy to go through this effort to make it work. Apparently it is not compatible with a popular brand of cable modem (Arris), and thus I have it connected to the internet through a hotspot - which I had to rename to one short word to make it work. It requires a lot of “undocumented” effort. Thus I cannot recommend it because it overpromises and underdelivers when it comes to features. I feel like this device was shipped as sold more or less as a decent beta product with potential but It needs further refinement to get high marks.
Great product, and even better technical support Great product, and even better technical support. Wouldn't power up when I first installed it (on Sunday - New Years Eve). In desperation, I called their technical support line. Miracle of miracles, they were there and spent an hour working through the problem. Turns out I had mis-wired it and caused a 3 amp fuze to blow in my furnace. Tech support was very patient and thorough. Has worked flawlessly since. I love the thing.
I'm now a smart thermostat believer This is my first smart thermostat, but I just got the new echo and I think Alexa operated stuff is pretty cool so I was drawn to this one in particular. I liked the idea of being able to turn up the temperature with just a voice command and wanted to make my house look more modern.I'm very happy with the purchase. Since my wiring did not include the "C" wire, and thus needed the optional extra component installed at the furnace wiring, I contemplated hiring someone to come install it for me. I'm glad I didn't however, since I saved myself over 100 bucks, and am proud to have installed it myself. I even ordered an optional black metal back-plate, because the white plastic one looks cheap. Now the smart thermostat is rocking in my house. I definitely think it raises the value of the house, for very little investment, in addition to the benefit of Alexa voice commands, etc. Its packed well with good instructions and high quality components, except for the white plastic back-plate, which some people may not need. I strongly recommend it, and I'm even thinking of getting Alexa-enabled smart light bulbs now and expanding my Alexa-enabled smart home.
Great Love the ecobee. Very versatile and use it every day!
A really good thermostat. Works well, especially if you use temperature sensors in every room. I use it as a replacement after owning Nest 2nd and 3rd generation thermostats which were bad keepin the temperature wise (+/-2-3 F degrees error range). Comes with nice Android/iOS apps, internal speaker, and Alexa and beats by far all the features Nest 3rd generation has.
Great thermostat Installation was very easy with the included wiring harness. The sensor is also helpful for my 3 story house where in the winter is 55 downstaors hut 65 upstairs and in the summer where its 70 downstairs and 85 upstairs. The alexa feature is neat, but i don't use it very often.
Growing up is needed to better integrate homes with multi zones with Alexa. Being one that has had internet enabled t-stats in my home forever (proliphix was the first one I ever had) and with the fact I am one for trying to get ahead of the curve on the Alexa/smart home thing I had to give this a whirl. We have two dots and two Alexa's in the house with Insteon lights, two zones and now two ecobee's etc etc. What I do like about it is the interface, and it does a great job as a smart thermostat. With the fact my home as two zones, I do find it a bit cumbersome. Ecobee does have a grouping feature, however the Alexa aspect of the product can't leverage it. So if I want to leave the house, I can't setup a routine using the established group or the t-stats individually. When I tried, the alexa app stated it wasn't supported. Can easily change the t-stats one at a time using my voice, however it isn't often I am standing there altering the mode of just one room. So from that aspect, has some growing up to do. I do like the sensors and the reporting capabilities.
Great smart thermometer with support for extra sensors. Been using for six months and very happy so far. Installation was a little complicated in my 30 year old townhouse, but the installation wizard was clear and everything made sense. Learned a good bit more about HVAC in the process. Hardest part was dealing with a stud behind the drywall that made it hard to install the mounting screw. All good.Six months later (and after adding four more sensors), my family really likes the daytime/nighttime temperature settings, smart-away, and monthly performance stats. Well on our way to paying for the cost of the Ecobee with the monthly savings. Was originally looking at the Nest but after reading a bunch of reviews, went with Ecobee, very happy with that choice.
I like the use and energy data reported as well as ... Fully automates control of HVAC system. I like the use and energy data reported as well as the remote access when no at home. Very easy to program for vacations, etc.
Works Well, but I did turn Alexa's mic off We got this for our bedroom thermostat and put the remote sensor in the nursery, which is usually much colder. I like that it tracks the temperatures and we can track the data over time. Sometimes I question why the heat turns on so often, but I will let it work itself out. We turned off the feature that tries to warm up the room by the time it is scheduled to be warmer. We found it was turning the heat on 4 hours before the set point and that was unnecessary. We also turned off the microphone to Alexa. It was annoying to have conversations in bed and have the thermostat light up blue to listen any time we said a word that started with A. I like that it displays the outdoor weather, and I can use the Alexa app to have it play my music or NPR. The speaker works surprisingly well.
Five Stars Easy to use and install! Provides data about day to day usage.
This product is great, until it doesn’t work This product is great, until it doesn’t work. The remote sensor stopped working after a few months. Then other issues may happen, such as the unit resetting itself to mid 60s in the dead of winter. Ecobee will not respond, or care, about your issues. Good luck getting ahold of customer support and if you can, getting any actual support. I went through weeks being led on by support, which was unresponsive and did not offer any resolution, before dealing with management, who reviewed the issue and told me they would promptly send a replacement unit (finally someone will help me!). Two weeks later, no replacement unit is in sight and I can’t get a response from ecobee.My experience- this company does not value its customers. Please keep in mind that the product is great out of the package, and I actually like the features better than other smart t-stats I’ve seen. However, when something goes wrong, just know that you will not receive support from the company to resolve the issue. If you value your time and your money you will stay far away from ecobee.
Great thermostat, easy install, Alexa is a hit! Overall, this thermostat has exceeded my expectations, which were high given the expert reviews which tout this as the best smart thermostat on the market right now.The install was incredibly easy, and my home was not equipped with the infamous “C” wire. Ecobee bests the competition here by including the power extender kit in the box which allows you to do some minor wiring work at your furnace and allow the thermostat to be powered by your HVAC system instead of relying on battery power. Even with the wiring at my furnace, the entire install was less than 45 minutes. Ecobee provides great support via the included install manual, but even better support is provided in the app and on their website making it easy to see this through every step of the way.Once installed, controlling my furnace by setting a schedule and inputting our preferred comfort settings was a breeze. I haven’t tested A/C unit control given the temperatures this time of year, but I’m confident the Ecobee will perform well in that task as well. One limitation on the scheduling is only being able to adjust the time in 30 minute increments. This isn’t a huge deal, and can probably be fixed in a software update, but it is odd to not be able to make more refined schedules. Some great features are the occupancy detection which can put the unit into “away” mode if it detects you’re not home, and it’s smart enough to ignore this during “sleep” time.What really sets this thermostat apart are two things: the remote sensors and built-in Alexa. The unit comes with one sensor out of the box, and this is a genius way to capture hot or cold spots in your home if the thermostat location isn’t ideal. The setup for the sensor is a breeze and there are a lot of customizable options for how the sensors are integrated into the programming. Alexa integration though is what blows me away with this thermostat. Having this in the unit has been awesome for our household. The included microphones and speaker are great quality and I’ve had no complaints on the Alexa functionality. We have no other Alexa products in our home for comparison, but we’ve been amazed by this feature.Overall this thermostat lives up to the hype as the best on the market, and I highly recommend!
Good thermostat; worst Alexa device ever. It works pretty well as a thermostat. Initial software setup is a little cumbersome but the physical instructions and setup is as easy or easier than a regular non-smart thermostat. The downfall is that it has Alexa, but a completely useless Alexa. I literally have to stand six inches away and cup my hands to yell at it for a response. It has "touch to talk" which is much easier. It was so bad, I sought a solution from tech support. They saw there was a problem and sent a replacement. It was just as bad.So get the ecobee3 and if you want Alexa, put an Echo Dot on the wall next to it. I promise you that's a better, cheaper and more versatile solution. It's easier to walk to or yell at a different Echo to get a response.Another flaw: It has this great sensor for another room. Handy. But you can't buy one more; they sell them only in pairs for $75! That's ridiculous.I should return it and buy the ecobee3, but I'm sticking it out, hoping there's a firmware update someday that will make it useful. Or I'll just get used to push to to talk. After all, Amazon upgraded my Echo Tap so I don't need to push the button. If only the ecobee had as nice of a speaker. (No, the speaker is not even as good as the one on a Dot.)
A perfect product This thermostat is as close to perfect as you can get. It's exactly what I wanted, and more. I've always had Honeywell smart thermostats. I almost bought another one before I figured I'd give the ecobee4 a try. What a great decision! It's super user friendly and a breeze to install. The extra sensor works as advertised. I placed it in our bedroom, and it takes the average temp of both locations. What a great system! I also love the built-in Alexa. Don't forget to install the ecobee Alexa skills before you use that feature. Awesome product! I'm glad I gave ecobee a shot.
Ecobee with PEK is garbage Ecobee4 is awful. Maybe it works better with a true 5 wire system, but not with a 4 wire system. Everyday it's a new problem with this thing. Furnaces typically have an auto shutoff for the burners if they are on too long. The ecobee with PEK won't sense that the burners have turned off and keep the fan running indefinitely while blowing out cold air. Usually the fix for this is to turn off the system then turn back on. One day this happened when I was away and I came home to a 57 degree house.The main reason I bought the ecobee over the nest was for the remote sensors. My bedroom can get really warm at night so I have the sleep mode to only use the remote sensor in the bedroom. I set this at 60 degrees, sometimes it works other times the heat is running wile the sensor reads 76 degrees.I will never buy anything from ecobee again. To be honest I'm not sure I will even get a nest or other competing product, I may just go back to the basic dumb thermostat, at least they work.
Nifty integration of 2 things I didn't really need :) Initial purchase was driven by our pseudo-smart thermostat that was a pain to program manually and would forget all settings whenever the power went out (and didn't automatically handle daylight savings) + interest in trying Alexa without committing to buying a separate device. We also got a sweeeet discount through GA Power, so see if your power provider has any rebates.About a week post-installation, we are loving it. We have a ~1200 sq ft home and the Ecobee is located pretty much smack-dab in the middle of it, in the hallway. That means we can holler at Alexa from most rooms and it can respond; music can reach all rooms assuming no other noise interferes (tv, vacuum cleaner, furnace); can set a timer or alarm by poking head out of the kitchen--awesome when your hands are messy due to food prep! No more smearing the timers with E. coli :). All in all, a neat upgrade for a small home with a fairly open floor plan.If we ever want to disconnect Alexa, that's an option, and we'll still have a working thermostat (the thermostat works as long as the furnace is powered; it has flash memory. So, if your wifi is not working you lose some functionality but not the thermostat function itself). The remote temp/occupancy sensor is a bonus and again, useful for a small house where you may need to better inform the main thermostat about what's going on in a room that gets too cold/hot. The music "service" that's part of Amazon Prime is sufficient for non-audiophiles who just want to play a few songs here and there but don't need access to every song ever (it also plays any music the registered user has purchased through Amazon).As to the thermostat functions, the touch screen, phone app or web interface give multiple access points and are fairly intuitive. The one-touch weather forecast display built into the unit is getting a lot of use. Having the Alexa "mute" button at the display is also super convenient (would take half a star off if I could for the fact that disabled Alexa means there's a red glowing bar atop the Ecobee4; just showing the microphone icon as disabled would have been sufficient. Ecobee is supposedly working on this, we'll see if they come through).Hope to update this review later, in particular once the product runs long enough to show us our usage data.
Don’t Bother Worst experience with a smart thermostat. It is not user friendly and the app isn’t very useful when it comes to controlling all of the features. I don’t know how the got to a 4th generation with a product like this. I will be purchasing a Nest thermostat to replace the ecobee4. I have had Nest thermostats in the past and have never had an issue with them. This product is not worth your money.
Five Stars Priced same as Best Buy. Easy to install. Son & family really like it.
Not my cup of tea, prefer Nest I honestly really wanted to like this. The integration with Alexa got me to try it over Nest which I've used for over a year. But I'm seriously disappointed in a few things that I'll get into. Let's do a Pros and ConsPros- Alexa device included so yes you can talk to alexa just like you do on echo, echo dot, phone, firetv, etc... beautiful blue light shows up- Easy to install, did a video of this on Zachus on YouTube. Maybe took 30 mins, nothing to it- Setup on the app was relatively easy, show this on the video as well- Sensor was easy to pair and setupCons- Screen is almost like an old DOS Screen, very old and outdated looking- Hard to use, had to go through and google a lot to figure out how to change the time zone, to change how high the temp could go, etc..- App is frustrating and difficult to use and you can do some things on the device or website you can't do on the app- I even had to write support because I couldn't get the time zone changed- seriously though it just hasn't performed as well as my Nest, the tempts are cool but nest app and smart is just way better. It knows when I'm away to go into eco mode and this Ecobee doesn't. Alexa works better with my Nest than the ecobee as well... Nest screen is better, way better than the eco bee.- Sensor I haven't seen any difference by having this...I actually bought 2 while it was on sale for $199 and am sending one back, went with Nest. Just better. 4 stars because it does work and it does have Alexa built in which is way cool but I prefer Nest. Hope this helps
Four Stars The thermostat is great. Alexa has fewer features than I had hoped that the Echo devices have.
My Thermostat talks to me. This thermostat built in sensor needed adjusting. The additional sensor was more accurate. I calibrated the two match. I love the fact you can have it program when to use the other sensors. Great innovation! I wished it intergrated fully into Alexa commands, like drop in, play on all devices and so forth. But I believe in time that will happen. I like the fact you can set your Thermostat to talk to you each day by setting reminders.** Be sure to utilize all the security options on you Amazon account as this device is consider a IoT device and could be managed remotely if security practices are not utilized. **
I want to use it it's nice Haven't used it yet a little problem I have a two wire furnace so I need to find adapter to use it ...it only works with the 3 or 4 wire hook up and c connection . I want to use it it's nice
GREAT PRODUCT better than i imagined echo built in verbal commands or set it up what ever suits your family and still save enery Wonderfull UNIT does so many things and includes an echo unit inside so ALEXA is alive. temp changes are easy it includes monitoring the house for movement with satellite sensors so if your home the house stays at the temp you set. if you choose it will also shut off the system to save energy.
This device works great. The mini senors are OK but don't make ... This device works great. The mini senors are OK but don't make much of difference if your HVAC system is not an advanced method allowing shutting off air to different parts of the house.
Very good thermostat, not so good as an Echo There was a price reduction of $50 by the manufacture, 3 days after I received the Ecobee4. When Amazon would not make a price correction I paid the shipping and returned it and then bought 2 of them at the new reduced price from another vendor (sorry Amazon, fix your policy).As a smart thermostat I would give it 5 stars with the many features it has. I have it connected with my 2 Amazon Echo Dots and also a Google Home Mini and they both work well with it. I had hoped that the Ecobee4's built-in Echo would actually give me better Echo coverage for the house and my other smart device controls, but the mic's are so weak on the Ecobee4 that I need to be 5-6 foot away for it to clearly pickup voice commands. The Ecobee phone app is OK, but the temp control slider acts goofy sometimes and may require a couple of tries to get it right. Overall I'd say it is better than the Nest mainly due to the extra room sensor that comes with it.
Five Stars Met all my expectations.
Installation nightmare I tried setting it up and had to call a professional and they couldn't even get it to work! I had to pay an extra $200 and still didn't get it installed. Nightmare!
Expensive thermostat with features that do not work as advertised I like the aesthetics, the thermostat looks great. The app is decent, but could use some improving. It is a programmable thermostat but they do not give you a lot of control as far as times, they only allow you to set your schedule in 30 minute increments which seems crazy if you’re trying to save money with a programmable thermostat. One of the primary reasons I purchased such an expensive thermostat was for the smart features though. I like that it was supposed to intelligently change the temperature based on my schedule. However I found that it was heating the house over two hours early apparently believing that it had to do this to raise the temperature in time. So rather than save money I’m heating the house for two extra hours each time my schedule changes. My biggest disappointment is that when I emailed customer service, the reply I got was a link to the directions on how to turn this feature off, not an attempt to help me fix it if, that’s even possible. If this is how the thermostat operates, I would recommend saving a50 $ and going with pretty much any other programmable thermostat.
Stay Away A disaster to get hooked up. When you run into a problem there is no one to help. HVAC people haven't a clue. A complete waste of money and then you throw away more money trying to get someone else to fix it. Beware! Stay away.
... switching for the pump but once I did I love it. To me a minute to figure out to reverse the call for the switching for the pump but once I did I love it..
Easy install/Works great! This thing was a breeze to put in and works very well. Bought another one for upstairs and plan to buy one for my rental condo
Check your existing wiring before you begin the install. Easy to install and use. It works great!
Three Stars App needs help. Returned.
I love it! highly recommended! I've had this now for a few months and I absolutely love it! The functionality is good and the interface is easy to use. The built-in Alexa is fun, but certainly not necessary. The phone app is good and allows for all the same functions that the thermostat itself offers. The best part for me is the additional sensors that can be used. My house doesn't regulate temperature very well between rooms but this thermostat allows me to put a sensor in my infant's room and keep their room at a constant temperature.
Came in no issues Came in immediately and no issues with it and like it so much better than the nest.
Awesome smart thermostat Great smart thermostat. Easy to install with clear instructions. The smart functions are great for controlling the temperature of your home while away and the sensors are a big help in making sure all rooms are properly adjusted for your temperature settings.
Four Stars some what difficult to install but seems like a gret product
Easy to install It was actually easy to install. Instructions were clear and online videos are helpful.I bought 2 additional sensors and I find that helps quite a bit in the balancing of the temperature throughout the house. Though they are not required, they are nice to have.I also like that the thermostat integrates well with other home automations.
After 5 months of use. When using alexa whole ... Alexa is not good on this unit
Worst support on the planet Worst support on the planet .3 hours and 6 minutes on hold waiting for tech support ,no one ever answered.After 2 hours and 6 minutes got a voicemail asking me to leave a message. Was on hold 1 hour before that and was disconnected,Most would have given up. My phone started dying, I plugged it into charger. Won’t connect to Alexa and sensors always say occupied regardless if room is occupied or not. Buy a Nest.NOTHING could be worse than this level of customer care. Don't believe me? Before you buy try calling Tech Support, If your on hold less than 2 hours I say go ahead and risk buying it....... if you like to gamble.
Over priced programmable stat that doesn't work with any accessories STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS! YOU WILL BE ON HOLD FOR HOURS AND THEN THEY HANG UP ON YOU. First off, customer service sucks. Don't even try to use ecobee customer service, you will get no where.They state it works with HRV units. It doesn't. It's a simple "ON" "OFF". if you have a humidistat with your HRV, forget about using it if you want your ecobee to control your HRV. I have a lifebreath 155max. Was told life breath models are not compatible by ecobee tech via email. My HRV has 4 wires and ecobee can't figure out where at least one of them goes? That's incredibly sad.Geofencing. Sucks as well. Only ONE person can use it. Setting up IFTT is a DISASTER with ecobee. Unless your a programmer, forget about it.Some random odd things. Ecobee kicks on your furnace fan at random times. Ecobee support tells you to call a professional installer to "fix" it. Ecobee temp swing, is a disaster. Set at 1.5 degrees swings between two and three degrees. The .5 is accurate but constantly kicks on and off the furnace. Alexa....VERY LIMITED. Not a real Alexa. Can't control other smart things. Quality control when pckaging is aweful.Maybe within 5 years ecobee will get it together enough to be a little contender in the market. But as of right now, ecobee is a very sadly over priced programmable thermostat.I had high hopes for this stat, but it's a serious disheartening letdown and customer service is well below sub par in knowing any products that can be used with the product that ecobee advertises it can use/do. Customer service can ONLY read back your settings to you as they are stored in their system.You pay $250 for this stat, then they tell you to get a professional havac guy out and that's another $150 at least. It's a disaster. Then they tell you it's YOUR furnace nd HRV that's broken. It's not, worked before the ecobee. It's their product that is broken.Ecobee relies on you calling a pro and paying them to work out the kinks of the ecobee and report back to them. You pay $400+ to test their product.With that said, it's a one star product at best. Nice idea, but it was released before it actually worked.
This is an excellent product. We had a professional HVAC company install ... This is an excellent product. We had a professional HVAC company install it. Good customer support as he had to call the company a couple of times during the installation process. Works very well. Unless you are really knowledgeable you should have a pro install it.
Don’t be intimidated by the install! Save yourself some money and do it yourself! Very easy! Just download the app to guide you. Super easy to install.. I did it myself! Besides knowing how to hardwire a ceiling light, I have no other experience or knowledge with electrical work. The installation instructions provided in the box was good but in my opinion, much better and more detailed by downloading the ecobee app. It was a bit nerve racking climbing up in the attic dealing with a bunch of wires on the HVAC but the ecobee app walks you step by step, providing pictures and other key features to help better assist with the installation. But that’s not it.. there’s also labeling stickers included in the ecobee install kit which is very convenient and important to do. Simply observe each wire in old thermostat and match the sticker to the correct wire before disconnecting. (See pic)The ecobee app also asks you a series of questions that narrow down your wiring in the Thermostat/HVAC. And based on your answers, the ecobee app eliminates wires that your not dealing with and will show you a diagram of the wires you DO have and how to connect them. I think the ecobee app is great and REALLY simplified the whole install.I was definitely impressed with myself when I was done. More so cause I couldn’t believe that the ecobee powered right on with no problems, troubleshooting or tech support.The one and only con (which is why I didn’t rate it 5 stars) is that I agree with ALL the other reviewers regarding the faulty Alexa feature in ecobee 4. I love the concept but find it much quicker to look up information rather then trying to communicate with her (Alexa).It also doesn’t vibe well with our other Alexa (Amazon Echo) in the kitchen. There’s a bit of a delay when the ecobee Alexa “feels” like working. So when my echo Alexa is already responding to a question, the ecobee Alexa responds at a delay and you end up hearing both Alexa’s with either the same or different answer.
I absolutely love the ecobee 4 I absolutely love the ecobee 4; it was easy to install and the set-up process only took a few minutes. The ecobee app will walk you through the process step by step if you are new to installing a smart thermostat. I have been sceptical of smart thermostats since the nest caused so many problems for us, but this works great. The built in Alexa is a nice touch as well.
Awesome thermostat, and the Alexa integration works to perfection Awesome thermostat, and the Alexa integration works to perfection. This thermostat can play music back to you. I saw some people trash the speakers on the ecobee4. First off, it’s a thermostat! If you want amazing sounding speakers don’t listen to music on your thermostat. Second, the speakers aren’t that bad. You can hear Alexa just fine, and for being a thermostat the music and news flash sounds just fine. Great product.
Works flawlessly, easy to install - love it! Saw a lot of mixed reviews on this product, but so far I've had zero issues with mine. The installation was relatively simple - I was able to get it done from start to finish (including drywall patching and painting under the old thermostat!) while my wife was at the grocery store, using the Power Extension Kit. It helped that I had watched the installation videos and inspected behind my old thermostat and inside the furnace in advance.I've had zero issues with the ecobee thermostat, sensor, or app (iPhone 7+). It's only been a day, but so far, so good. The unit has been properly reporting the internal temperature (measured with a second thermostat in the same area), running the fan & heat, detecting occupancy using both the thermostat and the room sensor, and working with my Amazon account.
USE YOUR APP!!! Absolutely thrilled with this thermostat so far. The flexibility of the thermostat to have a schedule set, but to allow the thermostat to sense movement in the home that would override the schedule. Priceless. I cannot wait to get further into the ecobee - trending and really using the sensors to dictate temperature; like the easy after the fact zoning. The fact that it will not only make my home more comfortable, but will help me be more efficient. Priceless. Additionally - the only thing that I would have to stay might make this 4.95 stars instead of 5 would be the fact that the Alexa app built in doesn't act like other Alexa enabled devices. However, it's still fairly new so we'll see how time impacts.
Customer service might be the worst I've encountered Product is ok, the app is not very user friendly. Customer service might be the worst I've encountered.
Amazing device Everything about this device is really amazing.I was really looking forward to being able to use this but ultimately, I was not able to make a bridge connection from RC to RH. Everything I read said I should be able to connect my current system to this one. But the distance is too far.Still looking forward to being able to connect it. My next plan is to pull new wire but it is kind of complicated.
Simply the best!!! This thermostat is amazing. Smarter than its competitors (Lyric, Nest, etc.) the Ecobee 4 balances your whole home, not just the temp in the hallway with its remote room sensors. It has changed the comfort and consequently increased the happiness of our home for the better. No more worrying about the temp in the kids rooms. With this thermostat we can prioritize their rooms or just let them be averaged in with all of the other readings from different locations in the home. Set up is guided by the thermostat itself and so simple and that anyone can install one and have all over comfort for their home in just 30 minutes! Don't pass this one by, because it really is the whole package and a new, better way to make comfort and savings as a priority in your home.
No Ecobee 4 support .. no Vacation I have now had the ecobee 4 for 3 months.. and it ok... not great.. I'm now written because I have been on the phone waiting for support for 45 minute , now this is not the first time I have waited for over 30 minute... but it is not getting any better .. was unable to set up Vacation setting .. would not take any dates of times .. so had to turn OFF the Ecobee 4 for 5 days .. came home to a house at 50 deg... sorry to say I misplaced my Phone so could not ,do anything remote..
Good smart functions, easy setup, terrible password synch issues. The actual function of the device and setup is pretty good and relatively easy. Setting schedules and figuring out types of "schedules" for each day vs. manual operation is a bit tricky, time consuming, and non-intuitive. The design is pretty good, but not as elegant as the Nest. It integrated well with out Abode Security system and HomeKit. The biggest headache is something very simple but absolutely "pulling out hair" frustrating. The passwords seem to somehow get out of synch between web, the two apps (my wife's and my phones), and HomeKit. Every few days it asks for a password, and when we enter the last one we changed it to, it says it's incorrect, and then locks us out. So in 2 months of operations, I've changed the password at least 3-4 times, and then have to do it on my wife's app as well. It also took me a 1/2 day to figure out that when it doesn't accept your new password attempt (repeat, too many symbols, whatever), it doesn't tell you that, it just says it's wrong. Also, it would be nice if the remote temp sensors could be easier to access in the menus - we have baby and toddler kids and live in an older less insulated house, and when sleeping, I care little about the thermostat temperature, but very much about the kids rooms which can be many degrees colder....but it takes several menu clicks to get there....but at least it has remote sensors (vs. the Nest).
Best smart thermostat on the market Best smart thermostat on the market. It is awesome being able to listen to the radio in the morning with this device.
Welcome To The Ecobee Hive.... NOTE: before you buy the Ecobee, please note, you will need electrical power to the thermostat. The thermostat does NOT run on a battery, so you need a 'C' wire at the thermostat, or an unused wire, or at the very least, a C termination on the furnace control board (more below under CONNECTION).I got this recently as a gift from my kids and it is awesome. My former thermostats were not smart, but had enough features for my liking. They could hold multiple programs for heating and cooling, and were "smart" enough to start the furnace or air cycle to reach the desired set point at the appropriate time. Example: if you wanted 74 degrees at 6 AM, the thermostat would start the HVAC several minutes earlier so that at 6 AM you were at 74. So, not wifi, not "smart" but good enough.The Ecobee4 totally wowed me. I like gadgets, but am particular and I like my technology to work. So, what's in the box?* The Ecobee 4* Room sensor* A "power extender" (more on that later)* Mounting kit (base plate, anchors and screws, and optional trim plate),SET UP:An absolute breeze, and you can follow the phone app, or the included manual. Either walk you through prep, connection options, and actual thermostat boot up and configuration.CONNECTION:Unlike their main competitor, Nest, which provides a battery option, the Ecobee 4 runs ONLY on an electrical wire, also known as a 'c' wire. Before you sweat that you need an electrician, there are a few ways to get lucky here.1. You already have a 'C' wire on your existing thermostat. Thermostat wire is usually run as 18/4 or 18/5, being 18 gauge 4 wires or 18 gauge 5 wires. Ideally here, you have 5 wires.2. If you have only 4 wires currently connected, you still may be in luck. Check where the thermostat is mounted, and by the furnace wires. If you have an unused wire, often curled around the end of the wire sheath, and usually BLUE, you are pretty much home free. It does NOT have to be blue, that's just the most common free wire.3. If you do not have 5 wires in use or a free 5th wire, another option is to re-purpose the fan wire (usually green). This will limit your ability to run the fan alone without the HVAC on, but is an option.4. You can use the provided "power extender" kit, which basically connects at the furnace end, and makes use of existing wiring for thermostat power.Still with me? I got lucky and had an unused blue wire, so I connected that to the C terminator on my furnace control board AND the C terminal on the Ecobee baseplate. Assuming you can make a connection with one of the four methods above…..INSTALLATION:First decide if you are going to use the optional trim plate. I found a tacky contrast, because the Ecobee is sleek black and the trimplate is white plastic (like recessed light d blue wire, so I connected that to the C terminator on my furnace control board AND the C terminal on the Ecobee baseplate. or smoke detector trim). I preferred to take my old thermostat off the wall, still wired, spackle, and prime and paint my wall.After that, basically, you take pictures or notes of what wires go where on the old thermostat, then remove the connections, making sure to tie or tape off the wires so they don’t fall into the wall! Then mount the Ecobee baseplate. It even has a tiny level in it to help you keep it straight.You drill two 3/16” holes for its anchors and screw it to the wall. Then the wires connect into little locking terminals. Mount the Ecobee onto the baseplate, aligning the pins and snapping it into place.CONFIGURATION:Turn on your power. The Echobee will boot up, and walk you through prompts about your systems, etc. Nothing technical and you can go back and change everything.I found it easiest to do the basic setup and then use their website to make schedules, etc.TIP: Along with the Ecobee phone app, remember to also launch your Alexa app and discover the Ecobee under Smart Home. This will give you full access and flexibility with the thermostat. Once your device is discovered and named (example ”Upstairs”), you can use any of your Echo, Dot, etc. to control it, along with the thermostat itself. Remember though, this is an Alexa-enabled device not an Eco, so it won’t handle some Alexa features like join a music device group, etc.FEATURES:You can make a myriad of schedules, on the fly adjustments, vacation schedules, and make use of the on-board sensor and included free-standing sensor to tell when rooms are occupied and have the thermostat adjust settings for a cold spot. Very neat. Alexa-connectivity is a big feature, of course, and smart “recovery” modes are helpful for efficiency and comfort. This is where the thermostat learns how your HVAC works, and factors in weather, to start its cycles early enough to reach the desired set points on time. Factor in the ability to control the thermostat via Alexa, smartphones, and a PC dashboard, and the Ecobee does just about everything.CONS:There are a few things I do not like about the Ecobee, so although overall I li it a lot, these are BIG annoyances:1. You seem to have to adhere to half hour increments, so you can choose 6 AM or 6:30 AM, but not 6:15 AM. That’s silly on a device this versatile, and most programmable thermostats, smart or not, offer that flexibility.2. The schedule comfort settings and activities require a heat and cooling setting in each. I have a need to have more frequent temp changes for cooling than heating, so instead of being able to add a cooling only “activity”, I had to make an activity with both heat/cooling, and leave the heat setting the same as the prior activity, while changing the cooling temp. As with the time increments, sloppy.3. Alexa is slower to respond on the Ecobee than on my 1st gen Echo, 2nd gen Echo, or Eco Dot. This occasionally results in my Echo in the adjacent room responding first, but with the Ecobee’s blue Alexa light still on.Overall though, I like it and am glad I installed it. I think Ecobee needs a firmware upgrade though, to allow for more flexibility in scheduling, such as 15 minute increments, and more individualized heating/cooling comfort settings
Prime Member Dud so far. Arrived timely. Used Amazon for installation. Guy arrives timely. Could not get the unit to power up. 35 min on the phone with Amazon. Got disconnected. Have a unit that doesn’t work, paid for an installation that never happened. Not feeling the New Year love from Ecobee or Amazon. Didn’t think a Prime member would get disconnected after waiting 35 minutes. If I could give zero stars I would.
Easy Installation, Easy to Use, Smart, and Eligible for Great Rebates Although I didn't buy this from Amazon, but from a large home supply store, I did most of my research at Amazon. I was a bit intimidated by having to rewire my furnace thermostat wiring, but the instructions worked beautifully to get the C wire benefits from the power unit supplied by Ecobee. The thermostat works great. Much better control with the old digital thermostat I was using. Alexa is a plus and it's not close to my other Echoes, so there isn't any confusion. If there was, I'd just shut the microphone off. I got a $100 rebate from my gas company and a $50 from my electric company. You'll have to check with your own utilities to see what's available. With the holiday $50 price reduction, I ended up buying the unit (net after the rebates come in) for $50. The Ecobee 3 lite didn't qualify for the gas company rebate, so it ended up less than the cheaper version. The graphics are great. I have it working with my Echo Dots and with Apple Homekit. The sensor is in our bedroom and we really haven't had a chance to see how well it works, but so far, so good. I recommend it, even if the built-in Alexa integration doesn't make sense. If you are close enough to talk, you are close enough to lift your finger and change the temps with your digits. For $50, how can I go wrong?
Buy It! Never had a Nest or any other smart thermostat but I love this thing. Alexa being integrated is an awesome feature but you need the Echo plus to control it with your voice.
Ecobee 3 + Alexa Similar to the Ecobee 3. Works ok. Unfortunately, the house was designed to keep the thermostat close to the rooms, so the Alexa features on it, go somewhat wasted. If I were to buy one again, I'd just get the Ecobee 3, but that's also because I don't have another Alexa appliance. It's fun to set temperatures from Alexa, but normally the app is fast and straight forward.Check if your furnace has some sort of failsafe. Normally the first thing these failsafe mechanisms do, is to remove power, causing the thermostat to go down with it. So, I'm considering adding power exclusively for the thermostat.
Won’t power on I have an ecobee 4 which I bought at Lowe’s. It should have been a simple swap from a nest thermostat to the ecobee. But it was not. The ecobee would not power on at all. So it may be defective or not compatible with my wiring. Even though I had an electrician out to add a common wire to my system especially for the ecobee it does not power on. Put the nest back and everything works. So go figure. So now we will upgrade when the nest quits working.
So far working great... Works great, installed myself. Very easy to install, had to use power booster (included) but much faster than I thought it would be. Received $50 rebate from gas company, brought overall cost down. Looks very professional in living room and had family remark on it. Have to wait to see impact on gas bill.
WE LOVE THIS REMOTE OR ALEXA VOICE CONTROL THERMOSTAT WE LOVE THIS REMOTE OR ALEXA VOICE CONTROL THERMOSTAT
Great so far So far so good. I have had it for a little over a month and I love the integration with Smartthings. The remote sensor is also a nice addition. Alexa is definitely not as sensitive as my echo devices but that is ok with me. I prefer my echo devices to respond anyway. Installation was pretty simple for my application. Hard to say how much energy it is saving because this past month has averaged 30-40 degrees colder than last month here in northern indiana but hopefully after a few months I will have a better idea. I removed the scheduling because I like to control the temperature using smartthings and CORE.
Most incredible Smart Home Device!!!  Room Sensors, Alexa, smart home hvac, support for all major smart home hubs, fanastic customer service, incredible speaker, easy to install, wow! This is the best iot smart home device we own! Please see attached video review! :)