Was defective but works It works fine but the thermostat was a little defective - it doesn’t fully click into place and it comes off the wall easily. Clearly a refurbished unit that someone returned. I would not buy again. The price difference is not worth having a defective unit, although as I noted, it does work.
Good product I would have given it a five star had it come with an off setting, or programmed that feature in. Over all great product.I think my bill went down but i could not say for certain for it started getten cooler. I think it saves money by you knowing how much energy you are using.
Would recommend Works great second nest product I have purchased and would get another!
Bought this for my kids for their new home and they absolutely love it Bought this for my kids for their new home and they absolutely love it
b'???????????? Great product a true must have . Expensive but pays for itself in the long run'
Great product! Great product!
DO NOT BUY NEST 3rd Generation Thermostat Less than ten months old and it has died. Won’t hold a charge. Save your money. @ $200 plus shipping and installation, it breaks down to $31 a month and a service call.
Excellent Product Very easy set-up. Called Nest Customer Service and they were able to help with set up. I have Amazon echo and works with Alexa. Alexa will need some time to learn a few more commands but it will come with time
Great stat! Been hesitating on buying this stat and glad I did! Should have bought it sooner. Easy install with directions included!
Just a nice looking thermostat I was super excited to get out of the Stone Age and start making my home smart. While the Nest looks flashy and makes you feel like your house could be smarter, it just doesn’t deliver for the price point. There are some things I love about it... the look, how the dial functions, the motion sensor, how it’s on WiFi. But the whole smart predictive capabilities are just not as smart as they make it seem. I find that I have to be the one to adjust the temp every single time. The worst part is that every night the heat kicks on at 2:30 in the morning, probably to heat up before we wake up, but my house heats up in less than an hour so 3:00am rolls around and I’m boiling. So I have to get up and crank it down time after time. This would be fine if the Nest could pick up the hint and learn not to do that but for some reason it just doesn’t. This really makes me question how smart it actually is and makes me think that it’s just not worth the price. They should really just make a nest for half the cost and not pretend that it’s going to change your life... it’s just a sleek thermostat.
Remote access Installation went very easy and the Nest is performing well.
Defective POS Defective POSI had one installed by Tesla that works and they wired me for another.The new one has a battery that won’t hold a charge.No way I have to waste hours returning the POS
The best Meeks your home look like a million dollars
Warning! Nest is now owned by Alphabet and is being incorporated into Google’s Smart Home system. I purchased the 3rd Gen. Nest thermostat only to return it after learning Nest has recently been repurchased by Google’s parent company Alphabet. Google is an information and marketing company that gets it’s information by offering services, ie GoogleMaps, Gmail, Chrome and selling the user information for marketing purposes.Although I was interested in the features offered by a wifi thermostat, it is not worth the price of my personal information on an ongoing basis.
Great product Almost perfect, it works with only two wires. Unbelievable.
Money safer for keeping the air at different times Loves how this saves the info for when I turn on the air
Great product Easy to install. Save time and money when using
Love the functionality. Love the ability to set it on a schedule.
Nest Thermostat Looks good on the wall. Works like a charm. I like this product.
No HOLD feature Great product with one giant flaw. No HOLD feature.
What a difference it makes! We needed a new motor for our AC unit and decided to get this Alexa ready thermostat. Now I can control early morning heat and afternoon cooling with my voice through the Alexa on my Tablet. Works great, easy to set up and pleased with how easy it is to put everything on a schedule!!! Love is a strong word, but it fits with this device.
If your house's AC and Heater do not have C wire, don't buy it!!! The Nest does not tell you the details requirements for installing the Nest thermostat in its description or instruction. There is no C wire on my AC or heater unit. To install Nest, I need to get a certified electrician to do a rewire. BAD!!!I would not buy Nest if I knew it.
Very good product! After you purchase one you will wonder why you didn't buy one earlier. Awesome Sauce!!!
Good Product - Easy to install and User Friendly I bought a Nest thermostat after a bad experience with a Honeywell one. The Nest was easy to install and the programming is user friendly. I would definitely buy this again.
Awesome thermostat This was a great buy. So easy to install. No need to pay anyone to do it. So easy. Friendly interface. Great features. So glad we got it!!!!
Malfunctioned Does not work as advertised. We replaced in December of 2017 due to constant failures. Great concept
Excellent Easy to install and use. Great customer service.
Love this product! Nest seems to be a great company producing highly useful products. I went with this item since I already had the Nest camera and fire / smoke detectors. They all work extremely well and interface with my phone app. I've not used the "memory" mode on the product to 'learn' my temp needs, but I do use the phone app when I'm remote to check on temp, etc. Great product.
Perfect Perfect
Exceeds all other thermostates i have used and installed several thermostats. this one is the best i have ever seen. others drift off the mark. Not this one. it is very intelligent and maintains the temperature in the home. when it sees the temperature outside, and it sees the humidity in the home. you could not ask any more. this unit is over the top. i cannot wait to try some of their other products.
Best part? Changing the temp from my Galaxy phone and iPad! Had a bit of a hiccup on wiring, but with simple (to me) troubleshooting was able to resolve. The nest incorrectly guessed that I had a heat pump system, but once I disconnected the extra wires, it correctly guessed that I have a gas forced air system. The device itself is attractive, easy to use, and the connectivity features are very nice.After comparing the Nest to everything else on the market (Ecobee, Johnson Controls Glas, Honeywell smart thermostats, etc.) I decided on the Nest. For the price and features you get, this is the best bang for your buck.
DOES NOT WORK WITH OLDER HOMES!!! What they do not tell you is that if your house is more than 10 years old the Nest thermostats probably will not work without rewiring your system. I am now in a cold house a day after installing two Nests that did not communicate with my system. Two electricians have told us that they will not work. So we re-hooked up the old thermostats, and they are now not working either. So DO NOT buy this product if you have a home older than 10 years, unless you consult your HVAC guy.
Excellent, easy installation Replaced my existing Honeywell thermostats with 2 Nest thermostats in under 30 minutes.
A must have This is my second Nest. I bought my first when I purchased my house 4 years ago and when I put that house on the market I bought another Nest for my new home before I even closed escrow so I would have it right away! I love being able to change the temp when I’m comfortable in my bed or before I even get home from work. It’s very easy to set up and I also like how it gives you the outside temps for the next several hours.
Quality & cost Easy install hi tech
Great device Rebate through my state made this 50% off
love it Super easy to install and easy to work -- why did I wait so long to purchase this product? So cool, I bought two.
Too much hype for nothing, bad product with bad support Spent 3 hours on the phone with Support troubleshooting, swapping wires from contact to contact, etc., to no avail, it kept blowing hot air instead of cool. The wait time to talk to Senior Support staff is 45 minutes! A product that is incompatible with most systems, plus a frustrating support service. Don't buy, stay with your current brand of thermostat. After all, this fancy looking gadget doesn't really offer anything special; you just need cool air in the summer and that is all you expect from a thermostat.
15+ hours of my life I won't get back...... Initially loved this thing until, well, it didn't work as we wanted. Wanted to run thermostat off our phones (new iphone and samsung s9.) Easy setup in app, but very unreliable (leave and it would sometimes recognize that you left, same when returning - if didn't check app, AC would run most the day.) We both spent 2 hours on Nest support with senior tech rep (painful to get to that level) and seemed to be working. Over the next couple of days it was unreliable as before. Would not work with one phone or two. Another 1.5 hrs on the phone with tech support. Rep went over all settings (same as before, no change), but then told us to add actual street address instead of just the flag on the map. Tried that over next couple of days, no help. Tried calling support again, but got stuck on hold for almost 40 minutes so decided to punt. Unit worked with schedule only, but why pay $250 for a programmable thermostat I can get for $29? T Stat will be going back. Hopefully, they will fix issues one day.
Smart move to make Love it. Learns your habits and schedule. Power bill went down some
Does exactly what it says Works great and has saved me some money!
Great product Came as expected and works great.
Worth it Works great will save a lot of money. Old one I couldn't program, this is great
Stop working middle of night and over heated my house. No one should ever purchase this item. I bought two for my new home and in the middle of the night they decided to not work. we woke up to a very hot house in the middle of a NY summer over 85 degrees, at the time my duaughter was only a few months old and could have over heated. I tried to contact NEST about the issue and they could care less. Supposedly NEST runs on WiFi and while searching for WiFi the connection was blown. Very dangerous Situation. Took forever for a refund of the item from Amazon bc they said I had to go through nest first who was no help. Then upon returning both I was recharged for one saying they didn’t get the second that was in the same box. I would never ever recommend this item to anyone. We are now back to the original thermostats and have never had an issue ever again.
Bought in February 2018, not working properly October 2018. HVAC repairman came out (someone I trust, too) and found out my NEST had a short or some electrical problem that dropped power to the furnace. I had to replace this expensive thermostat well inside a year. He indicated it was not the first he's replaced with the same problem(s).
Excellent Product! I Love it. Excellent Product!
Just as described All is good
... this to keep an eye of the thermostat and easily changed from the bedroom or miles away Thrilled with this to keep an eye of the thermostat and easily changed from the bedroom or miles away.
Fabulous product. This is a fabulous product! So easy to set up too. I enjoy how it lights up as you walk by at night & illuminates the hall. I’ll be installing the doorbell next.
NEST wont connect to App at all. Nest thermostat wont connect to App at all. Tried many times connecting and re-installing the app, didn't work. Tried resetting thermostat, even that didn't work. Customer rep was not at all helpful. They were just pointing figures to internet vendor. I will not recommend this product to anyone. Worst customer service ever.
Five Stars EVERY HOUSE SHOULD HAVE THE "NEST".
very good product, nice use of technology i found it to be relatively easy to install and the directions are easy to follow
Very Easy to Install Before ordering, I did a little bit of research online. I found the Nest website very helpful to ensure the wiring from the old thermostat would be compatible with the Nest unit, and it provided excellent visual aids as far as how to wire it correctly.Once I received the new thermostat from Amazon, I did the swap in about 30 minutes. I felt I was unboxing an iPhone since the packaging and instructions are top-shelf.Watching a few YouTube videos helped a lot with the install and I advise you to do the same.I’ve had the Nest thermostat for about a week now and it’s still learning my preferences, but one thing I noticed almost immediately was how much better calibrated it was compared to the old unit (which dated back to the 1990s).The old thermostat kept the a/c running far longer than needed, I assume because of its location in the hallway. The Nest thermostat keeps house temps even and far better without running the a/c for long periods of time. This will save me money as far as the electricity bill is concerned. That alone will pay for the unit in less than a year.Anyway, very pleased with my purchase!Thanks for reading.
Buy it Super convenient, cant wait to change the temperature of the house from my bed
Must have for smart home. This is higher quality than the Nest E. The bezel is a type of glass and not plastic. The PG&E rebate takes the sting out of the cost. Being able to adjust your temps from anywhere is awesome.
Great, everybody use NEST !!! Purchased , because everyone use NEST. We can control it from phone. It is very convenient !!
It works and it's easy to install! I have had mine for a few months now and I certainly like the fact that this is saving me money on my electric bill. I have went on vacation and also could control it from afar! I recommend this highly for you cost savings for your home!
Easy Setup and Straight Forward Directions I had my doubts about this working with my current HVAC system that is about 20 to 30 years old. But I followed the directions along with a little help from the nest website and I was up and running within 15 minutes. Setup is super easy. I'm very happy how it allows you to test the system before activating it. Overall the setup was super easy. If I were to recommend it to anyone I would say go for it.
Love my new thermostat I love its very high tech, can control from phone, easy to use and set up. I had an electrician install it but others may be able to do it themselves. Nice how you can change temp from anywhere.. and its sleek and small.very happy with purchase!
Awesome Love it
Work ok Works ok. Temperature sensor problems started to occur after about 2 weeks of use
It's not as great as they say It works and thats why it gets 3 stars, the applications on your phone stop working so all the programing you do just gets lost. Defiantly not worth $250. Could have gotten a better system for way cheaper!
Good thermostat but a slow learner I recently installed a Nest thermostat for the heat pump system in my house and am generally pleased with it. The installation was relatively easy and the Nest customer service people emailed me the wire hookup for my particular Carrier system. They were quick to respond and very helpful. The only thing I haven't been impressed with is the Nest's learning mode. I'll have to call it a slow learner because during the first week every evening when I returned home, always at about the same time, the Nest hadn't brought the system up in cooling mode and one evening it was 80 degrees in the house. I turned off learning mode and simply used the Nest online app to program the temperature sequence I want for an entire day. The thermostat I replaced was also a programmable device, but programming had to be done at the thermostat looking at its tiny screen. The Nest, on the other hand, is a snap to program. I'm generally pleased with my purchase and will probably retry the learning mode once cool weather arrives in East Texas.
You have to buy this! Amazing!! I love how it works and how you can control it wherever you are.
Love it Easily one of the best purchases made for a home. So easy to use. Saves on energy.
Its worth the money We wish we would of bought this sooner. It helps keep cost down. It works perfectly from the app or away from home. It also has a function for this time of year when its cold in the morning but hot in the afternoon. You can set the heat to come on at a certain temp then have the air come on at a certain temp!
Cool me down Works great so far
Extremely unreliable The first Nest 3 was installed in July 2018. It lasted 3 days. In that time, I spent about 3 hours on the phone with increasing levels of tech support, only to be told in the end that the unit was defective. Nest sent a replacement.This one has lasted about 3 months. Now, again after several hours on the phone and in emails with tech support (most of whom were very good), Nest has determined that this unit is now defective and they are sending a replacement.The biggest consequence arising from the defects is that the unit and the PC application display information that is not accurate. So, you cannot rely on the unit to tell you what is really going on in your house when you are absent. Your house temp could be 100 degrees or 4 degrees, but the unit could be telling you that all is well. I certainly have absolutely no confidence in the reliability of the Nest.It looks great and the tech support people for the most part are very good, but that does not make up for very poor technical reliability.
Ease of install Very easy install. Was able to complete the first one in 29 minutes and second one in 20 including replacing the wall plate and config and tests.Excellent operability and install also working well for now without any issues.
one of the worst products I have ever used today I had my nest removed after suddenly finding it had turned on my AC blower and nothing I did would turn it off. the support web site had many people describe the same issue and all that was offered to turn the fan off through the menu or delete the app and ultimately when I had last looked no one had their issues resolved. we frequently would turn off all optimization and motion based operation only to find the house overheated as the nest device decided since there was no one home it should shut the ac off ... the setup with the arcane serial number was a poor design ... it’s gone... never a nest product ever again...
Satisfied Had few issues at setup but overall we aresatisfied.
works really well the ease of self installing
Why did I wait so long to get this?! This thermostat is awesome!! It's quick and easy to install, and the setup process is a breeze! Also, it doesn't require a c-wire like most wifi thermostats. It works great with Alexa too. I can't wait to see the energy savings...
I really wanted to like this... I have been running the NEST Learning Thermostat for most of this summer and it has not saved us a dime as far as I can tell. Firstly, even though it is set to go into Eco mode when we are away, it never does. Learning, forget it. You have to have very predictable entry/exit times for that to work. I don't and so it just makes a mess of my temperatures. Example: All of a sudden I notice how hot it is and that's because it "learned" to set the temp high at 2pm just like the day I left the house and set it high... This is the opposite of AI or Smart. Lastly -- the thing that really burns me, I thought that the NEST could be controlled remotely with an iPhone. Well it cannot. No matter what I set in the app, absolutely nothing happens in the house. I can see what the temperature is and what all the settings are, but that's it. No control. So that seems totally pointless.I tried to address these issues with the troubleshooting wizard and it referred me to TS when it was done and could not find an issue. I sent a detailed message to TS from that wizard and have not had any response in three weeks. I think that is long enough to give them.
Saved me so much money This thing has saved me so much money. I live in a smaller apartment, but it was VERY EASY to install. And I can take it with me when I move. (I kept the old one to replace when I move). Love that I can control it from my phone anytime anywhere.
I don't get it... I purchased this 2 years ago on the advice of the 2nd gen by a neighbor and I don't understand the glowing reviews.Pros: Nest has top notch customer service. They helped with the install (you send them a picture of your wires and they get back with you on how to install it, if it works with your system), installation was a breeze, and they're very responsive to the numerous troubleshooting issues that I've had, often spending 20 minutes to over an hour on the phone with me to diagnose and fix problems. The product looks sleek, is small, and is easy/intuitive to use. It connects to the wifi effortlessly and is easy to remove and reinstall. My setup in the entryway gets hit with direct sunlight, which the Nest accounts for, so it doesn't over heat or cool the house. I can access the thermostat (and other Nest products) using the app and adjust the settings from anywhere.Cons: Product quality and the software could really use some work. As mentioned earlier, I've had numerous issues with my Nest. Last year, after owning it for less than a year, I spent over an hour on the phone with the rep trying to get my 'smart' thermostat to stop deciding what temperature to set the house for me. I would come back from work and the house would be 8 degrees too hot. The rep had me reset it entirely, which meant 24 hours with the system being off, and stated that there might be a sensor issue with my unit and to contact them again if it continued and they would replace it. 8 months later, I'm having the same issues, but they have amnesia about their offer to replace it, perhaps because it's probably out of warranty now. Lately (I've only owned it 2 years), the Nest drops the wifi for days on end. Perhaps it's a bad wifi card? It's been off wifi more than it's been on for the past 3 weeks. Finally, it would be nice if I could use it like other thermostats. I'm amazed that I can't just set it like other thermostats: Wake Up, Away, Return, Sleep. I don't need all of the fancy features that even the Nest reps can't get to work and a 'smart' thermostat that decides for itself, and overrides my preferences, what temperature I like my house is a problem.At this point, I don't know whether my issues are limited to my device or are indicitive of the product design.
Threw this piece of junk in the garbage Horrible product. If I could give 0 stars I would. Let me start off by saying I'm a pretty advanced handyman and have done plenty of HVAC work so I know what I'm doing. I had this unit for 3 months and my bill has gone up $100 each month. I had this hooked up to a duel fuel system (heat pump & propane backup). I installed it correctly under nest pro and correctly set the switch-over temp. This Nest does not run the heat pump correctly and would not blow the air hot. It took almost 4 hours for it to raise my house 2 degrees. Thinking it might have been the setting's I changed the O/B orientation even though I know my unit is an O. Also changed it from seasonal to every time, still wasn't heating correctly. This thermostat doesn't even give you the option to just run the Aux heat (propane). It only allows you to pick Heat, Cool or Heat & Cool, so for those of you with duel fuel you'll just have to hope the Nest is smart enough to switch over since you cant select it manually.It would run forever to cool. It would say 2+ hours to cool my downstairs by only 2 degrees. It also did not dehumidify the air good at all. Never got below 65% humidity. With it running for so long to change the temperatures it increased my electric bill by a lot.It's the product and not my HVAC system that is the problem. I bought one of Nest's competitors thermostats and hooked the wiring up exactly the same as it was in the Nest. The competitors thermostat cools my house 5 degrees within 30 minutes and brought the humidity down to 49%. It also tested the heat pump and Aux heat and they both heated no problem so that confirms it wasn't my HVAC equipment. Junk product.
Great thermostat Great product. Love how you can program and control air or heat away from home.
Great product! We love how we can manage our thermostat from our phone when we aren't even at home! It senses when someone walks by and reminds you of the current temperature, easy to work, let's you know when your settings are "eco-friendly"! We had been debating on purchasing the Nest for months now but so happy with our purchase!
Excellent!!!! These Nest learning thermostats are awesome!!! Control them from you phone, see how long your AC is running, run just the fan, lots of great features. Also you local electric company may have re-bait options for this. We have two ACs in our house and the two thermostats we bought have already paid for them selves in about 4 months. Our fiends and neighbors have them now too and they love them as well.
Perfect!! Very awesome product! Look for a rebate for this item for sure though!
Great! Works as advertised
LOVE IT Talked my landlord into buying this, and it's been awesome. Very nice being able to adjust the the thermostat with Alexa from bed, or the couch, or from my phone when not home to make sure I'm not wasting energy and the home is always comfortable. Energy usage tracking is nice too.
Makes your life easier Best investment for the money
The Nest Learning Thermostat Threw Me a Learning Curveball - But That's Okay! I actually purchased my Nest at a reduced rate with instant rebate back in July. Didn't really need to "test" it out until very recently as my house is the size of a postage stamp and heats up or cools down rather quickly. I purchased this unit because even though I don't have central air yet, I DO have a furnace that runs for about 7 months of the year give or take- as I live in Minnesota. It's not cheap to have to heat a home for so many months of the year and traditional timers are really a pain. I was constantly having to override my settings due to my work schedule (two jobs). After reviewing various specs/features - I settled on The Nest Learning Thermostat (3rd Generation).I will be honest, my start with the Nest Learning Thermostat came with an unintended learning curve. It was initially installed in July, but my furnace tune-up was only a few weeks ago. It began acting strangely immediately after my furnace tune-up. Came home to an 80 degree house and the thermostat had been set at 66- all this on the same day I had the tune up. The temp was not left at 80 - but the tech had turned it up to 81 to test out the furnace. Only problem is, it wouldn't turn off. Turning the thermostat down to 60 didn't work. Turning it OFF also didn't work. My furnace ran and ran...with no indication of it being on in the Nest App or the display for an entire day and spotty connections over the next few days. Three different service techs from local energy company tried to troubleshoot - and had collectively conferred with another four techs. The message to me - was to dump the Nest, they are nothing but trouble for their techs to service and that my house so small that the numbers were being thrown off (ridiculous logic)- or that I had a dud unit and that is why they collectively hate the Nest.Round and round I went...to techs and supervisors thru energy company, Youtube videos, you name it. Finally one tech said, I think you might need a C Wire (Common Wire), even though Nest advises this isn't needed. To clarify though, Nest does "some" users may need to install one so that the rechargeable faceplate will register data correctly and hold a charge. My energy company techs said, sorry we don't install wires (more ridiculousness) - plus we think the problem is the Nest anyway. I was on the verge of whipping this thing out into the middle of the street or driving over it repeatedly to give it a well deserved and glorious end.But...instead, I called Nest directly. More troubleshooting and very knowledgeable techs confirmed - that I MAY indeed need this wire. The talked me thru how to verify on my own that this wire was in fact missing. They then told me quite simply - they will PAY to have this installed by reimbursing me the cost. They even sent me a list of 5-star rated heating/cooling/electric companies with certified Nest Pros and provided me a list along with their phone numbers to call. They advised if it was over a certain dollar amount or if my system was in fact one of the minute number of systems that wasn't compatible - then they would also refund me what I paid for the Nest. I was hoping my system WAS compatible as my furnace is 6 years old and I have 100 amp service. I was able to get a tech from recommended company out next day. The "C" wire was installed, my invoice was approved by Nest within minutes after I emailed my invoice. (check will come in 4 to 6 weeks)I am still learning all of the features this unit has and am thus far very happy I decided to give Nest the chance it deserves and am supremely happy that this company is that adamant about their product. They begged me to give them a chance and to not give up on them. I gave them that chance and am very pleased by the customer service and the product. I hope long term that this unit is able to truly provide the peace of mind and cost savings it advertises and am really looking forward to using this device.
Customer support is first rate Every Nest product is fantastic
good good
Not sure it’s worth the price. I wanted state of the art, smart environmental control in my new home. These seem to work well even though we had a few glitches with the learning mode. For whatever reason it decided to crank the temp to popsicle in the middle of the night, leaving me to wake up finding myself trying to find a blanket. Solved the problem by turning off learning mode and using like a regular thermostat. Now it’s just a fancy, expensive thermostat. At least I can change the temp with my phone....
Love it! Love this thermostat! It’s already saving me money. Easy set up and easy install. I recommend this to everyone.
Once you go Nest, you can't go back This was required purchasing for my new house. That old school thermostat just isn't gonna fly. LOVE my Nest
Perfect form and function for a smart thermostat I bought the Nest unit for a couple of reasons. The first was that I wanted the ability to control our house temp from my phone. The other main reason is I wanted a smart thermostat that had the potential to save me money over the long term. I think the Nest thermostat is a win on both fronts.It took me all of about 10 minutes to remove my old unit and replace it with this one. The directions are easy and the unit itself will show you what wires are connected to verify what it is reading. Once installed you create a Nest account and download the app for your Android or iPhone. Voila, you have a smart thermostat!Having owned it for about 6 months I can confidently say it saves us 10% - 15% a month off our heating/cooling bill. I figure it will pay for itself in savings in about 14 months. Our heating/cooling bill is probably more than most as our house is at 7100 feet and the weather changes frequently. Your mileage may vary.
Worked for less then a week and died Just moved into our new house and Installed the Nest. We were pretty happy with it until my AC unit stopped working. We were getting ready to call for servicing when my husband decided to put the old thermostat on to see if that was the issue. As soon as we took off the Nest and put the thermostat back on, the AC unit kicked on. Before this happened the Nest kept switching it to the "away" mode and the house was getting hot. I guess we received a defective unit. Pretty sad because we loved the options it provided. Not going to chance it again when it's 94 degrees outside.
Pleased! Gorgeous. I’m a huge copper fan so the fact that I could have my Nest in it is great! Works great. Pretty cool that it learns my home.
Just buy one already! Easy to hook up, comes with great directions and a wall plate. Best WiFi thermostat around!
Easy to use. Works great at our summer cabin. Like that we can set the temperature before we arrive.
Best purchase i have made. I believe that by the Fall of 2019 this will have paid for itself. Not only has it saved me money, I don't have to get out of bed or pause a show to change the temp. All I have to do is open the app. I can also access the app and change the temp before I get home to have the apartment cool down or warm up. The best feature is that you can set it to switch between heat and A/C automatically, which is great during the Spring and Fall when the temps can plunge at night and surge during the day.
Wet and damaged items Product and other items was left outside on a rainy day so all items damaged. What a waste.
Terrible data reporting I was excited to try the Nest after using Ecobee for a few years. In comparison the data reporting is abysmal on Nest!!! Check out my sample images from Nest and Ecobee. The NEst results only tell you runtime and is a day lag. Ecobee gives you near real-time data metrics on the system performance, humidity, temperature, etc. Does NEST think people are too daft to want to see this useful data? ECOBEE WINS - HANDS DOWN
great solution I love setting it to change temps throughout the day. We'll be getting more Nest appliances!
Garbage Rewired like my old thermostat. A/V and heat ran at same time. Made adjustment and OK until fall. Heat runs constantly even with thermostat detached and system off. Moved wire. Now A/V mode is gone. Has not saved me a dime. Poor customer support. No way I am hanging on line for half hour to hang a thermostat!!!!
Love our Nest thermostats... DONT BUY TRANE THERMOSTATS Have been using Nest thermostats for 3+ years now and have been extremely pleased with the accuracy, efficiency and value the thermostats provide. We recently moved and I took our Nest Thermostats with me... unfortunately one of the Trane HVAC units at our home is new and is not compatible with Nest due to their "proprietary" technology which makes you use their AWFUL Nexia/ComfortLink thermostats. The Trane Comfortlink system gives very inaccurate temp readings and has led to excessive usage on our new system. Calibrating the thermostat does not help as it will sometimes read 3-4 degrees too HOT and 3-4 degrees too COLD.Just a tip... whenever you go to purchase a Trane HVAC unit make sure you buy the brands that do not force you into using a Trane thermostat. I would pay anything to make my unit compatible with Nest!
Easy install So far. So good! Super easy installed my selfAnd easy integration with the appIt work seamlessly through the house
Love it I love being able to adjust the temperature without getting up. Its learning capability doesn't help me much because the settings we need are seasonal. We can set the a/c lower when it's mild outside and higher in the really hot weather. So by the time it learns, it's not the right setting for our house. But by being able to adjust it easier manually, we are saving money.
Check to see if compatible Love the concept of the nest but having trouble with product going off line still trying to figure it out. Installed ourselves not sure what the professional installer would have done differently.
Love this product This is my second nest for the 2nd unit in my house and I really enjoy how they sync up with each other automatically. The added benefit is that it intimidates my nanny so she is reluctant to adjust temperature!!!!
Easy to use Way easier to use than the old digital thermostats. Between the app and this it is easy to set a comfortable temp anywhere.
Can't recommend While this thermostat seems like it's a great thing I have a hard time giving it other than 1 star and if there was a zero star rating that's what it would have gotten.I've had five of these thermostats. Three of them have had problems within a week of being installed. Never had problems with the old thermostats.Never had to call tech support even once with the old thermostats. If you call Nest Tech Support be ready for a long hold wait. The reason for the long wait has to be because a lot of these thermostats don't work properly as I found. Certainly not the quality product you'd expect given the sales materials that surround the device.One of the thermostats failed to provide heat on a cold night. Something about the internal battery going dead. This was no fun to deal with. Required replacing the thermostat and who knows if it'll work this heating season.The other two two that failed provided heat when cooling was called for. Both thermostats were replaced and the back plates were replaced and they still wouldn't work as expected, providing heat instead of cooling. They required a modification to the heating system by the addition of a relay to get it to work. The old thermostats didn't require this modification and worked fine for a long time always providing cooling.I have wasted over 20 hours on the phone this year with Nest Tech Support. Again the old Honeywell Thermostats never required a call to tech support because the product was actually ready for use when it was sold.So while it's a nice idea in concept and the aesthetic design of the device is well done the functional design is totally lacking. Oh, Nest does have great packaging as well. The screws they supply to mount the thermostat and other devices are very attractive. All nice things if the product that was in the box actually worked for the purpose it was intended for.Stand by for long holds with tech support if you get one of these. Save yourself some money and buy the used units I'll be selling used if you really feel the need to have one of these.
My wife love the thermostat I bought this for my wife as present for anniversary (Yes I did :) ). it was very easy to install and to program is was not a problem. She always running around with her phone on her so this device allow her to set the temp from any where. I love the feature that knows when you are away so it set itself as a ECO mode.
Comfortable Summer We just moved and I'm pretty sure our thermostat was broken. We couldn't stand it anymore and purchased this one after my mom said she loved hers. We got it all installed, and I love that I can turn it on to eco mode when I'm gone to save on energy. I wish I could figure the app out so that it would do that automatically...just need to play around with it a little more - I will say the app is not very user friendly.
works great great
Energy Usage Saver You won’t regret this purchase!
Recommended Works great
Excellent Product I got an excellent price on this product. It works very well and have been very happy with this product. I also received a rebate from my power company which made this very affordable.
Excellent Learning Thermostat and easy to program Very easy to install and program. I love the learning mode as well. I watched a simple video online to help me with setup and installation. It literally took 15 minutes to install and setup.
Item looks refurbished. Looks like this is a refurbished item. There were scratches on the back side. See image
It cute I didnt have to install it
Not compatible Not compatible. You pay for return shipping
Nest Super easy to install.We're seeing the benefits after 3 months of using it.I recommend to anyone wanting to save money.Don't forget the download the app. With the app we can control the neat while we're away or on are way home.
Smart and Simple Wow! I love this thing. Not only is it beautiful but it's super easy to install and smart. It's only been a week but the schedule it's created is perfect so I don't have to touch it. I can adjust it with my Amazon Echo and see what it's doing from the app when away. Get it!
b'Good items ??????'
Five Stars gives me peace of mind when I travel and keep track of my home temps.
This thing is awesome Easy to install take the time to look at all of the literature before you do your installation . Read all of the installation instructions before you start so you don’t run into the problem that I ran into when I let my unit do it’s own thing and it defaulted to Russian which I had to call customer support to help me get it re-programmed. How’s it it’s programmed in English it works very well five stars love it
Just.... NO Bought a house that had one of these and ended up swapping it out in less than a month. Does not have a simple "hold temperature" function. You have to completely delete and disable all scheduling. Tends to always over and undershoot temperature setpoint. If I set it for 70F I would feel slightly warm and notice it was 72F according to nest but no AC on... other times it would be under by 1-2 degrees according to its own reading and still running ... found myself getting out of bed to adjust it. Didnt even get to the point of setting up wifi functionality. Yes I went through the options and read the instructions... super happy now with a zwave model that works with my alarm system. I like this better too because it doesnt require connection to my wifi network.
Learning thermostat has a learning disability. Slick unit. Looks nice, and great user interface, with a beautiful display. One of the main reasons I invested in it, is that it is supposed to LEARN and predict/adjust accordingly to make sure when I get home, it will be comfortable at the temperature I set it to.Well, the ENTIRE summer, it still hasn’t learned to turn on the A/C so it isn’t 85+ degrees when I get home. I get home around the same time every day, and EVERY day, my home is hot as can be. I have to wave my hand in front of the thermostat for it to kick on, and have it tell me it will go from the current 85 degrees to a comfortable 76 degrees in 2 or more hours. Gee thanks “smart” thermostat. Sure doesn’t seem to learn very well... so far it’s taken all summer and it still hasn’t figured out that an 85 degree house is not what I like to come home to. At least my power bill is low I guess!
Nest kept my furnace fan on all the time even when it was off. The nest was working but we notice the furnace fan would stay on all the time.
Beautiful Thermostat, functional and stylish! These Nest thermostats are awesome! Super simple to install and a delight to operate! The copper color looks amazing and matches the other copper accents we have in our home! Thanks Nest!
Easy setup Purchased two units as we have two AC units (up & down stairs). I had enough of crazy high electricity bills this summer with. 3600sqft home.Took less than 30 mins to install two units (clocks were off by ~30mins). I was being careful, and realistically it takes about 5 mins to remove the old unit and install the new one. Setup took another 2 mins. If you use a smart phone, there really isn’t any excuse to not be able to set these up right the first time.
Love it! I have three roommates and this tool is excellent for giving us total control over the thermostat!
Nest works great. The expectations were high and I wasn’t disappointed. Nest delivered and I hope I save some money to get my ROI asap.I installed it very easily. Instructions were so easy to understand and to accomplish the installation successful.At first the AC didn’t work then the service department of nest told me to unplug the C cable that made works.Never go back to a honeywell again.
I’d return it if I could Common problem: Educte yourself on power stealing. I live in a condo and it turned up heat during summer on power stealing cycle and made me hate my life that day. Overall I find r annoying. Would return but girlfriend threw away box. Get something else.
keeps the children's hands off thermostat I absolutely Love thisi dont have to lock up my thermostat anymorei can with my smart phone get the house cool NOW from anywhereif the kids call and say i'm hot or cold i can change it while i am at workI have a lock number to keep it so no one can change it.it also can tell if anyone is home or not and learns when to put heat or cold onit has saved me money because it has a setting to economy, knowing when it is hotter and will automatically work
great item Love my Nest. what more is there to say?
Five Stars Bought for son.
Saves on electricity, easy to assemble Awesome product , saves on electricityThe base was a bit small for the thermostat I replaced but I will just order a larger one.Easy to assemble.
Impressed how easy to set this up This was very easy to setup. Instructions were quite clear. And Amazon had a very good price. So, so far, quite happy. :)
Product Good Installer Casing my home So because I purchased Amazon in home installation for about 116 bucks this review can cover both. The product integrates with my nest app. Flawless operation at least for air conditioner. In winter I’ll do the heating. Versatile WiFi control with my phone, allows me to turn it on and off from virtually anywhere. Now where I have an issue is with the installer. Technically competent but poor in disguising some underlying intentions. First all of the stupid questions. What work do I do for a living ?Response a lie. Then where is my furnace ?My response a lie. He’s is walking in areas that have zero to do with installation of the device. I told him where the air conditioning condenser was but he wasn’t interested. Then the kicker. He literally runs up the stairs claiming he was looking for the furnace without my permission. I told him to come back which he did after looking around what I had upstairs. He then goes on to state there is poor cell service in my area and needs to connect to WiFi to notify Amazon he’s completed the job. I took his phone and put in the password and when he left changed the SSID and password. Then had the update all devices on my network. A real pain in the ... So if these stranger come to your house be aware beforehand of exactly what they need access to. That said I know where to go if some untoward should happen in the near future. He thought he was slick but I read him right out the gate. Casing your home is a preview of what they might get if they break in. He was not aware of my wife and child or of my Rottweiler dog who’d be happy to chew him and his cohorts butts off. Beware of these idiots. Don’t even think to try it.
buy it. you won't regret it. buy it. you won't regret it.
Setup is only 30 min and anyone could do it! Easy install and app setup!
A Very wood
All I needed. I see a ton of negative reviews for this thing and after two years of testing mine continues to work as advertised. It cools my home down to desired temp before I come home 98% of the time. It adjusts temp in the am so when I wake up it’s not freezing cold. I’m never to hot to sleep. Life’s simple joys. The software itself is some kind of hybrid of magic and logic. I can’t figure out exactly what tells it to do what. Between my settings and it’s brain it’s ideal. I have a 950 Sq ft apartment in swampland Fl with a 1996 dinosaur ac unit. My electric dropped by more than half in the hot days. There is no real cold here but I assume it would be similar. Bought a second one for my other property and am eager to install and have reassurance that the pipes aren’t frozen.Of all the annoyingly confusing competing brands Nest makes the most asthetically pleasing devices. Will invest in cams, locks etc. it’s the Apple of connected devices in my mind beating them at their own game. I hope it becomes the standard. Works with my ADT. Very happy.
I’d still buy this just for the looks Very clean install. Easy to use and visually beautiful.
Works great Love
easy installation, slick interface, poor execution This is supposed to be a learning thermostat so I understood that it would take time for the thermostat to learn how to operate in the most efficient manner. Having said that, once I installed two of these (two story home), went through all the setup and tests, it took over 3 hours to cool my home 1 degree!! This is not acceptable in south central Texas!! I reinstalled my old thermostat and everything worked normally and the house was cool again. It is such a shame as installation was incredibly easy and I love the interface but when it doesn't perform the most basic of function, it had to go.
Buy it. Had it installed yesterday and the power usage is already noticeable on app I use to motitor electrical consumption. The features are awesome. I’ll come back and give 5 stars after I can see the savings.
Great product Great product. Love it!!!! Would recommend this product to anyone..
Works great Battery issues out the box, usb charge fixed that.
Good for 2 to 3 Years Only Before Fails I purchased my first Nest in 2014 and was truly happy with it. It was controlling my AC and my heat. Fast forward 2 years and the system stopped working. I called up customer support and they acknowledged that the back of the Nest was faulty and replaced it. Fast forward to about a month ago and the Nest has failed again!This time was worse though. It actually burned my relay for the fan which was confirmed by the AC technician.The cost of the repair was $168 and I called Nest to have them replace the Nest and/or reimburse for my damage.After spending over 3 hours in total on the phone, sending them copies of the receipt showing what occurred and working to resolve it, it is still going on. Here's the point:SOMETHING HAS CHANGED WITH THE COMPANYThey are not standing behind their product. Using excuses about sending to engineering, never getting back in timely fashion and basically stalling so you will go away. The best they would offer was a 40% discount on a new one.That is still more if I considered I already had to pay damages the faulty one caused.If you want to stick with NEST, be sure to replace it every 2 years (that's how long the warranty is) or your system may incur damages.I have switched to the Honeywell 9000 (another wifi thermostat with better ratings). It was a fraction of the price and I'm very happy with.Sorry for the breakup Nest, but it was all you, not me.
amazing!!! & SAVING ME $$ it came in perfect condition, in brand new packaging. i LOVE this new addition to my home. No regrets
A must buy Wow! A must buy if you want to save some big bucks!
Smart Thermostat Extraordinaire ! Love using smart gadgets.This thermostat does not disappoint.Setup is easy.Takes a little bit to understand the auto schedule, butyou can turn it off if you don't like it.Home/Away feature can also be daunting.Just play with it or turn it off either way this is a great thermostat!
Wrong color! Came in the wrong color. Had to bite it because Electritian was here to install .
Super Easy Install I bought this knowing in advance I could install this with the least amount of knowledge going in as possible and without having a C wire. Nest allows you to enter your current wiring set-up and actually shows you how you will wire your Nest, so it's fail safe and dummy proof - skip the pro-install - I'm a 45 year old DIY female, if I can do it, YOU CAN TOO!It connected to both my Alexa via App and Google Home with zero issues and I can control my Nest from any room using my voice and smart device (also I can control while away from home). I picked this over the competition because it's a learning thermostat and that was the feature I craved most, one that learns my behaviors and adapts to them, while suggesting helpful energy saving options.Some of my fav features are that I can walk near the unit and it clearly lights up so I can see it from a distance without having to get right up on it to see the temp. I also love that when my hubby leaves for work, while I'm still sleeping, it automatically senses it and turns the air up to 77...this for us, is a big money saving feature, usually he forgets to turn the air up in the AM when he leaves. We turn the AC down to 73 at night and he leaves at 6:30 AM and I get up at 9 am.) With this feature alone, this saves us 2.5 hours of AC run time. per day due to forgetfulness.
TOO SMART FOR MY AC UNIT We had two different AC Technicians come out to our house to inspect why our ac unit kept tripping. Both told me it was the Nest system causing this. It makes sense because we did not have the problem before we installed it. Now that we switched out for another system, we are having no problems. Amazon is not making it easy for me to return this product. I am having issues dealing with Nest as well. I feel since it was purchased through amazon, they should allow me to return it at least for credit!
Installation is straight forward The enclosed instructions are very well done. Just take your time and follow each step. Keep track of the wiring on the thermostat you are replacing, the installation instructions include labels but it might be a bit tricky to identify the wiring on the old thermostat. A photo pf the old system is a good idea, as is suggested in the instructions. The Nest works very well and is intuitive to set up. Product is excellent, other things (like loading the phone app and tying to Alexa) not so much. Highly recommend this thermostat.
I like controlling remotely We love our Nest pro! And it pits well with the other eco nest thermostats. Works well for my animals while away
Issue on the 2nd day, does not reply to your message I had an issue where the thermostat wouldn’t stop. I was outside but had to drive back home to turn the AC off by shutting off the power. I messaged the seller few days ago but I haven’t received any reply. I had to reset the device so it would work again but I’m doubtful with this device now that it had failed once on the second day of usage...Main reason for the one star is because I expect amazon sellers promptly replying customers and not just ignoring their messages. Any new problem with the device, I’m returning it.
Really easy to install. The thermostat is sturdy. A door slam knocked it clean off the wall and it bounced on a tile floor. After a couple minutes, it worked fine again.Periodically, the app takes forever to respond. With 5 temperature sensors, sometimes the thermostat shows offline. Apparently this is some kind of battery drain problem. We have it integrated into our security and the two "argue" about "who is in charge" despite several schedules programmed.It works well enough; the primary reason I bought it was to access the circulation fan function of my HVAC system, which it does perfectly.
Great product and a real money saver! I just moved into a new apartment and while it was mostly very much up to date, the thermostat was not. So I decided to replace it myself with the Nest. Let me say that I am reasonably intelligent but not the handiest guy when it comes to building, installing or repairing things. But the instructional video and the materials that came with the Nest made removing and replacing my old thermostat quite easy. The thermostat is very easy to operate and really does learn your routine. I love the fact that I can control the temperature of my apartment from my IPhone. So if my schedule changes, I can easily change the settings so that when I arrive home, my place is very comfortable. Also, please check with your utility company about possible rebates. I get my power from Southern California Edison and I will be getting a $75 rebate just for purchasing and installing my Nest thermostat.
Works like a charm Great installation instructions
Saved me some money We Have been saving about $40/month on the electrical bill, within 3 months, it paid for itself.Installation: My sister and I installed it, it was quite easy for us (we have no electrical experience). We watched a video on YouTube and the one given by nest. And that's all you need. Cones with a manual screw driver.
It works I like this!
Works fine Works fine
Over Rated For us most of the "smart" features of this ended up just being a pain. It tries to over think things and ends up getting things very wrong. We've taken all of those features off and use a manual schedule instead, but it still at times gets off that schedule for some reason. Save your money and get some of the less "smart" thermostats out there that still allow you to access over Wi-Fi and set schedules.
Battery issue - Horrible customer support The thermostat worked ok for almost a year. it then started to shut itself off. contacted customer support and had to deal with incompetent support staff. We did a complete factory reset three times. It took so many attempts until finally One of Nest's senior tech admitted of having a battery issue and promised to overnight a replacement.in a 90 degree house full of young kids without a/c.here we are a week later and no replacement arrived. The overnight tracking number is fake.Very disappointing
Three Stars Wont work with a 2 stage system unless you buy a second nest. We returned it.
Great price Exactly as advertised! Great price. Love the phone app.
Easy to install and use Love it! So easy to install and worked right away! Easy to use and use from app
Love the nest system Love the nest system.The stylish look is so much better than your traditional thermostats and the wireless control is awesome.Sorry I waited so long
We travel a lot and 50 miles from home I can adjust the temp in the house so it is comfortable when we get home this is the neatest thing going. We travel a lot and 50 miles from home I can adjust the temp in the house so it is comfortable when we get home. Wish I needed 2 Bob
Not copper Really ridiculously easy to install … but I ordered the copper faceplate and received a black one
Buyer beware... We are feeling very misled by Nest. The company had claimed that the Nest would be compatible with systems that don't have a C wire. We went through the compatibility checklists and had an electrician double check that we had the wiring Nest said we needed, however six months after installation we had major short cycling issues while running our air conditioner. (Nest has since updated its literature to say that it is compatible with most systems without a C wire...this was not clear at the time we purchased it.) Two expensive visits from the HVAC guy until he figured out the problem was with the Nest drawing power from our system. Several hundred dollars later, we now have an ecobee4 installed. HVAC guy said because the ecobee comes with a power extender kit for those without a C wire, we should not have this problem any longer. I have now heard from multiple HVAC guys that they don't recommend using the Nest at all. All the Nest left us with was a lot of wasted money, time, and now an almost new thermostat that we can't return.
Battery won't charge Battery is dying and won't charge...
Terrible Why pay ten times the price of a normal thermostat when it does not even perform the basic function of a thermostat? Failed due to constant low battery, will not work. Support is minimal.
The best thing we have ever bought has saved us so much money The best thing we have ever bought has saved us so much money
Love it, works great Great product, performs as advertised. Does a good job of learning, and can easily be controlled from anywhere you have wifi or data signal with your phone, or computer.
Too much "hysteresis" in sensor circuit. Hysteresis refers to the "swing" under-temp / over-temp required to get the thermostat to kick in or kick out. For example, if it is in cooling mode and west to 75*, then it won't 'kick in' until it gets to almost 77*, then it cools until it's almost 73* before it 'kicks out'. Meaning your room temperature will constantly swing between 73* and 77*. Not good. Same exact issue in heating mode in the winter. You'll be pulling on more blankets, then throwing off blankets all night long. We've been through two brand spanking new 3rd generation Nest thermostats - there are better thermostats out there that do their primary job better - making your home comfortable. All the features aren't worth a thing if you're not comfortable. Don't get caught up in the techie hoopla.
$$ saver I didnt know if i could install this on my own, but it was super easy. I watched a you tube video and it was sooo simple! My electric bill has been cut in half since I got this product. I cant say enough good things about it
perfect temp Outstanding product....LOVE
If it doesnt stay on the moment you hook it up send it back Ive had one before and it took about 10 min to install. Now after 3 hours on the phone with Nest I have to have an AC guy come out and fix the fuse that blew after they had me turn off power 12 times. Pretty sure I got a bad unit to start from amazon and could easily avoided being super pissed off and got hours of my day back if they would have just replaced the unit when it would not stay charged. Not happy with the product or support.
Works Well with WIFI Like most Nest products, this one is high quality. It works as advertised, but the thing I really like is that it REALLY works well with WIFI (unlike a lot of other products). It is a good feeling knowing that if I go on vacation and forget to set the temperature correctly, I can change it literally from anywhere in the world that has Internet.My wife and I are retired, so we do not worry too much about the set-back temperature for when you are absent. That just does not apply in our situation so we really have not experienced the savings that would result from that feature. I'll bet it works just like it should though! It lights up, telling us what the current temperature is, every time we walk by it.Self-installation was easy and anything that is not readily apparent can be found by watching the numerous videos available. The WIFI connection was very straight-forward.
Love the Nest, 3rd generation you can install yourself Nest works great the contractor Amazon used was awful, 3rd generation Nest is easy to install No c wire needed the contractor didn't know
Defective Product! Beware! WiFi does not work. The WiFi module is defective and my return window is closed because I was out of the country for 1 month and now I installed the product and it doesn’t link to my WiFi. This is ridiculous.
best love it
Junk 8 months later and it stopped working just as all of the other 1 star rating reviews. I should have read the reviews earlier.
Five Stars great product and so easy to install!
Great Unit Arrived on time and as described. Works great.
Dead upon arrival This product was dead out of the box. Unfortunately install was delayed, and this was just discovered.
Saves you Money! Got this as a gift for a friend and they love it! I have had one myself for years and love it also! The savings between rebate and functions more than makes up for the cost.
Awesome!!! You won't be disappointed. Awesome Thermostat. I can see that it is already saving us on electricity.
Do not turn on learning mode. Learning mode will turn off your AC in the middle of a hot summer night.
Awesome! Great thermostat! Very easy to use and install. I love I can control it from the app when I'm not at home.
Quality item Love our nest!
Easy install and operation Must have for any smart home
Lots of Hot Nights There are no words to express how much I hate, despise, and my Nest Thermostat. If I didn't live in an apartment, I would take a sledge hammer to it.My apartment doesn't get cold. Ever. Cool somewhat. Cold no. I wake up and the temperature might be 75. I set the thermostat to 70. I come home at 6pm and the thermostat is still set at 70 but the actual temperature is 87. No kidding.Ever call Nest support? Today I waited over an hour before I was disconnected. I have been on the phone numerous times with them -- and I tape all my calls --- and they always try to gaslight me. It's theit's be wires, it's the settings, it's me, it's defective, there's a schedule inside a schedule, it's because I haven't added Nest to my wifi (I've never gotten a good reason to do that, other than I can set my temp from the office, but if it won't work when I set it at home, what makes them think it will work from the office?)I think this is a cheap device google is selling to landlords who want to cut down on energy usage. If it's not that, it's just cheap. It doesn't work. Go to youtube and you'll find plenty of "what to do about my nest" videos.i don't know many of these glowing reviews are real. But mine definitely is.
Disappointed I’m incredibly disappointed in my Nest. I have had way too many issues with this. It keeps activating my heat pump while the AC is running, which isn’t exactly ideal when it’s 97 outside. I even had a professional come out and verify that it was installed correctly, but I still get random bursts of hot air from the vents while my AC is running. I should have stuck with my cheap thermostat.
The Nest is so easy to install - definitely a DYI product. I love the Nest - it so easy - you can program it or have it learn your habits. Once it does, it will turn your air down when you are not at home - saving you money. Also, it will ramp up your air when you are scheduled to be home, so that you come home to a cool/warm house. What is great - is you can program it to do either of these or not. LOVE LOVE the product.
So easy to install!!!!!! Between the instruction handout in the box and the website links for additional information on the wiring, installation was a breeze!!!
Still not ready I purchased two Nest units and let them acclimate to my house for a week. First issue: temperature is set to 75 degrees, cooling. Desktop thermostat reads 77.8 degrees when the unit comes on, and 72.3 when it shuts off. There's no way to adjust how long the unit will run. Second issue: the thermostat continues to read that the room temperature is 75 degrees, even though three different thermometers have all shown temperatures within .2 degrees of each other, ranging from 73.2 to 77.1 degrees. The app works well, and temperature selections are pushed quickly to the unit, however it doesn't actually work all that well to control the temperature in my house. I ended up purchasing the Honeywell wifi connected thermostat, which had other issues, and in the end, I went back to my trusty RTH7600D. I would not take the Nest plunge until they allow users to modify the range which the thermostat actually cools or heats. Plus, working on accuracy of the registered room temperature would be a wise idea as well.
Five Stars Works great!
I hate NEST with the firey passion of 1,000 suns.... I really wanted to like NEST. I really like the idea of it learning my schedule and adjusting accordingly. But summer is drawing to a close and NEST is still turning the thermostat temperature UP (to 75F) at NIGHT. Every night. And since I live in the Houston area and it's 80 degrees outside, I then wake up and wonder why I am sweating. I realize it's not a hot flash and it's the NEST again and have to get up and turn the thermostat back down. Did I mention this happens every. night? I keep the thermostat up during the day (80F) , I don't need my house cool during the day, but everyone in my family prefers to sleep at 72F. It's late August now and it's been in the 80's at night for months now....if it wouldn't cost be so much to replace my TWO NEST thermostats, I'd do it like a shot. I probably will bite that bullet in the next few months. If it breaks, you can BET it won't be replaced with another NEST.
Recommended Loving it
Wifi stopped working after one year The Thermostat works great until its wifi part broke. In a normal morning during a hot summer I noticed a "low battery" warning on the thermostat, after several rounds of charging-restart-charging-research online .. I realized it is the wifi part stuck in the searching mode and drains the battery very quick. I followed the instruction and reset the wifi, it still stuck in the searching mode and can't pick up any wifi signal. (There are several, besides my wifi in the home)One note, I do have a C-wire in my system, although the instruction says you don't need one, but you do in most of cases.
I love this thing, and it's already paying for itself This is an excellent example of customer-focused design. The installation instructions were incredible simple and easy to follow, and the product works extremely well. I have integrated it with the Wink system for my home automation, and it does an excellent job of using energy efficiently when I'm gone. Because I travel for work, I don't have to worry about setting it to save money; it knows that I'm gone and will choose an efficient setting. It's already paid for itself in utility bill savings.
If Not Working Properly, Contact Support I've had the Nest about a month and am happy. I ordered the Nest from Amazon but had trouble keeping it charged. I had to charge it daily to keep it running. Customer support worked with me and then replaced the face (with the brains and battery). It's been working well ever since.I suggest if you have problems to call them. Chat didn't work as well for me. In the end they replaced the faulty product.
Really wanted to love it I thought the Nest thermostat was going to be amazing. It's expensive, high tech, and top of the line. But it has been a disappointment. There's no hold feature. Probably so you don't forget and waste energy. But it will turn off all the time for no reason. Or the other way around. It will turn on even after you have adjusted the temperature to avoid it. I have turned off all the "smart" features and it still seems to do. The only way to stop it is to turkey turn it off.Another problem is the software. I've had multiple times where it has randomly stopped charging. When this happens the wifi will cut out. After research it has been shown to a software issue that hasn't been fixed yet. I have also purchased the remote sensor and have had connection problems with it when using it just feet away.On a positive side. The screen is a nice feature. I like how it displays the weather when walking by. Choosing which site to use would be nice. Something I'm sure nest would have to set up contracts with. The WiFi is obviously the main feature in a thermostat like this. And scheduling is a breeze using the app vs traditional thermostats.A fun, high tech gadget that needs to get the bugs worked out.
Wonderful Product This is the absolute best device, it helps you save money and it helps you stay in control of your household even when you aren't home. It also works really well with Alexa! Best smart device, for any price.
Buy this thermostat. Easy install. Easy program. Perfect.
Nest has a mind of it's own and overrules what I want Admittedly it's a cool looking thermostat and that's a rarity. Unfortunately it will change the temp setting on it's own and not to where I want it. I've tried turning off the nest sense and auto schedule to no avail. I don't really need A/C in my condo until it warms up to 78 or 79, below that I'll have the windows open. With thermostat set to 80 and windows open Nest will suddenly change to a setting of 75 turn on the A/C and start pumping energy dollars out the open windows forcing me to react and increase the setting to get it to turn off. The area where I live and on a mid floor in a condo building I don't need to run heat often unless there's a pretty good cold snap. Last December I was away on vacation and had put on the home away setting and set the thermostat low so the heat would only come on if the temp dropped to pretty cold in the unit. Once again Nest changed the temp setting I had placed it on. It turned out that month the only energy I used was when Nest turned the heat on when I was out of town, heating up an empty place. That experience may have been part of my inexperience with using it but it comes with virtually no instructions other than how to install. Information on their web site or phone app on using is pretty lousy. I regret buying the Nest thermostat.
NEST does not work I bought my house in January and was excited to see the "upgraded" feature of the Nest system. We reset it to factory settings and followed the instructions which said to set it manually to the temperatures we wanted and after 1 week it would learn what we like and automatically set it for us. We live in Florida and have a bulldog so it is very important that the house stays cool enough. After 1 week the settings were never right. I continued to have it to adjust it even though I set it for the same exact thing every day. I did some research and found out that NEST is not always compatible with older AC units so I just figured that was the problem. In June we got a brand new Lennox 4 ton unit installed. One again we reset it to factory settings and set it for 77 each weekday morning and 74 every night at 10pm. It never learned and never worked. We did more research and made sure to go in and turn off the eco friendly feature which is basically a feature where Nest overrides what you set and makes it 2 degrees warmer to try and save you money. I can not have an 80 degree house during the day with a bulldog. Turning off that feature did not fix the problem. The bottom line is that this thing does whatever it wants and the company should be sued for making a product that is a fraud and a scam. I now have to invest more money to get a new thermostat or risk having my dog die while I am at work.
Perfect Learning I love this thermostat. The greatest feature is being able to control the temperature of our house anywhere we are as well as while inside the house. The installation of the thermostat was very simple and well guided by Nest. They even have a video on their website instructing on how to install. After a few weeks the thermostat will keep your house at a comfortable level that uses an average of temperatures you have set. Overall satisfied with the Nest Learning Thermostat and the performance.
Great product Great, as described, excellent quality. Works great. Great investment. Looks and feels fancy. Easy to install, everything needed comes in the box including the wall plate cover.
Love it! Love it, install was a breeze and I love being able to use my phone to change the temp
b'Thank you! ????????????????????????Thank you!'
Read instructions Just like cadgets and works just fine
The 2 functions I purchased this for DON'T WORK making this thing useless for me. To sum: This was ultimately a waste of money, it functions just like my regular thermostat because the features don't work as intended on my phone.Long version:The function that turns ECO mode on when you leave your home simply doesn't work for my phone. No matter what I do, I cannot get it to work. It worked for the first few weeks I had it, then stopped. I've cleared cache, relogged in, reinstalled, and even went so far as to factory reset my phone. No go, it will not recognize when I leave or enter my home.So I resorted to just manually setting it on ECO from my phone. But 15% of the time, this won't register. So a lot of times I will set this while walking out the door, only for it not to register, and now I just kept my home at 74F all day with NO ONE IN IT. What a waste!So ultimately now I just use it like my regular thermostat. I set it high from the thermostat when I leave, and bring it back down when I arrive home - useless $220 spent for a nice digital view I guess. Sigh.
Great so far...... Works great so far!! Followed all instructions from nest. My previous basic Honeywell thermostat didn't require a common wire nor does the nest I purchased. I read in many places that c wire for nest is good to have so its not robbing power from my R wire. My wires that were ran to thermostat to air-handler unit had blue c-wire not being used. Just make sure you verify you are connecting 24v from your air-handler control board to thermostat and don't trust wire color. So far everything is working fine....
Good product The product works as expected and I am very satisfied with the purchase. I compared it with competitors, found out that ecobee does not really support a connection for old thermostats which have 2 wires only (no common wire). I have an old heater and it only has 2 wires, W and R. There are many confusing answers on the internet in regards to whether this product would work with 2 wires, (when there is no Common wire). My experience proves that it does work with 2 wires only, I connected them as Rc and W1. Initially nothing worked, and thermostat was complaining that there is no power on the wire, this was because on my old thermostat the wires were mislabeled, i.e. I ended up connecting a wire that was labeled as W, to nest's Rc and the wire labeled as R, to W1. Now when everything is connected, I am fully satisfied, the product is simple to use and I did not notice any glitches. Also I was amazed that technical support works on weekends and very prompt. Please note that technical support was not actually able to resolve my "reversed wires" issue, the support referenced me to a "certified installer". But that's ok, at the end of the day I was able to figure out the issue myself.
expensive, empty promises BUYER BEWARE if buying for use with Rush Hour Rewards! Opted into Rush Hour Rewards after receiving an email saying my energy provider was participating. Only to find out that they ARE NOT participating at all! Nest doesn't do due diligence to make sure you are with participating providers, despite their statements to the contrary. Then you can't opt out without calling pro support which takes 30 minutes. In addition, the program is trash since it doesn't take into consideration when users like me already have very sensible thermostat settings. For instance, I wouldn't have received rewards credit when my thermostat was already set at 81,and rush hour rewards wants to increase it to 83 (unbearable). This is considered the same as the next user who sets at 74 and gets increased to 76, which is ridiculous -- I am saving the grid energy ALL THE TIME, but get penalized when I can't stand 83 degrees, while the guy at 76 is getting rebates with a house cooler than mine is ever set! Lol!
I could use more control functions! So I love it, (and it was sooooo easy to install, 10 stars for that!) and the email that the nest sends out about use and stats, BUT... I have some pain points: 1) It doesn't seem to like the fact my husband and I use two different brands of phones. If I'm home the device works great. I'm also the primary. If he's home (and I'm not) and leaves to take the dog out to potty for five minutes, the Nest won't come back from away status even when he's back in the house and walking in front of the thermostat. 2a) I can't find a way to program from the app. Due to issue #1, I want to manually program so this doesn't happen to him again. 2b) Our house is east/west facing and using the eco settings is a major pain. We need to use lower than 75 for our normal non-vacation away temperatures. If I could do my own programming this would be so helpful. 3) The app isn't as intuitive as I would like. I always seem to be searching for what I want to find to do with the nest.
... this installed for a week now but I really love it! I heard from many friends how great ... I’ve only had this installed for a week now but I really love it! I heard from many friends how great it is and it’s lived up to its rep for sure!
Great gadget until it loses wifi connectivity The nest is great until it loses wifi connectivity. Tried all the trouble shooting options on the website none of them resolved the problem. looking for a new thermostat now...
Needs some work. Tried for about a week and did not notice my AC working any differently. Matter of fact there were days it would run for much longer. My guess is it works better in not so hot and humid climates as FL.
System so bug-ridden you'll want to rip it out. Having read good things about the Nest thermostats, I purchased 26 of them (a combination of the T3000ES and the new Nest E) to replace all the thermostats in a large house. I'm sorry to report that they've been nothing but trouble from start to finish. They are easy enough to mount and wire, but everything is downhill from there.First of all, Nest puts an arbitrary limit on the number of Nest devices in an account. This unpublished, hidden limit is 20, so if you have a number of cameras, smoke detectors, etc. you will hit the limit fast. The first 'fix' Nest provided for this (to tell the app you are a business instead of a residence) failed. Their only fix was to set up the system as if it were 2 homes, and then constantly switch between them until the end of time. As I was stuck having already installed them, I had no choice but to accept this hack.Once the therms were all installed, registered, and named with the app, the names started mysteriously disappearing. eventually all the thermostats I had conveniently named based upon their locations would lose their names and just display "thermostat" so I had no idea which zones I was activating. Resetting every thermostat to factory settings and repeating the entire installation process multiple times eventually solved this mystery (not thanks to Nest tech support), but then even stranger things started happening:Once everything SEEMED to be working, I found that if I changed a thermostat setting from the App, the App would indicate that the change had been made, but in fact nothing had changed on the actual thermostat. This is with perfect wifi (verified 20MB/s with less than 100ms latency, tested right at the thermostat). Of course, the app reported that it was in contact with the thermostat (within the last minute) and could even read the thermostat's settings -it just never sent the temperature-change command to the thermostat. Even worse, there is no way the user could know that the change that was submitted via the app was ignored! Nest's proposed solution: Use the web interface instead of the app!Every day I seem to experience more unusual behavior that can't be explained by nest. Today, several of my thermostats would not display the current room temperature at all, whereas other identical models, bought the same day and set up the identical way, would. In other cases, temperature would be displayed, but be totally inaccurate.I also find that Nest's purported 'time to reach target temp' feature is a total fail. In reality, it has no idea whatsoever how long it has to activate the heater to achieve the desired temperature. So if you have a slow-moving hydronic system like I have, the Nest overshoots the target temperature by 5-10 degrees. Thus if you use these thermostats, expect to wake up in a sweat to 80 degree room temperatures. Or just as bad, pre-heat your vacation home so it is warm when you arrive, only to find out that the heat was never turned on, despite what the app tells you.Personally, I think these products should be recalled, though it I doubt it will happen. Someday perhaps Nest will work out all the bugs, but I suspect it will require swapping out all of your installed hardware.Caveat Emptor!
b"Stopped working after warranty period 1 of my 2 Nest Thermostats broke soon after 2 yr warranty. Thermostats are supposed to survive decades. Nest should not expect us to replace it every few years and should make durable products! Fancy features don't matter when Nest dies. I regret buying the second one recently. I was considering Nest Lock until this experience. I wouldn't buy another Nest product. ??"
Love it Saved a ton on oil prices. This little thermasat is replacing another programming kind. But is way smarter. It is my second one
Not compatible Not compatible! I ended up return it back
Great product. Make sure you learn all of the settings. I wanted one of these for a very long time. The installation was quick and easy and the convenience is grand. One note, there is an automatic fan setting. It seemed that it was set to come on on the hour for 60 minutes. For the life of me, I couldn't figure out why the fan never seemed to shut off. Once I found this setting, I was able to stop it from continually running. It's in the setting area, not on the main interface.
Works as advertised Worked as advertised
Stylish and functional By far easier than programmable thermostats of the previous generation. Learning functions were not that useful for me but remote control and pairing with smoke detectors are definitely useful
Not good I'm surprised by all the positive reviews. My experience has been poor. I was given a Nest by my power company for free. They give them out to willing customers to help reduce energy consumption during peak periods.Installation was fairly straight forward. Although as we are shopping for a new heat pump I'm told by several HVAC guys my Nest won't work with their systems.By far the most annoying "feature" was the "self learning", "knows better than I do" temp control. Unless you have a very regular schedule this is useless. For example, if I'm working on a project for a couple of weeks and start my day at 5 AM but out of the house by 5:05 AM it doesn't know that I don't want it to turn on the AC at 4:30. The cat jumping on the back of the couch triggers the motion detector, the temperatures it selects are strange, it thinks it can do a better job of setting a schedule than I can. Bottom line is my energy bill has doubled from the periods as last year.Now the unit doesn't even see my wifi. After going through the online troubleshooting guide and several chats to support I'm still without a properly functioning unit. So basically this Nest is serving me worse than the old standard time scheduIe unit that I replaced (also provided by my power company).I'm sure glad I didn't pay for this thing.
I have like 6 of these ... I have like 6 of these that i brought some time ago @ $250 each. They recently started dying. It seems like i am not the only person with this issue. Nest needs to allow people to change out the battery.
Nest is the best It's so easy to set up, and you can control it from anywhere. The eco-friendly features are nice, and I do see a difference the bills
Great thermostat This is my first “smart” thermostat- works great. After checking and confirming compatibility with my old AC unit, it was an easy installation in few minutes. Intuitive interface. Was easy to add the device to neat app and now able to check and regulate the temp from my phone as well.
The fan feature will save $ Works with Alexa And with my cell phone easy to adjust temperature really enjoying it
Just used one month I like this product until it’s dead. I own this nest just 1 half month, could you help replace this one?thanks.
Poor customer experience, Nest is junk Product didn't last 6 months, tried to send in for a replacement and they said I need to hook it back up and troubleshoot it. It's the dead of summer and the the hvac guy already hooked up the original thermostat. Nest wanted me to unhook that one and hook the Nest back up. $235 down the drain. The hvac guy said these things are junk.
Nest thermostat So far happy with my purchase
I almost never touch it The main thing I like about the Nest Thermostat is the ability to control HVAC with google home
Great Product and Design I love the look and feel of the white Nest Thermostat. We just put it in a 100+ year old home. Works great.
Best t-stat in the history of AC . . . Absolutely LOVE it Best thermostat in the history of Air Conditioning - i absolutely LOVE my Nest - had 2 in my last house and bought this new one the day we moved in to the new place - will never Not have one of these ever again - easy to set up, easy to operate and saves me $$ everyday
The only way to go in regulating temperature control. The Nest thermostat is the new way to go in regulating the air temperature in your home. Having digital access when away is a key in installing this incredible device.
Most advanced thermostat We have very simple setup with only baseboard heating. I was able to add a c wire using existing spare wire by figuring out the c terminal in an old taco 403 controller. This thermostat works beautifully and very easy to set up. It took me about 15 minutes. This thing is really beautiful and make my aging thermostat like from a century ago.
Do not waste your money on this product Loved the Nest in the beginning and now 8 months later it doesn’t work. It will not connect to the internet. Have tried to fix it numerous times, called nest several times on hold for hours with no help on how to fix it. Constantly turns off and this last time it stated the date and time are wrong and we were burning up. My electric bills have skyrocketed ever since the product stopped working properly!!! DO NOT BUY this product.
Perfect Perfect
Love this thermostat!! Love this thermostat!! Learns our routine quickly. Can't wait to see how much money we save on our electric bill. Works great with Alexa.
Best purchase ever This thermostat is amazing. Everyone needs one. My old thermostat had my ac always running. Now it only comes on once in a while. Best purchase ever!
Five Stars After a couple of weeks of use we are planning to get a second one!
Saves cash. Love it.
So Great! Love, love, love! Have the app on my phone and can have the house nice and cool from work, before I get home. It is also very efficient. Glad I made this purchase.
Nice Unit With a Significant Problem I really like the unit and the WiFi connectivity is a major plus. One problem I’ve been experiencing is that at least once a week I need to reset the unit as I receive a message that the unit has lost the WiFi connection. My WiFi router is approximately five feet from the Nest Thermostat. I also have a very strong WiFi signal. I hope that a future firmware update will solve the problem. I don’t have confidence that this unit will work remotely when I need it.
Wi-Fi stopped working soon after warranty! Worked well for about 1.5 years then suddenly the Wi-Fi connectivity stopped working. Sad, it was a good $200 purchase, would expect it to last at least 5+ years. Very disappointed that I cannot even exchange since its out of warranty!
Love this thermostat. Make the house look Smart Product works great. Zero connectivity issues. I am not an electrician and even i successfully installed this unit.
Five Stars Anything thats connected to wifi is cool with me.
Great product Love the product. Easy installation
Great product Easy to schedule. My AC used to be running all day. With this thermostat, it's using only 7 hours running when I'm home.
Disappointed I am really beginning to hate it. It doesn't work well with Alexa, not all the functions work. It keeps losing connections to the wi-Fi. And now it's not staying charged. Considering getting something else and using it for target practice. PULL!
third generation nest NOT up to par been a nest fan for what over 5 years...this is my second nest and honestly it does a horrible job.I do not have a normal schedule... and even though I check it often, somehow it shows it's running... 10 12 hours a dayI have called multiple times and customer service reply is ridiculous maybe it sees something and switches to homesee something???? come on TIme to look for a better thermostat
Extremely SMART thermostat The Nest was so easy to install! After one day it has already become familiar with our schedule and I love being able to check on my iPhone what is going on with my temperature at home. I can adjust it and set the eco setting all from my phone.
Customer service representative went above and beyond Update: I wanted to edit this review. I attempted one last time to contact Nest customer service and I was routed to a tech support, BECCA was extremely helpful and walked me through all possibilities as to why my thermostat was not connecting to my WiFi. After several attempts she had arranged to send me a new thermostat. She was extremely imformative and explained to me that it may be an issue with the WiFi chip. Since my system was under warranty she shipped a new one and all is well. The first rep I had spoken to obviously was not into customer satisfaction. People like Becca are an asset to the continuing success of a company.The customer service for Nest products is the worst! I purchased this via Amazon and had it installed through Amazon’s professional installation. Worked great for about 8 months or so. Then all of a sudden the thermostat stoped connecting to the WiFi network. And kept going on when it shouldn’t , I followed all the normal troubleshooting advice to no avail. I finally caved and called nest to get further help. A representative came on line and was obviously distracted and was speaking in the background to someone else and then kept asking me to repeat myself. She then said she would connect me to someone who can assist me but wanted my first and last name which I attempted to give and she kept saying repeat that please. After 4 attempts I asked her to just connect my call which she refused to do and she hung up. I waited for almost 20 minutes. Never got I call back.
Love it! I love this thermostat, it gave me the ability to lock my wife out of the setting and now I have complete control of the temperature. Now the house never goes about 64!!!!!
Won’t Replace Defectice Unit I’ve had my Nest for a little over two years. Today it disconnected from our WiFi and Nest says the WiFi chip is bust. They will give me a 20% discount, but not replace the product. How does a company sell an electronic device that fails after a few years and not honor its workmanship. I have iPads over 5 years old that can connect to the internet. This is ridiculous.
Totally awesome It was very simple to install and it programmed itself exactly how I would of done it. But the best part is controlling from another room or across the world. (recent traveled to Ireland). To save electricity, I often let it run 10 minutes and then turn up the temperature until I start feeling hot and then turn it down again. All from the comfort of my easy chair. If I wake up in the middle of the night hot, I reach for my phone and turn it down, if cold I turn it up. Without having to get out of bed.
nest failed after 6 months--battery This was installed in March, 2018, and now in August, 2018, when it is 102 outside, the battery seems to have died. Arg. To their credit, Nest is replacing the entire unit and it will ship in two days. I really like the thermostat alot, but this is a bit annoying.
Saves Energy and So Easy to use! Installed this for a Client of mine after we just painted the walls with fresh paint and had all the holes from the old thermostat closed up. this is mounted right on the wall and looks Amazing! so easy to use and took maybe 10 minutes to get installed and all set up. Wiring is so easy if you use the nest website to confirm compatibility! Match the wires to what was connected on your old thermostat and you are good to go!
The BEST Wether you use all the smart features or simply want remote control from away from homeit is the best!
Saves $$$ Easy to install. Saves me money. Looks good on the wall too!
Simple to use I love the Nest; it's nice looking and so easy to use; much better than the old thermostat.
Love Love Love I love this product.
Electric suppliers offer $100.00 instant rebate, if you buy at NEST.com Great product, easy to install and set up the WiFi and App. I do have to let you know that you can go to Nest.com and get a $100.00 instant rebate from your electric supplier, which will save you $40.00+ off the Prime Amazon deal.
Worst customer service Only buy this if you want to be disappointed ! Worked great for four months then stopped working . Nest said they opened a ticket on it but it has now been six days since the said that . Worst customer service EVER .
Think Twice Before Making Such a Large Investment I have had this device for almost a year now. I have come to the conclusion that I should have kept my programmable thermostat. The Nest is great if you need to control your HVAC at a vacation home or other long distance mostly unoccupied home. It might also provide some benefit if you have a DRAMATICALLY inconsistent schedule at your primary residence. But for the average person, there is essentially nothing it has to offer over a programmable thermostat. Unless of course you just feel the need to control something electronically "just because you can."
OMG!!! OMG!!! THIS THING IS AMAZING!!!!! I CAN'T DESCRIBE IT BETTER THAN THE HEADLINE! IT'S THE GREATEST TECHNOLOGY ON THE MARKET! VERY EASY TO INSTALL, AND VERY AFFORDABLE!!! SO GLAD WE GOT THIS! CAN CONTROL IT AWAY FROM HOME! THE SAVINGS ON ENERGY PAYS FOR THIS TWICE OVER A YEAR!!!
b'It\xe2\x80\x99s a nice piece I love everything but the learning function I\xe2\x80\x99ll turn the temp down but then it will go up almost overriding me a little later because it learned previously that I liked it hotter the day before, the WiFi function is great change the temp in bed on cold morning from the app before AM showers or before you get home from work luv that! And when you walk by it gives you a cool night light to illuminate your way. The ghost in the house loves to use that feature also to freak me out at 330 AM but that\xe2\x80\x99s just one of his many cruel scare tactics ??'
Great buy! We LOVE our nest!!! We have seen a big difference in our power bill since we installed the Nest 4 months ago.
You need this thermostat! I love this thermostat! It knows when I'm home and when I'm away. I'm saving on my utility bills. I can turn it from eco to my desired temperature before I get home. It even tells me how long it will take to get to that temperature. You can view your history for the last week. I recommend this to anyone who wants to save money.
This is elegant and ease to install. It works ... This is elegant and ease to install. It works well with Alexa and is smartly adjust the temperature so it gave me the feeling that ultimatly I can save on energy. but sometimes it re-set any re-install by itself!
Waste of my time trying to fix something that it was already not working Start just fine and then didn’t want to charge. Wasted a lot of my time thinking that I could fixed but I couldn’t.
Plus the other features of this thermostat are great. I never thought I'd pay $200+ for a ... The only reason I purchased this was because my apartment's thermostat location is behind my TV. The heat from my TV was causing the thermostat to read up to 5 degrees higher than the rest of the room. I replaced the original thermostat with the Nest, and then purchased Nest's remote sensor and placed it on the other side of the room. In 1 month I cut my electric bill in half because my air conditioner wasn't running as much. Plus the other features of this thermostat are great. I never thought I'd pay $200+ for a dang thermostat but the savings will help pay for itself, plus AEP is giving $100 rebates for electric furnaces.
Energy savers.... Easy to install and use... Happy to have it...
Easy to install and works well Easy to install and works well. Save money with it's learning ability. Love the sensor on the thermostat and how it lights up when you walk in the room
Great with google home Owned for nearly a year and it’s never given me a moment of grief. To use with google home, you have to specify “hey google set the nest to 70 degrees” or something like that
Terrible Did not work properly. trash
Works great Expensive but works great
Outstanding operation I replaced a very old thermostat with the nest.Works outstanding
Follow the directions. Nest is best. Easy to install. No problems at all. Works well. Just be patient with the setup and you will be fine.
Nest fails. Not good! Great when it worked. Now, 8 months later, had to be replaced.Beware.
Best Thermostat and Saves You Money I LOVE my Nest thermostat. It's very easy to setup after you follow the instructions in the box. Don't hire a professional to do this. It literally takes 10 minutes for you to do it on your own. My electric bill has gone down between 10 to 20% since I started using it because it adjusts to my use.
Delivered on time, new and works great. Got it installed in half an hour.
Great thermostat Extremely happy with the thermostat. Easy to use and looks nice.
Easy install! Install was super easy; took less than 10 minutes! Configuring the weekly schedule was easier to do on a laptop than through the Nest mobile app, but that's not a big deal.
Love it Love it
I like it. This is an upgrade! it takes long to learn.
Five Stars Very impressed with it's memory
This thing is a piece of crap with a mind of its own This thing is a piece of crap with a mind of its own. Of all the tech and gadgets I have, this is by far the worst. Stay away.
One Star This doesn't work !!
Used for home. Loved it Used for home. Great service
They learn fast! They're working well, with one question--it seems you can only set one low temperature and one high. I used to set one evening temp for the night, increase the temp for daytime, but in the evening I want to step the temperature down in stages. No can do. A minor issue all in all.
Faulty Hardware has shaken my confidence - Still they have good features and stand by their product. After 1 year I had to replace the unit because the battery stopped being able to charge to a level that would power wifi. This would have been fine because Nest was quick to replace it and things worked. Until just recently, I had my A/C die and I had noticed that heat was coming out when the A/C was supposed to be running. I replaced the air handler and outside unit b/c a valve had blown on the heat pump - only to find that heating was still happening. It turns out something in the Nest, either a bug, or a faulty mounting base is causing the AUX heater to run while my A/C was running. I have no idea how long this was going on for but I'm sure it isn't good for my A/C unit. I have not done complete analysis yet to see how much this was affecting my bill. Note to figure this out I used a temperature gun and pointed it at vents with the aux wire plugged in vs unplugged - I saw about a 10 degree difference. Update - I'm raising my rating on this because I like all of the features of the Nest Thermostat. And I like that they stand behind their hardware and do care about their customers experience.I'm raising my rating to 2 stars because I like Nest's software and the concept behind it. Also their support, when I have known there was an issue, has been helpful. I replaced the base on my unit and it is no longer running the heater. So it appears that all of this was due to a bad component - the battery issue may have been related to this as well. It's a shame because it's the cheapest component and probably should have been replaced with the thermostat the first time to rule it out as an issue.
It works as promised. Easy instructions. Flawless startup. Great experience!
Buy one. I really like this thermostat. Easy to install. Love all the features.
Great! Works well with our smart phones to control the temp. Also easy to install.
HIghly Reccomend Great product. Works well and is simple to install.
It stopped working It stopped working and now I can’t return it
Five Stars Super easy to install, works great.
BEST EVER! Cant say enough! Love the nest - such great set up instructions!!
Beautiful Wow! It’s gorgeuos! Sometimes I don’t even want to touch it. It lights up when you pass by. It hooks up to your internet and can be controlled through the nest app. Setup was simple. If you want to do it your self, it does have a YouTube guide that can make sure you don’t mess up. I would also check the website to make sure it’s compatible.
Great product What you expect.
Love it! Love it!
Tech support is terrible I have owned two nest thermostats for a total of 18 months or so... recently, I had an issue with my HVAC system and in the process of fixing it, we damaged the base unit of my upstairs Nest. It no longer showed a connection on the yellow wire. To confirm that it was the wire base, I swapped the base with my downstairs unit and, whatdoyaknow! The problem followed the base... so, easy right? Contact Nest and get another base on order...except they won't sell you another base... I started the chat with:"Me: I have damaged the wire mount for my nest 3rd gen and need to order another"And after being a nice guy going through 45 minutes of tech support... running here, checking this, mentioning (arguing really) several times it's not my HVAC unit, the tech finally tells me that they don't sell base units...1) I literally started the chat with "I need a new base unit" - you would think they could start with "we don't sell those"2) I showed them all the steps I took to troubleshoot this issue... I do tech support for a living. There's no way it could be my HVAC unit unless, as I told them, it's with two different units and the first unit who had the problem suddenly fixed the problem after the base was changed out... it's the base unit3) why don't they sell base units?!?!it's poor customer service all around... I have nest and I have Samsung Smartthings in my home. I'm switching the Ecobees this afternoon to use on my SmartThings system. This is not good for a company Google's size... seriously disappointed. May switch off their cameras soon too and get rid of Nest completely.Sucks too because I really like the product itself...
If you only want a temporary thermostat then look no further Stopped working after a few months. This was a replacement for another one that stopped working after a year. But when it is working, it works great
Easy Set-up. Easy Operation. Very quick and easy to install. It is pretty self explanatory and it takes about 20 minutes total to remove the old thermostat, install the new one, and follow the step-by-step set-up on the device. It very quickly learns your patterns, is easy to customize, and makes tracking usage simple.
So helpful! This thermostat is so handy. I always forget to turn my a/c down when I leave the house but it senses that I'm gone and does it for me! And it works with my Alexa!
Buy it! Our 3rd one in the house. Works beautifully. I especially appreciate being able to control and view temps while on the road.
Product died in 2 years; customer service worse than product Had this product for a little under two years when it started to go into a reboot cycle. Called customer support to resolve the issue and was informed there was a software issue. That is where the support ended. They offered me a 20% discount on my next nest product and said that was the best offer they could do. Of course, I kvetched and they transferred me to somebody who offered me 40%, alas this was after 60 minutes of waiting and I was in no mood to continue using nest. Buyer beware! Unless you like being on hold, then buy as many as you can.
It's a great "smart" thermostat It's a great "smart" thermostat, relatively easy to install and operate, However, when you integrate it with the Nest camera, there are issues. The resolution on the camera is so-so.My biggest complaint is the Nest software and their propensity to get owners to subscribe. They do that by providing an awkward simpleton version that effectively punishes you for not subscribing. Refer to the attached screen captures. There is a distinct flavor of "bait & upgrade" here!The first one shows the default display. Note how large the thermostat display is and how small the video. Why? The temp display could be one small corner of the video.The second image displays what you see when you click on the camera. Hmm... I wonder why they couldn't display the temp in one of those black areas?The third is a zoomed image illustrating the effect of having a low-res camera.My recommendation is to look around and check out the details before you buy. This is not a first blush review. I've owned the thermostat and camera for more than two years.
Cool! After taking three years to make up my mind, we finally bit the bullet and bought two of these. We also sprung for an installer -- cost about $ 150 to get the two working, also got them working on our Iphones, so the whole works was hands off for us. We like them very much, and already have seen some savings in electricity ... they look good, too.
Awesome!!! This is a great product. I purchased a Honeywell model before this one and ended returning it since it would not connect to the WiFi. This one connected instantly and has been working great. The auto learning is very cool, it set a schedule automatically after only a few days of use. Bonus is tha it works with Alexa so I can increase or decrease temperature just by asking Alexa to do it. Very happy with this product.
Four Stars Still learning how to work this.
worked for a few mins and now constantly giving an Error Message E 103 Calling Nest support is a waste of time they make you wait on the phone ... We recently installed a new Central air conditioning in our house So we purchased a Nest via Amazon after checking the compatibility,on Nest website , had it professionally installed by the HVAC tech, worked for a few mins and now constantly giving an Error Message E 103Calling Nest support is a waste of time they make you wait on the phone for 30 mins we have ordered another unit to see if it works in our dual zone home otherwise it will be returned sadly we really wanted this to work it looks pretty cool with a lot of functions
LOVE LOVE LOVE Love this thing.
Poor quality product After installing this thermostat our AC condenser unit started spontaneously shutting off. We had two HVAC repair companies out for two service calls (total cost of service calls was $300+) after which we determined the problem was with the Nest thermostat. We subsequently removed the Nest thermostat and replaced it with the old thermostat and have had no issues with the condenser since that time. I would never buy this product again.
Five Stars Working fantastic so far! Great quality! Super easy install. Awesome.
Five Stars Works great, able to control from my phone while out of town saving me money on electricity. David
Nest's technical support process was very helpful. This is the second Nest thermostat I've recently purchased. The first one works great. The second one was defective. After extensive troubleshooting with the Nest technicians, it was determined that the unit had a problem. I have returned this device and have re-ordered a replacement. Hopefully, this one will work as good as the first one I installed.BTW: I was very impressed with the Nest telephone support process. My call was promptly answered (on a Sunday afternoon) and a live person routed my call to a helpful technician! amazing
We returned that "other" device and are happy to be back in the Nest family We had a Nest in our old place but decided to try the Ecobee in our new one. That was a big mistake! The wiring on the Ecobee is a nightmare, especially if you have an older HVAC system. We returned that "other" device and are happy to be back in the Nest family. Would recommend this device to anyone that is interested in ease of use, saving some energy costs, and having an overall comfortable home.
I LOVE this thing I LOVE this thing. I paired it up with my Amazon Echo, and I can control everything just by talking to it. It was easy to install, too. The directions that came with it were very easy to understand. It's great to be able to turn off the heat or AC while you're not home, and then turn it on over the Internet when you're a couple minutes away from home again. It's not cheap, but I think it'll easily pay for itself in about a year. I have nothing bad to say about it.
Stopped connecting to wifi Worked fine for the 1st year then one of the units would not connect to the wifi. Other Nest units when plugged into the location worked fine. Out of warranty so $249 out and now performs like a $49 thermostat.
Saves Money This product is excellent. I love being able to control my temperature even when I’m not at home. I recently took a vacation and was able to monitor the temperature and humidity of my home. I was able to turn the fans on when I wanted. Great for monitoring your usage and comparing it to your bill.
Lovely Beautiful, sleek and works like a charm. We love that it goes to eco mode and learns our desired temperatures. It is also so great to be able to have remote access.
It integrated with my Google Home and SmartThings network easily.. I have had this for about 15 months. The only gripe I have is the filter reminder does NOT work. I replaced the filter in November, and told the V3 I changed it, and here it is July and no reminder yet even though I have changed it every month since then without relying on the thermostat to tell me. I would give it 4.9 stars because of this. Otherwise, well thought out design and app. It integrated with my Google Home and SmartThings network easily..
Awesome Thermostat!!! Awesome thermostat. Be aware that there are a ton of features and options. Read the instructions and information on the Nest website. That will help you determine what will work best for you. Don’t be afraid to ask your HVAC installer if he/she has installed these before. If they have not, then make sure to provide them with the install instructions. As is true with all electronics - they must be wired correctly!!!! Most installers have trouble with this even though the instructions seem easy to follow to me.
Five Stars Thanks
More expensive and less reliable. I've now been struggling with this thermostat for 3 months. I've tried letting it "learn", I've tried setting a schedule, I've tried various other settings and my house still struggles to maintain a comfortable temperature. I've used a Honeywell thermostat I the past and I regret switching. The Nest is more expensive and less reliable.
The best product out there. Pricey, but worth it. Looks and works great!
This completely changed the way my heating and cooling has ... This completely changed the way my heating and cooling has worked out. Plus the integration with my security system means that I'm saving even more by not overly heating or cooling while i'm not at home.
Wow If you are on the fence about buying one than this review is for you! I have wanted one for a couple years and finally got one. It has been in my house now for 6 months and it saved me money on my bills plus it is amazing to control the temp of your house. Save yourself money and buy now!
Power on Issues, Returned Never would power on properly, I have the C-wire, had an AC installer check all the wiring, still no power. Returned it. Really liked the options that Nest provided, so disappointing that it wouldn't work properly.
Unreliable. Newer manufactured models are having failure issues. Replaced after 4 weeks. Support is hot garbage. Don't waste your time. These things will never "pay for themselves" at the current failure rate—which seems to be very, very high.
I love this thermostat I love this thermostat. Has saved me money over the last several months. I love the features and many options.
Great looking but poor quality I brought two of Nest wifi thermostats and going to replace them all to Sensi. I tried several brand of wifi thermostats and I chose Nest cuz of its design and simplicity. However, it keeps failing to remote excess and shut off by itself. You should expect a long waiting to reach their technical support as well. I’m sorry to leave a negative feedback but they are expensive products and I want people be aware.
Overall good product. Nice display and functioning Learning skill really helps save the power. Overall good product. Nice display and functioning.
App is unreliable. Support isn't helpful at all and blames my Asus RT-n66u router. I bought this from Lowe's about a year ago. I bought it so I could get into the "smart" age and connect with my phone. It was pretty reliable in the beginning but gradually become less reliable when using the app with my iphone 7. Now, half the time, the temperature doesn't change on the thermostat when I change it on my phone. It doesn't give an error, it just shows the temp has changed but the unit hasn't received my input.I have an Asus RT-n66u router with tomato firmware. It is rock solid with all of my devices and I'm not showing the thermostat disconnecting from the router. Support told me my router is not supported but it's not on the incompatibility list.It has worked fine when I actually go to the thermostat to change things but I could get a cheap regular thermostat to do that. I just want this thing to work and it doesn't. I wouldn't buy it again; probably would try a Honeywell.
It's junk Had it a year, already replaced one with a bad wifi receiver. Now having another wifi problem and customer service isn't picking up the phone
NEST IS JUNK This product does not have a long lifespan as older thermostats. 2-3 years tops allot of wifi and battery issues. More heating and cooling issue costing customers in early repairs. Some service providers will not provide you service if you have a nest because all the problems stems from the nest. Absolutely Not ! And if you try it install it will fail very soon and probably cause more damage to your system costing you a very expensive repairs. Ecobee is a better product. Nest compatibility checker will tell you it will work just so you can buy the product but that's not the case when there'should nothing but problems with this thermostat....Hvac Business owner +20 years....I don't recommend nest any more to many unhappy customers.
Great Product! Love nest! Will never hve anything else.
Amazing customer service We have had this product for over a year. We are very happy with it. Had issues installing it but after talking to the support team for 40 minutes. The issue was resolved.
Works as designed and looks great It arrived early and was installed with no issue. Works as designed
Five Stars Very Easy to install. Just follow the directions. Energy savings within the month. Very happy with this purchase
Definitely think this thermostat is paying for itself! Definitely think this thermostat is paying for itself! Love the ECO mode and the automatic away feature. No more worrying about turning up the air when you leave the house for the day or even longer. Plus you can adjust it from your phone so when you're on your way home from vacation you can get it cooled down before you get there! Also, love the report you get showing how much energy you've saved.
Like this thermostat Like this thermostat. Easy to operate and with 1degree swing is not hard on your HVAC. My previous Honeywell thermostat had a narrow temp. swing and with hot florida summer it would cycle every 20min. If you have a Costco membership you can buy this for $219 with a Google Mini bundle and free shipping.
After 3 weeks I can say I honestly love it! Definitely worth the investment I was a little worried when I read some reviews stating that they get home and the house is hot. However, I realized those people did not get the nest enough time to learn their schedule. I have had this installed for about 3 weeks. At first, I was confused about the thermostat. After 3 weeks I can say I honestly love it! Definitely worth the investment! Trust me, give it time! Also, read read read!!!!
Recommend! Really helps the electricity bill. I'm spoiled to controlling the heat/air from my phone.Great buy!
Really not as smart as you would expect from the advertising Really not as smart as you would expect from the advertising. I had to switch to manual schedule to get it to do what I expect it to do. It also seem that it can't learn when it come to the Fan option. I start my fan literally everyday for about 1 hour when I go to sleep to circulate the air and make some white noise and this need to be manually scheduled as the "learning mode" doesn't seem to learn that part by itself. Also had to disable the auto-away mode that is supposed to be an integral part of the energy-system as I would always come back to a super cold house. You basically have to set up your phone to detect if you are away and then it ignore your schedule if you are away and everyone need to be linked up for that to work.There's setting you can activate so that it start the heating in advance but by then, it would heat up half of the afternoon because the house was so cold. There is a way to deal wit hall those issue but its basically all manual scheduled stuff which I could do with my old "dumb" thermostat.And it's not always clear what temp it is activating at. Like for example, it would be set to heat when temp is lower than 23 degrees and would be off because presumably, the house was already at that temp. I would lower it to 22 degree and put it back up right away to 23 degree and it would keep heating up... I think I have read that there is a slight tolerance so that it doesn't keep going up and down but sometime it would be cold in winter and I would need to make it go down and up again so that it really keep the house at the temperature we set it to.It's a really cool looking thermostats and it's nice to be able to control it from your phone but there is way cheaper thermostats that would allow you to do that. I like my nest, but honestly, I would not invest the 300$ or so I put in it when I got it if I were to buy one today.
Nest thermostat works perfectly with Amazon Echo Dot Gave this as a gift. Daughter and her husband saw our NEST thermostat and wanted one. Works perfectly!
Everyone should own one. More than likely the best purchase you can make on Amazon. One of the best products I have ever bought ever. Can easily see the savings month to month with power bills.You can program the temperatures you want to have your home throughout the day. You can easily connect your phone and control the thermostat remotely. The thermostat will also realize you leaving and going and will go into eco mode accordingly.
Four Stars nice features,
Great unit, works best if you have five wires going to your thermostat It was very easy to install and I liked how easy it was to set up. The only reason it didn’t get a 5 star rating is because it worked great for about two weeks, then I started having problems with my air-conditioner. It started shutting down even though it hadn’t reached it’s setting yet. I thought there was something wrong with the air-conditioner so I called for service. Long story short he couldn’t find anything wrong with the unit then he asked me what kind of thermostat I had. When I told him it was a nest. He said he was having trouble with some nest thermostats. Even though I had it wired correctly, I only had four wires going to the thermostat. I didn’t have a wire going to common, and the instructions didn’t tell me I needed one so the thermostat was sending the wrong message to the air-conditioner. The technician added the wire to go to common and now it’s working fine. Instructions should’ve let me know that with some units you may need a common wire. It would’ve saved me $120.
Good product, but has a non-obvious failure mode. Two months ago I had one of these thermostats installed with my new HVAC system. It looked like a very useful accessory. It has proven to be useful, but with a major flaw: the thermostat runs off of the built-in battery, not off of the power supply by the HVAC unit. If the battery level gets low enough, your entire HVAC system will shut down until the battery is recharged. The thermostat will be dead with no indication of what caused it to fail. Mine showed a blinking red light on the dial that indicated it was recharging the battery, but it wasn’t charging. Seven hours later my HVAC system was still down, in 100° Texas heat.I’d still recommend this product, with the warning that it can exhibit unexpected behavior if the thermostat has a power interruption. In my case, it was a water-sensor in the evaporator that triggered this. Now that I am aware of this behavior, I know how to fix it if it happens again.It would be nice if the phone app would sound an alarm if a battery is not recharging. It would have saved me three days of frustration if it had.
Nest wont charge and keeps shutting down The Nest worked for a day then stopped working, the charge ran out, wifi is off and the charge is draining not adding. Just got off from a Nest support for 1 hour, told me to try with wi fi off. Still same result, will call again tomorrow and see if they do something or replace it. Other people seem to have same issue and I also updated the software on it if it has something to do with it.Update : it finally worked after the common wire was connected. So make sure the common wire is there.
Easy to use I love that it reminds me when to change my air filter. Easy to install. Monthly summaries are great, too.
if you have only 4 wires DO NOT BUY, will drive you crazy Turns off and on all the time. worst experience ever. I have a standard DC 4 wire setup, This thermostat is horrible, it turns off suddenly before reaching desired temperature. Customer support told me it was wrong installation af first, telling me it was wires not making contact. They were WRONG. This thermostat NEEDS 5 wires to work, BUT THEY DONT SAY THAT RIGHT OFF THE BAT. Many sleepless nights with no AC.
Love it Love it ~ just as I hoped and expected. Good job!
Good choice after a LOT of research I spent a lot of time researching smart thermostats before buying this and feel that I made the right choice with the Nest thermostat. It was very easy to install and connect to both Alexa and our smartphones. It was very quick to learn our habits and we rarely have to change the temperature anymore. The eco mode is really great and it's wonderful to be able to set it to eco and turn that off remotely when on our way home from a trip.
I’ve had this for about 7 months now So far so good. Installation was pretty easy to my surprise. I am saving between $20-$50 a month on my electricity bill. I wish I could give 5 perfect stars but their App is somewhat difficult to use. It’s hard to set a schedule through the app. Other than that, we are very happy with our Nest.
Easy to install Super-easy to install.
Fantastic. Easy to set up Fantastic. Easy to set up.
Worst customer support I've ever encountered. Warning, warning, warning. I bought four of these for my house and although they all connected quick and easy the fourth had a malfunction and opened a different structure. Two hours of customer support had me delete the account and start over--which did not go well. Trying to get a new KEY NUMBER to reconnect these thermostats has been a nightmare with customer service who does not seem to know what to do. Every time we try a new KEY NUMBER it says WRONG KEY. Between yesterday and today it's been over ten hours on hold various times while the very polite tech advisors sought help from supervisors that all had me try time-consuming remedies to no avail.After waiting on hold just now for 90 minutes for a supervisor THE CALL GOT DISCONNECTED WITH NO CALL BACK. Guess how mad I am. This is a temperamental product with horrible customer support.
You need wifi The best
Change temperature confirm option needed I've had my 2 thermostats in for about 2 weeks now ($400 investment). I'm in Arizona so turning things up in the summer while away is not a great idea as it takes that much longer to cool your house to 76 when it is 115 out. I had to disable all smart leaning anything. I mainly bought this so I could set the temp when out of town (more than a day) and have the house cool down before I get home. It does this well, but my biggest grief with this is that you have no temperature confirm option. My kids and their awesome friends walk by and want to touch and twist it (It looks cool I get it), the temp changes right away. My old thermostat made you hold down a button before let you change the temp. They NEED a click to confirm option or something so it doesn’t just change. I'm actually debating taking this back due to this one reason. I do know there is a lock feature, but that just lets you lock a 5 degree range the thermostat can be adjusted. 5 degrees is huge here in AZ.
Great for Voice Commands. I bought this to further digitize my house, since I purchased a bunch of Echos on the last prime day. This thermostat was easy enough to install on my own with the included wiring guide (I live in a 60s house). I've had it for a year now, and I can't fault it. It has a plethora of settings from auto temperature control based on your habits, and then manual mode. The customer service is stellar, I brought up some of the finicky voice command features early on (originally you couldn't call the nest an A/C to Alexa, but they fixed that) and they fixed it soon enough. They do have experts on the line to help you trouble shoot your wiring as well - I had to do this when my heater was actually the culprit.I haven't tried the cheaper version but I assume its just as good. Its the software that matters most.
Four Stars Great on every level, wish my ac/heater was equally as good
Technical support I have been on hold for over 90 minutes to talk to technical support. Usually the hold time to talk to a tech is less than 30 minutes. Technical support is hit and miss. Some techs are great. Others...
Junk Seller was great. Product is junk. Spoke to support still does whatever it wants. That’s not learning. Tons of unneeded features that are great for not having this do what you want. Returned.
Five Stars Big hit at the company party!
Nice Paperweight Poor device. I challenge all those claiming cost savings on their energy bill to prove it. This is not easy as temperatures vary from month to month and year to year so an apples to apples comparison is difficult.Particularly irritation the so called smart function. Not helpful for upstairs where a teen sleeps and their erratic schedule and summer versus school months confuse the "learn your habits" detection algorithm fails miserably.Beware the so called energy efficiency and reduced usage when your not home or during peak usage hours. The only way a thermostat can save you money on your bill is to move the temperature setting up for the AC in the summer and the heat down in the winter. That translates to a home to warm in the summer or too cold in the winter. This is not rocket science and is done with any programmable thermostat for 1/3 the price. Hooking this up to your network or Alexa? What's the point? if you are constantly interacting this thing and changing the setting, you are negating the supposed benefits above.Mine was installed with a new AC replacement. I tried it and failed to see any benefit. It also went bell up after 11 months. First, it disconnected form my network and no matter what i tried I could not get it to reconnect/recognize the network. Customer support was useless. I left it with the setting intact and things seemed to be OK. Now, a few months later, it is regularly turning off due to requiring the date and time be reset. It is now only useful as a paperweight.Going to purchase a good ole reliable Honeywell Programmable thermostat, set it and be done.
Great system with amazing expansion potential. Awesome thermostat with a lot of potential. Easy to install, works as advertised & needed very little setup. This is going to be part of our 'smart home' setup, with the Nest security system & smoke/CO2 detectors all linked. Also connects to Alexa or Google assistant for additional control if wanted, however is not necessary at all to get full functionality. Nest phone app makes remote control a breeze.
Five Stars no other options
A Smart home must have Does everything it says. Works great with the echo dot(Alexa). Loved that it learned me quickly but I decided to create a custom schedule. Super easy to install! I checked YouTube for reviews and installation instructions prior to purchase. No issues whatsoever so far!!
Annoying me!!! I absolutly hate this thing. This thing attempts to learn, so at 5am it turns itself up 5-7 degrees baking us out of our sleep. Im constantly having to adjust this thing, feels like every several hours. My apartment building got a rebate for buying these, and might be why I move out. Lastly these are known for software failures, do you really want to put your pets and home at risk. Do your reasearch, why would you not have a failsafe on such an important item in your home.
Five Stars Awesome!! Even the wife can figure it out with no assistance necessary.
Not a new in box product as advertised Purchased “new” Nest thermometer when I went to install discovered that it was used. No protective films, small scratches on screen, worn hardware. The Nest operates fine but the company did not send me a new product.
Tech support lousy, product great. The thermostat itself is great but I just had a ridiculous experience with Nest text support. I lost internet connection to my thermostat and had to turn off the thermostat. When I turned it back on I got a message telling me that I needed to get a code sent through my cell phone. Problem was, I moved to another state and got a new cell number. I called text support three times because twice I was on hold for twenty minutes each time and hung up. The third time I got through and talked to two different techs, the second time I was on hold for at least twenty minutes. The tech told me that unfortunately I had to change email providers! If I understood wrong I will humbly apologize to Nest, but that's what I understood. I will not change email providers ever time I change a phone number and I lose internet connection. Any other company I have dealt with had simply updated my new info within minutes, apparently this is not Nest's policy. Very disappointed. I emailed the vendor and said that I understood if he wouldn't accept my return request. I wanted to buy the Nest doorbell, but now I'll consider another product.
Not your grandfathers thermostat. We are both learning each other's quirks, the Nest and I. Needed to have professional help as our place is older and has electrostatic air cleaner along with humidifier for winter. Bough a temperature sensor for upstairs but the system seems to have difficulty finding a balance between the two level of our place. It is more user-friendly in some aspects and not so friendly in others. Wife is fairly homebound and it does not like that we leave the fan on all the time to use the air cleaner. But we are just entered our second or third week of use, will see.
Five Stars very good
WORST EVER WORST thermostat! Never holds my program. App does nothing. Every time I reprogram I go back and it's added TONS of ridiculous items to the schedule. Tried programming to pre cool my house house before I got back home, but didn't work because it knew I wasn't home, so came home to a HOT house. (Ordered direct thru Nest)
Cool Unreliable
and like that I can change the temperature via Wifi with ... The Nest Thermostat works really well, and like that I can change the temperature via Wifi with Alexa and when away from home on my smart phone. And also like that I can monitor the daily usage history. I'm glad I finally decided to make this purchase.
Modern design and good user interface My wife and I replaced an old, clunky thermostat that appeared to be from the late 90s. The installation was easy to follow and, as stated in the included pamphlet, it took approximately 30-40 minutes to install. I do recommend researching if it is compatible with your A/C system by going to their website as I did. I know nothing about A/C systems or wiring and the website made everything easy to understand. It's mostly just identifying wires. Overall, I would recommend this product to anyone. My mother-in-law wants one too now. Additionally, my city provides a $50 credit for installation of energy saving thermostats, so that's a plus!
Great looking and well-designed thermostat. Still learning how to use this but love the efficiency and appearance.
Best smart thermostat! I love this thermostat it learns my daily schedule, tracks when I change the temperature then adjusts itself accordingly, it saves me money on electricity with eco mode and it also lets me know what temperatures are most economical through the day! Love the modern design and easy installation! Really worth the money!
I love the Nest thermostats I love the Nest thermostats. I own 3 and bought 6 for giveaways. Easy to set up. I recommend a Nest Pro setup as it linked my humidifier and extends the warranty, although I never had a problem.
I am in fact not really qualify to rate this ... I am in fact not really qualify to rate this product but I had a trouble experience to install this product by Amazon Home Service. The reason is that I use the Lennox high efficiency HVAC system with its own brand of thermostat which has different wiring system to achieve the system efficiency. And most technicians not Lennox installer by trade won't be able to wire this system and by default any other none Lennox thermostat used will lost it's original efficiency design. Which means the Lennox system will not integrate with any other brand name device.This is the reason that Amazon Home Service had to come to my house two times without any success, And the Lennox dealer technician has to putt out the Nest device out and put the Lennox own brand thermostat to get the system work right. I wrote this rating just to remain people not any system can put the this device on and you can invite a lot of trouble to your system so check it out before you buy it. At least I leant the lesson now.
I have to say that this was so easy to install I have to say that this was so easy to install. The only issue I had was that I flipped off the breakers for the A/C units but I forgot to flip off the breakers for the air handlers which caused me to blow fuses. So I had to replace those blown fuses, after that I was able to easily walk through the set up. My advice make sure you flip off all the correct breakers and set up will take 30 minutes. I just love these thermostats so easy to use, you can not go wrong!
Love This Thermostat! I love the Nest smart thermostat. I fist became familiar with it after staying in an AirBNB that had one installed. I bought one for our home shortly after staying there and then immediately bought another one for our store, and another one for a gift for our son-in-law. It’s so easy to use and really looks great. I love how it adjust temperatures based on your cellphones returning to home. It learns your activity and adjusts the schedule for maximum efficiency.For the store, I love how I can easily check the temperature remotely from wherever I am and make adjustments when necessary.It only takes a few minutes to install, and anyone can do it. His is such a great investment, and I’ve recommended it many times to friends and colleagues.
The copper ring looks great in our home New house, new Nest. The copper ring looks great in our home.
Refuses to turn on ac when outside temp is >88 It worked ok for the first few days but it has refused to start the ac for the last couple days. Says that it is set to cooling but does not turn the ac on. I bought 2 of these and the other one seems to behave better, but master bedroom has been >80 degrees for days now and it never shows it as cooling. The picture shows it having been set to 72 but it hasn’t turned blue to start the ac in days. I disconnected it and put the old thermostat on and the ac started up no problem
Five Stars Works as advertised and I really appreciate controlling it through Alexa.
Garbage product Stupid thermostat keeps on trying to save me energy by setting to the temp to 80 and then it takes 6-8 hours to cool off again. For a ‘smart’ thermostatc it sure doesn’t learn from your behavior.
I hate this. It seemed cool at first I hate this. It seemed cool at first. I like being able to control the temperature of my home while I am away. It works great in that respect - BUT - I am absolutely fighting with my thermostat this week. I normally conserve energy. I live in Buffalo where it is HOT right now but normally not that bad. I let my home temp go to about 75 degrees before the air comes on. This week, my power company sent a message to Nest to raise my home temperature by about 5 degrees. So - now I have to suffer with 80 degrees? Mind you - when it is 80 degrees near the thermostat, it is much hotter upstairs. This is what i paid $200 plus installation for? I reset the temp manually to try and keep it bearable in my home but then Nest won't allow it and puts the temp back up to very uncomfortable levels. I suspect that if I kept the temp normally around 70, then I would be allowed to be at about 75 degrees now. I never realized that this would cause me to lose control over the temperature of my own home.
If you have a Lennox system forget it. Would not work with a high end Lennox furnace. I returned it. I might add a HVAC professional attempted the install.
I like ir I. Love. Ir i like it
Not what I expected Not impressed. Looks great. App UI is over simplified. Vega choir with my system was unpredictable. I removed immediately and reinstalled my Honeywell. It worked flawlessly and I save energy by my nature anyway. Huge disappointment.
Switch back to your old thermostat if Nest fails! Save you $$$!!! I bought two units to replace my programmable ones. One works fine but the second one in bedroom truly gave me a nightmare. Last winter it erroneously kept running my heating system despite in Eco-mode while I was traveling overseas. I had to check it on my phone constantly and adjust it. Then starting last week, it kept my AC running around clock but only brought the temperature in my bedroom to 86-89 degrees, which was pretty much the temperature outside. I contacted Nest phone support three times, typically you have to wait for 45min to more than 1 hour to talk to someone. With their instructions, I had done all kinds of troubleshooting. To give them credit, their support technicians are super nice and patient, except for one who could not even understand the issue. Then they concluded last night again after hours of troubleshooting that my AC hardware may need service, which is not Nest thermostat fault. I accepted the suggestion and was ready to schedule a AC service, which would cost hundreds of dollars. Then I decided to give a last resort try, that is to swap back to my retired programmable thermostat. Guess what, it worked instantly and cooled my house quickly for a cool night. Think about it twice before you invest $200+ and move onto this fancy Nest world.
Must have for any home Nest products are great I have the thermestat that helps lower my electric bill. It has nice softaware that is integrated with the nest outdoor cameras that have voice recording and built in speaker in them so you can talk to people who show up at your house when your not there all in one app and it works with Alexa so you can watch the cameras on your tvs that have the amazon fire stick hooked up to them.
2-year limited warranty? not if it goes bad I bought this on March 3, 2017, and installed it on March 11th. Around the end of March this year it started intermittently losing its connection to Wi-Fi, I didn't worry about it too much I figured I'd just had to resync it to my router. turns out its internal battery went bad and won't charge. So the first thing it does is disconnects from Wi-Fi but you can still work the thermostat manually for a while. I tried charging it via USB and that seemed to work for about 3 days but it just went dead. and now it just won't charge at all. I really did think this was cool when I got it. I could just lay in bed and tell my echo to warm up the house. I don't know if I'm just being cheap but I don't expect to have to replace my thermostat every year.2-year limited manufacturer's warranty specifically does not cover the non-replaceable battery
Five Stars Looks great, 3rd Nest we have owned
A great addition to the Smart Home Delivered quite quickly. I did research on these and other smart thermostats before purchasing and learned that some of these thermostats will not work with a few atypical heating/cooling systems. That was good to know and I felt confident after using the Nest compatibility checker. It uses the existing thermostats wiring and terminal strip designators to make the determination. I really like the simple design of the Nest thermostat with out the backing plate. But that does require painting the wall after removing the old thermostat because the Nest is typically much smaller than the one being replaced. The Nest comes with a large white plastic backing plate - - but to me, then undermines the aesthetic beauty of the Nest.Take pictures from multiple angles and elevations of your old thermostate before you disconnect any of them. You will use these pictures for compatibility checking. If you decide to buy Next, be sure to hold on to those pictures because you will need them to wire up the Nest. The instructions were quite simple and the number of steps I needed to take to remove old thermostat and install Nest were very reasonable. Even configuring the Nest to work and configuring it to work on the internet with my iPhone were streamlined and simple.The Nest will "learn" when you typically turn the temperature up and down for each day of the week. I use that feature on our upstairs Nest. For the main level, I chose to "tell" Nest what I already knew I wanted. We have and Alarm.com smart home and the Nest is not set-up to integrate with that: can't access the Nest thermostat from the Alarm.com app. However, the Nest app works fine and is simple. If you want to integrate a smart thermostat into Alarm.com, you can buy their specific thermostat on Amazon for about 1/2 the price of Nest. There is a third party that will provide the service of linking Nest thermostate to Alarm.com, but I'm not comfortable enough to use it. I'll be using the Nest app. If I every buy an Amazon dot or Alexa, I know the Nest thermostat will work with that. Oh, and Nest does not work with Siri or Apple's "My Home" app. If you are one of those people who likes to integrate everything into a single app, the Nest (or some apps) will become barriers to that quest.What I really like about Nest smart thermostat is the ability to see if "someone" (kids, dog, other) have been using the thermostat like a gas peddle (e.g. colder faster = turn thermostat down 'a lot'). Of course, when that happens, the thermostat gets forgotten and left at rediculous energy wasting settings. If I'm not at home, I can check and reset from my smart phone (Yippee!).In terms of functionality, I like that the Nest not only controls air temperature, but I makes decisions to control humidity too if you want (less eco friendly thought) and it tries to balance comfort with cost. I noticed that it "overcools" a little more than our old Honeywell thermostat. I'm guessing that is to prevent starting/stopping the compressor so much. We've not used these for heating yet, but it did "test" well with our Trane 2-stage fan speed heating system. That is, the thermostat can operate a heating system that uses a two stage (two-speed) fan set-up with gas heat.
it’s all good in theory but doesn’t keep the house comfortable. It looks great, I love that Alexa can change the temp for me or that I can control it from my phone but the “learning” part of it is not what it’s cracked up to be so we cut that part off and set the program schedule manually but still couldn’t keep the house comfortable. I realized the temperature differential is so great that it waits for the temp to get 2-3 degrees above the setting before coming on and will cool a couple degrees below before cutting off. That might work fine for some people or in some areas but when you have it set to 72° and it get 75° before coming on, then cools down to 70° before cutting off, that just too much difference to be comfortable. Everyone in the house is complaining and after having it only 6 months we are changing it out.
Looks Great and Easy to Install This was the best decision that I could have made when I looking for smart thermostats for my home. Installation was easy and self explanatory and it only took 30 minutes to remove the old one, drill new holes for the template and program. It was not intimidating like others, which had to have a "c" wire, which Nest didn't.
Premium look and feel Extremely easy to install, look and feel premium. No brainer for a simple and elegant solution
Four Stars learning curve.
Planning on getting another one. Love it. The customer service was great and made sure it would work on my unit and sent me a photo of how to hook it up. Some of the operating instructions and settings are a little confusing but overall I would recommend it and will purchase another one.
Five Stars Works like a charm. Easy install and remote operation.
Support is good and you can get visual help on the internet Love the precise temperature settings with the large display. Love having an app to control with the eco setting also.Instructions for setup especially for app could have been a little clearer but was easy once I figure it out.
Got two of these and love them. Very easy to install Got two of these and love them. Very easy to install. I had some odd wiring to deal with and did the chat thing with Nest Customer Support and we got it all sorted out in short order. I highly recommend and your local utility company MAY offer a rebate for installing these...check it out!
Great thermostat, works perfectly, looks awesome. Looks awesome, super easy install, works perfectly, could not be happier with this item.
Thermostat? HA!! - Motion detector is a better description I question their qualifications to call this a thermostat; it's better described as a motion detector. I have a two story house. I live in the south with 100 degree day summers. I set the upstairs Nest at 78 degrees when I'm away. I come home and it's 82 degrees upstairs every time. This Nest does not operate by temperature setting alone, it uses motion as it's primary directive to adhere to thermostat settings. If it does not detect motion, it will not come on. It will however start cooling the moment it detects motion if the room temperature is above the thermostat set temperature. I think you're better off with a $40 thermostat that's been around since before Nest was an idea in some birds brain.
terrible instructions. beautiful looking simple install. terrible instructions. beautiful looking. difficult to use. very, very short return window. if you buy one of these, install it the same day because they won't let you return it if it doesn't work. did i use the online compatibility checker before purchasing? yes, i did. does it work? not in my lifetime. the nest website is one of the worst and their compatibility checker is at best, a complete waste of electricity. i give it 2 stars because it looks great and was really easy to install. if i had to base it solely on the nest website and instructions and compatibility checker, it would be a generous zero stars.
WASTE OF MONEY This has to be to be the most aggrivating piece of technology I have ever purchased. The thing can’t hold battery to save its life, it’s cost me hours upon hours of time to try to get it fixed, I ended up returning the dam thing and just going back to using my old thermostat.
Five Stars got this for my son, he likes it, works very well
Easy to install Very nice.
Nest Thermostat is easy to install and use and provides remote access to the thermostat via a great App This is my second Nest Thermostat. I have 2 AC units in my home and I just purchased a 2nd Nest to control the 2nd AC unit . When I moved to this house I brought my previous Nest with me (it was NOT included in the sale of that home as I liked it too much to leave it for my buyers - LOL!) . Because I travel often for business, I like the remote access to the thermostat - I am able to raise/lower temperatures remotely. This is especially important to me when I forget to change the thermostat before I leave the house. And more importantly in South Florida where I live, Nest allows me access the thermostat remotely so that I can lower the AC temperature while traveling back home, so that my house is cool upon my arrival. It was easy to install the Nest thermostat. The set-up was also very easy. And Nest includes clear instructions - and if you need help, they offer videos, FAQs and other forms of assistance. The phone App is great - very easy to set up and configure/control your Nest thermostat from anywhere!
Great shipping. Install a breeze as usual thank you Great shipping. Install a breeze as usual thank you!!
Hot Garbage and Dumpster fire had a baby. That's nest. **Update: Put up with this expensive paperweight for about a year now just to see if I could make due with it. It's still absolute garbage. My energy bill has nearly doubled because it never actually turns off, and for some reason - even when you turn it off, decides to continue going. Good luck adjusting your home temperature, as it will likely re adjust itself even when all of it's "smart learning" settings are completely off. Their software is a nightmare, and for the price point this things a joke. a $100 rebate isn't going to be much help with the extra 600+ it's probably already cost me this year in utility bills.Nest is the purest form of trash ever put into a smart device. It seems really cool and convenient at first. Until you can't get the stupid thing to shut off and it's getting cold as ice in your house. Or perhaps when it turns itself on randomly even though you've turned off all the auto settings? Or maybe the most frustrating thing is that you can set the temperature, and within 30 seconds, it'll decide to change itself to another temperature. OR better yet, you set it to heat only, and it decides it's going to remain on cooling till the end of time.Do yourself a favor, get another device. Amazon also staggers reviews on this device so it can't get the ratings it deserves. A 1. If it had a 0, it would get that.
Five Stars Works great. It will help when I figure everything out My utility gave me a $75 rebate.
Schedule auto generated! Great thermostat. Very little overhead. Justo ready to use and it learns your settings
PERFECTLY AMAZING IN EVERY WAY!!! I gave this to my husband on Father’s Day and he LOVES IT!!! He installed it in about 15 minutes with no issues and quickly learned how to operate it from his iPhone. Also, when we’re away from the house for the day or for several days, he opens the app on his phone and turns on the air before we arrive home so that the house is cooled when we arrive-a fabulous treat and I’m sure a money saver on the utility bill as well!
... bought this for my parents for Christmas and they LOVE it! They had an electrician install it I bought this for my parents for Christmas and they LOVE it! They had an electrician install it, and he has an older version installed in his home, so he was able to show my dad how the app works. He also told my dad this version is much nicer than his, and seemed a little jealous haha. The copper color looks beautiful and matched their decor perfectly. According to my dad, this is a must-have!
No manual override available!!! I need to start by saying that we received our Nest thermostat through our utility company’s savings program. It was installed by a certified HVAC tech. I didn’t have to pay a penny for the thermostat and the installation and I’m so thankful for that. I was so excited about finally getting this and setting it up to work with my phone and Echo. Having said that, I miss our simple $20 thermostat. The Nest learns your habits but come summertime when it’s scorching hot out, it won’t kick on when it’s supposed to. There is no real manual control for it so you can’t override it. It gets up to 85 and humid in our house until it finally kicks on and blows cold air.I’ve found some YouTube videos of how to fix the problem when it occurs but it’s temporary and I shouldn’t have to do that each time this problem occurs.Do yourself a favor, don’t buy this. Get a $20 programmable thermostat which you have complete control over. In theory the nest is great. In practice, it fails miserably.
Four Stars Work great.
One Star Rocks were inside the box instead of the product.
Nice upgrade Easy set up
Very easy to use and a good product to have. Works great and easy to install.
Older home Wiring My home was built in 1984 and the Nest was not compatible with the wiring on my original thermostat or my heating and cooling system. I wanted to use it because I heard such good things about it. I was not warned it may not work in older homes because of the wiring.
Beware of reversing valve issue (heat pumps) I’ve had the nest for over a year now and it worked great until recently the cool setting was pumping out heat on a 95 degree Alabama day. An HVAC technician came out and couldn’t fix the problem and at the same time he had to replace the capacitor on the condenser because it was trying to heat on such a hot day! So after a $200 bill, I ended up putting the old thermostat back on and my AC is working like it should. I’ve read all the online forums on how and what to do, but I don’t trust it. I’ve put in a trouble ticket to Nest but I’m not expecting any good news given the fact that this is a known issue that nest refuses to admit. Looks like $279 down the drain.
Stay away from Nest! I am very disappointed with the Nest thermostat. Prior to purchasing, I contacted Nest technical support to confirm comparability with my Trane XL16i HVAC system. I was assured it was compatible and was provided a wiring diagram to use. After reviving the Nest Learning thermostat and following the wiring diagram, the Trane XL16i will not cool correctly. I have contacted Nest technical support and they are unable to resolve the issue. What a waste of time and money!
Five Stars good
but it wasn't an easy process and I had to send the unit back ... I finally have this thermostat up and running, but it wasn't an easy process and I had to send the unit back to Nest for a replacement. Their customer service, although ultimately responsive, is inefficient and enraging. In retrospect I wish I bought a cheaper unit from another provider, especially one that wouldn't share my information with Google. For something this expensive, the experience should be easier.
Great, until it stopped working This is a great device in theory. Worked great for 4 months then stopped turning on the aircon compressor. On a nearly 100 degree day I had to have a technician come out to see what was wrong with my unit. After opening it up and determining it was fine, he started looking into the thermostat. Long story short, he remove the nest and installed a regular thermostat. Everything works fine.I check compatabity with nest. I used nest supplied instructors, and the until worked fine for 4 months.Nest refused to refund my purchase because it was beyond 30 days. They instead wanted me to reinstall, troubleshoot, then send me a new one. In order to meet their needs, I would have needed to tell the tech I’m paying over a $100 a hour to hang out while we sit in a 15 person cue before talking to someone directly. Then, after troubleshooting, he’d have to reinstall a working thermostat. I’d then have to wait until nest sends a new unit, then reinstall it.Having the tech wait while we troubleshoot with nest would cost more than the nest does. Pretty poor service on a $200 plus device.Lastly, the tech told me they stopped installing nest units due to issues. He gave me a new thermostat. He didn’t charge me and wasn’t trying to sell for or against any specific type.
Worse Customer Service Ever First...they have the worse customer service I have ever dealt with. So far well over nine hours of my time in just trying to deal with their customer service department who basically every every every time...cannot help and their engineering department is worthless. if you ever lose your password, need to reset your password, just dont bother. Buy a unit from another company do NOT buy with them. You will not be able to login to your account and they cannot do anything with your account. They will always push it off on your computer (used a PC, Apple laptop, Ipad, and iPhone) and all the account does is spin. But another user can login to their nest account via all these devices. Second, the unit itself...my bill has been higher, which isnt good in the summer in the south as it is already high enough. If you set your unit for 75 - it is really running your AC to 71/72 degrees. You can reach online and find both my above complaints where it is a common theme. NOT HAPPY AT ALL with Nest...Worse customer service ever...
Nest Learning thermostast battery issues. I had the unit now for 7 months, it was working flawless and noticed the reduction on the energy bill after installed. all fairy came to an end when the unti start loosing the battery power and shutting down the AC in this hot summer. Recharged the battery manually as indicated using the USB port in the back the first day and it work back again for 2 hours losing the battery charge again and shutting down the AC in the middle of the night. recharged the battery for over 8 hours to the same result. Researched on this matter and it seems to be happening to plenty of people with this model, it seems to be a known problem from Nest. Nest support is not easy to reach using the chat or the phone.It was a great thermostast when was working from new but something expensive like this should be more reliable.This issue makes the unit unusable.
Awesome little thing Simple to use and convenient. Bought another one for the upstairs. Can't go wrong with Nest!
I like being able to control the Nest from my phone I like being able to control the Nest from my phone; however, I can't figure out how to program it like my other thermostat. It automatically adjusts the temperature based on usage; however, that is crazy in my household. I'm not sure I'm saving any money.
Would get a 5* with described functions Love it! Works as advertised. Would love to see more IFTTT options. Would like to run attic fan only when outside air cooler than attic air and control economizer outside air damper. Remote sensors are only rated for 104F, my attic and outside air gets much hotter, and no one can tell me if they provide IFTTT trigger functions.
Best thermostat so far It's so nice-looking and the interface is well-thought out. Still not sure how well it's "learning" but it seems pretty good.Sometimes it seems to be running a degree or 2 warmer than I would have set it, so I just click it down and all is fine.Very easy to use, with smooth tactical feel.
Short return window The product is incompatible with my hvac system and yet I can’t return it...
Easy 2 follow set up Great control and easy set up
Five Stars prompt delivery and works great
energry saver it seems to work great.
Five Stars expensive but worth the energy savings
I got a really nice free SCREWDRIVER oh boy, I got a really nice free SCREWDRIVER!Device is all they said it would be. We tried to do the learning thing the first week, but it wasn't very effective because we forgot to change it at times.I recommend that you actually set up a schedule at first and then using the learning to adjust the schedule.Also, make sure you set up BOTH of your cell phones!
Easy to install and it works great Easy to install and it works great. I really like that it "learns" my settings and that I can adjust them either on my phone with the app or manually.
Five Stars Glad I got the Nest. love how it lights up when you walk by it.
Damaged heat pump compressor... Purchased 11/17 and heat worked great, but A/C stopped working and started blowing out hot air and I mean hot air. Had an HVAC tech come out and he determined it was the thermostat causing the issue. The compressor was totally damaged, so the tech replaced the whole heat pump and tried again with the Nest, but still hot air and the compressor would not kick on, so he turned it off and replaced the Nest with a Honeywell and A/C was working and compressor was working. FYI - The A/C worked the first 2 times I used it, so I am guessing Nest pushed out a firmware that created the issue. I have been in contact with Nest support, but since I purchased the unit through Amazon, they are having problems issuing me a refund, but they are working on it. I am also asking for assistance with replacing the heat pump, since it was their device that damaged it in the first place. We'll see what happens there and I will update this if they do stand behind their product.
Sexy, Easy to install and set up Extremely sexy, Very easy to install and set up.
It is luxurious and sophisticated design. It is luxurious and sophisticated design.
Five Stars Looks beautiful and works great!
Five Stars Good Product !! Highly Recommend
Five Stars Easy to install and use. Highly recommended.
Automatic Fan Circulation is Awesome Wish I would have gotten this sooner. Since my house has a room that gets hotter than the others, the feature that can turn on the fan 15 minutes every hour makes the house feel much better with less temperature differences within the house. I am certain this Nest thermostat will save us more money in a year than what we paid for it.
Faulty product, not enough testing done,don't buy I believe Nest is not honest in their products. This product is being sold without further testing and troubleshooting. It foes not work correctly. Very buggy. And alot of research I did in this product after install. Discover that alot, if not most consumers who purchased it have problems and issues and it does not save energy. Why they continue to say this is b.s. The main issue is the built in temp sensors. Very buggy , and are suspect to get wrong readings, thus causing the "smart" thermostat to not operate correctly. It is always reads wrong actual temperature in room. And it constantly running, because the sensor is faulty. I'm use for cooling only,and it will not work correctly. This after several phone chats with Nest "experts", by way,are not ,they just read from a book. This is the biggest rip off going on now in "smart " thermostat world. Do not buy. I'm sending back,and going back to reg thermostat.
Choose a different thermostat Product was a headache from start to finish, difficult to install, never worked correctly-returning.
Awful support, save your money. My best stopped working out of the blue about 1 year after installing. It had been fine before that. Honestly, this is a lot to spend on something that will stop working so soon but I get it. Stuff happens. What I have a big problem with is that I have called/emailed/chatted to try to get help with the product that is still under warranty and it is impossible. I am sitting on hold waiting to speak to someone for the third time in the past week. So far tonight I have been waiting 32 minutes. The past two times I waited over 45 minutes and over 1hr15minutes! When I tried to chat for help as I sat waiting my chat number increased from 16 in line to 29! I like the idea of this product, I like that I can control it from my phone but what gives?! This is really piss poor customer service. I would not purchase this again. In fact while I was on hold earlier this week I actually drove to Home Depot, bought a different brand thermostat, and drove home all while waiting to speak to a representative. I think I’ll install it tonight.
One Star Don't buy this until Nest fixes their battery problem.
Quick , easy and effective Came promptly and my mom loves it ! Was so easy to hook up and get the app on her phone
Worthwhile gadget I am liking this thermostat, especially the ability to change the temperature from my phone and see how much the AC has run each day over the past week or so. I also like the thermostat's ability to go into energy-efficient mode if it detects that the house is empty. I will be even more pleased with it if my utility company ever gives me the $100 rebate I filed for but, regardless, the thermostat is worthwhile. It was also quite easy to install.
Five Stars Love it.
Saves Worth every penny. Easy install with inApp chat support if you need it. This stat is already saving me money.
Worked great for 6 month then I kept getting an e74 ... Worked great for 6 month then I kept getting an e74 error, (Red wire not getting power) I would pull out the wire and put it back in and it worked for about 15 min and would stop again. NEST technician said he that it was a broken HVAC unit or fuse which is not the case as the unit is new and if it were a fuse it would not kick back on each time I pulled the wire and put it back in. And of course this happens on a Saturday so unless I want to pay a fortune to get someone out on the weekend we will have to sweat it out through the weekend. Needless to say not impressed getting an HVAC person out to put back a normal thermostat.
Great purchase "Apple like" in quality. Worth every penny!
b'Nice add to Smart Home Works well, like being able to control from away but the learning application is annoying if you deviate from your schedule at all and needed to be turned off. All other functions are great and are well engineered. This is a quality product.I watched this for a very long time until it went up as a deal of the day for $175.00 which is an exceptional price until my power company offered me one for $132.00 with a free Google Mini ??\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x82\xef\xb8\x8f'
Disappointed!!! Be ready to pay an air conditioner company to install this given the fact that nest is not updated for "newer" thermostats. I have a wire labeled U1 and Nest has no clue what it is and where I can connect it to. Not worth the hassle or the extra money to pay someone else to install this. Think about it, when was the last time an ac company didn't try to take your money! Check out the picture of my panel, I guarantee you it is not that uncommon.
awesome thermostat, I bought one for my son when ... awesome thermostat, I bought one for my son when he bought his first home, its great and works effortlessly !!!!
Five Stars Great device and awesome customer service!
Four Stars perfect
$$$ *Update* After several months the savings continue to get better. Even with a significant rate hike the electric bill was $80 cheaper than previous years bill for same month.So far averaging a $40 a month savings! Very hi quality. Take your time on installation. The average home only has a couple wires. Take pictures of how the old thermostat was wired before removing.
Five Stars Had one at my previous residence and installed one at my current residence.
Not a great onboarding experience Working with the company now to try and get it working right
Complete and utter garbage Nest is the thermostat that saves you electricity by not running your appliances when you are home and need them. I tried using the auto schedule feature and it consistently ignored my patterns and shifted my presets to higher (cooling) temperatures and later times. So extreme that the AC would never ever run in my weather. I manually changed them to the proper settings that I actually need and it auto changed them back. So I disabled leaning. It constantly shut off my AC anyway because it marks me as away every single hour even when I am home. I made sure my location settings were working. Even when I manually tell it I’m home in the app it marks me away again in only an hour. HOW THE F DID IT THINK I SNUCK PAST ITS MOTION DETECTOR EVERY HOUR IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT. Could they think maybe an hour without walking by it is a bit too short to assume I’m away... when I’m asleep? So I’m lying awake roasting in the middle of the night. So I disabled that too. Now... I have a regular thermostat. Assuming it’s not still failing somehow. Dumbest thermostat I have ever owned.Avoid like plague. Pleass ignore reviews by those who haven’t actually tested the features they are ooing at.
Easy once you figure them out We installed two of these in two separate apartments, set, and programmed for the Internet in 30 minutes. Worked fine with"two wire" (M1 and C terminals) on two old single stage garage heaters!
Doesn't regulate temperature It doesn't regulate temperature correctly. I have a nest and even bought a separate nest temperature sensor. Installed Honeywell original thermostat works much better
Five Stars Awesome!
Amazing and worth it! I use the gen 3 with the temp sensors. It's definitely a set it and forget it install. Unility bill has been lower (15%ish) for the 3 months we've had it installed.
Very Cool! Highly Recommend!!!
***WARNING*** This product will shut itself off on its own if left on the default settings. ***WARNING*** The thermostat's default setting uses machine learning to decide when to be on or off, rather than just running as you last set it. So, leaving it set at a certain temperature before being gone all day does **not** mean that your home will be kept at that temperature unless you go out of your way to change the as-installed settings. By default, the thermostat's program -- not you -- determines when to run the AC. If the program decides to do so, it will automatically shut itself off entirely -- without you even touching it. If you're not home to turn it back on, and if it's summertime in a hot place, your home will become an oven.I was not warned of this when management installed these in everyone's apartment, and my pet suffered for it. Where we live, temperatures get above 100 degrees during the day, so it's critical that the AC be on all day. I set it at 76 degrees in the morning for my pet and left for the day. I thought it would just keep my apartment at that temperature (or very close to it) all day. Wrong. Instead, owing to a horrifically flawed algorithm, it shut itself off during the day. My apartment was nearly 90 degrees when I got home, and it was very humid, which made it even worse. That number alone might not seem alarming, but to a small, older pet in poor health, it can be devastating. I tried fixing this by not only turning off the eco setting but also using the Lock feature, thinking that meant the temperature setting couldn't be overridden by AI. Wrong again. (All that does is prevent anyone from tampering with the actual device.) The same thing happened the next day, this time because the thermostat determined that I wasn't home. Again, it didn't just stay as I left it. It decided to turn itself off, and there was nothing I could do about it unless I had changed the default settings ahead of time. (I didn't know about that second one until that happened.)I recommend downloading the Nest thermostat app on your phone if you're stuck with one of these yourself (even though I find it creepy to have yet another device soaking up my info and, worse, tracking when I'm home or away). Monitoring the thermostat compulsively is, apparently, your only line of defense if Nest decides to cook your pet.
Love it! Great device. I have two installed in my home and both work great. Have seen energy and money savings using this thermostat. Bought one for my mom and she’s saved hundreds off her energy bill as well. Great investment
I would divorce it but it cost too much! So...bought this thermostat 2years ago...it has a mind of its own....literally! Sometimes it follows orders, sometimes not. I can set calendar, and it will still do what it wants. I can change from phone, it can ignore me... I don’t recommend spending this kind of money for poor response. I give it 2 stars cause it’s a cool concept....after professional install, cause that was NOT simple, and cost, $300 total for something NOT reliable! I would divorce it but it cost too much! Really not a good product.
Not compatible with Verizon I got two of these and had a profession HVAC person install them. After 2 weeks, the nests went offline (not connected to app), and I spent severals hours on the phone with technical service to restore service with no success. Based on the information they shared, they believe the reason was because Nest thermostats are not compatible with Verizon Fios routers (one of the largest internet service providers in the country). So, if you have Verizon, do not get Nest unless you want to also buy a compatible router.We got these thermostats to be able to set them at a distance. We're very disappointed.
Five Stars Definitely looks great and easy to install
A must have! First, I bought this on Ebay. I always Amazon, but I found it for $175, so I'm not a verified user.The house we bought came with a digital thermostat that was a pain to set. The schedules would take 10 minutes if you wanted to change them.My biggest flaw(imho) is my lack of patience. So when the Nest arrived, I was slightly annoyed to read the "is the Nest compatible" with your AC wiring. Or something similar. I pulled the old thermostat off and voila! It was(don't be alarmed. I can only imagine if your AC unit was installed in the first 3 years they existed, this might not work.), whew!The install took 3 minutes. 3 MINUTES?! It was entirely too easy. It seems like it took longer to remove my old thermo than it did to install the Nest. The app is as great as you could want.I've had this thermostat since November, but only thought to leave a review because it's been hot as eff the last month and the temp cooled down 20 degrees in 2 hours. 95 to 75. I was sitting outside and heard the old ass AC running(next on the to-do, replace it!). I went to the app, dropped it a couple of degrees and, surprise! It shut off almost immediately.If you're on the fence, buy it! You won't be sorry.
Absolutely hate Nest Got this installed as part of home automation security package. Was so excited! However, it acts totally erratic. The feels like is 105 outside and we like to keep the house at 71 since upstairs gets hotter. It just continuously goes into eco mode getting up to 78 downstairs and hell upstairs, deciding we aren’t home when we are. I’ve now shut off auto scheduling and eco mode to try to use like a non-smart thermostat. That completely wastes its purpose and leaves us hot and irritated. What a totally useless device!
Defective product and poor customer service My nest would not turn on my AC unit despite a simple thermostat easily accomplishing the task. When I contacted next, they required elaborate proof including a professional service invoice before they would believe me, and then Nest refused to allow me to return the faulty item because more than 30 days had passed since the time of purchase. As a result, I had to receive a new Nest even though their service made me want to get rid of their product forever. I hope the replacement Nest will work...
Bottom Line: Excellent thermostat that is easy to install. Wow!Arrived Fast. Hooked up easily. Saving me energy.What more could I ask for?!
Haven't seen the expected savings on the power bill. ... Haven't seen the expected savings on the power bill... not sure that it is worth $200+, but it looks cool
So easy to use So easy to use. So convenient. I love that it has a scheduler that turns the heat down automatically when we leave the office. It’s also nice to be able to change the temp from home if I know someone is going in durning Off times.
Buy an Ecobee instead I had one of these for about a year, and it would constantly go to "Away" mode (which means turning off the heat or AC) when I'm home. The issue is Nest only has a single motion sensor, so it can't tell if you're home if you happen to be on another level of your home -- or even in another room. (By the way, the new temperature sensors can't sense if you're home -- all they do is measure temperature.) If you're upstairs, the Nest downstairs will shut off all your climate control if you sleep in -- until you go downstairs to trigger the Nest to "Home". What's the point of having an automated system, if you have to do something to make it do what you want? You might as well save a couple hundred dollars and get a manual thermostat.Got an Ecobee recently, solves the above issues. I put Ecobee sensors in the basement and bedroom levels, done. Ecobee senses where you/family are and adjusts accordingly. It's also way easier to program if you want a set schedule for weekends or something.Nest has more of a recognizable name, but Ecobee is the thermostat that gets the job done. I can't imagine why anyone, having tried both, would prefer Nest. Perhaps for aesthetic reasons? It's a perfect circle; however, both look pretty on the wall.
Works better with a C wire installed It looks good, I love the copper, and performs great! I previously had one and I didn't have a C wire hooked up. When I was pulling off the old thermostat I noticed an extra wire shoved into the wall. I pulled it out, and then went upstairs to the blower, that same color wire was sitting there disconnected. I connected that wire up, and plugged it into the Nest, now it's working better than ever!
Five Stars Love the nest!!!
Installation is not straight forward. Got their online assistance ... Installation is not straight forward. Got their online assistance and was advised by Nest to do it incorrectly. It worked through the winter but wouldn't control the air conditioning when it finally got hot enough to turn on the system.Not saving us a dime when I have to spend $200 for a service call to fix a simple thing Nest should have made clear if they are giving installation advice. On top of that, record heat and no AC. Would consider an alternative were I to do it again.Makes me concerned about their other products.May revise after seeing how their customer service assists in remediating the problem.
Five Stars Pays for itself in just a couple months.
Five Stars product for my 40 minute walk in the dark. solar recharge is very handy.
Easy to use and a quality build Easy to use and a quality build. I think it needs a mode that has the outside and inside temps at the same time but otherwise fantastic.
Very useful and elegant looking addition to your home Easy home (and app) install. I love being able to watch/manage the house controls remotely.
Great product, beware of buying used I love this product, but Amazon warehouse sent me a defective one. I had to return and purchase elsewhere.
... neighbor talked me into this thermostat and I'm in love with it My neighbor talked me into this thermostat and I'm in love with it. Install went smooth and your tech support was great. Being able to change the temperature in the house when I forget to bump it up is a plus, still playing with all the options on my app.
Five Stars Like intermittent wipers on your car, you will ask yourself why would I live without this controller!
One Star This was a USED product and doesn't work! Where is your quality control?
Malfunctioned and killed our family pet. Malfunctioned and family pet died. Bought this about 2 months ago. It worked until the end of May. It stopped connecting to wifi. According to Nest, this can be caused by a low battery. Checked the battery voltage and it was fine. I set the thermostat before leaving for a 1-day trip. I came home the next day and it was 94 degrees in the house. We got home in time to watch my daughter's chinchilla die of heat stroke right before our eyes. She was devastated. I called Nest and went thru the troubleshooting process. The unit wasn't in eco mode, so it should not have turned off. The rep at Nest said he didn't know why it turned itself off. He also stated that it was probably a bad wifi chip. After 9 days, after calling twice to follow up, I called Nest to find that they had closed the case and there was no resolution. I was advised that the unit did "what it was supposed to" by going into eco mode, which was verified with the first rep I talked to that this was not the case. However, if the unit had connected to wifi, I could have monitored my home's temperature as I often did previously. So, I would implore you to not purchase this device. They admitted the device was faulty and would not take responsibility. I'm completely disgusted with this company. I will never do business with them again. Their equipment caused the death of our family pet and they refuse to do anything about it.
Five Stars Great should have brought it sooner
it is very good, adaptive Not a thermostat for the novice. But, it is very good, adaptive. It is a bit complicated with all the options & the phone app.
It’s been really nice to control the thermostat from my phone Everything about this thermostat has been a piece of cake. It took literally five minutes to install since we didn’t have any wall damage or paint to fix from the old thermostat.It’s been really nice to control the thermostat from my phone. No more getting out of bed when I forget to turn the AC on at night or shut it off when I start work. Working from home, it’s great as well since I can’t always leave my desk and will occasionally get hot.
Easy to use and install, not too sure how smart it is just yet It was very easy to install. I like the easy to read display and very simple to adjust the temp. I’m not sure if I like the “learning” part of the thermostat. It warms up the a/c if we are gone for a couple of hours, so it’s a little annoying to come home to warm house and then it has to run solid to catch back up. Not sure if this will get better, if not, I would not give it 5 stars
It got annoying because my circuit breaker is down stairs had to return this. Installed per instructions and still didnt work. Called NEST customer service and had me switch wires around over 10 times..It got annoying because my circuit breaker is down stairs. I lost about 5 pounds that day..Customer service finally told me that maybe I installed unit incorrectly and that I needed to pay more money to get a NEST PRO out there. I said NAh im good and i told them I will just install my old thermostat.. He said it wouldnt work. I hung up on him and installed my old thermostat. Worked perfect. Wish he would have just listen and sent a new unit.
COOL & saves me $$$ - Really enjoying my NEW Nest Just about the COOLEST toy since my Hot Wheels! I enjoy playing with my NEW Nest thermostat plus I know that it's saving me $$$ too!
Five Stars It makes you feel better some how.
Five Stars LOVE MY NEST
Easy setup for an amateur that can turn a screwdriver. Probably my favorite purchase of the year, self setup was easy after confirming with nest support that my HVAC system was compatible & getting the correct wiring chart. 45 minutes later and we were up and running!
Five Stars Easy install. Love it's learning feature. Saved my no less than $25 a month on electricity bill.
This thermostat seems pretty great so far This thermostat seems pretty great so far. I like the features of it and the minimalist design. We've had it over a week now and it seems to be settling into a routine that works well for us as well as reducing the daily run time of the AC unit. I didn't like the way it jumped around between temperature settings at first but those peaks seem to be smoothing out. It still does some weird stuff but I have the app on the wife's and my phone and I'm not sure if the settings on the apps are conflicting. So far so good though. The initial setup process and descriptions of some of the functions could be a little better.
Careful what you wish for. Product failed day 91. Looks like the WiFi chipset failed and has now locked up the entire unit. There is no longer any response from the unit that will allow you to change any temperature settings. NEST customer service has essentially gone AWOL.
Easy to use, looks great, saves on utility bills -- a no-brainer We recently purchased a home in a hot climate and purchased that came with a Nest Thermostat. So far - so good --- it is a great device and easy to learn and use. Best of all - it looks like this device will save us real money over the long haul by using our expensive utility rates more economically. The smart home is here and is only getting better!
high tech come with a price, this product have ... high tech come with a price, this product have not really much special than the regular product, its not really meaning to change ur life at all, keyless lock compare with keyed lock that make a lot of convenience for people, but this thing will not make people feel that way and with a big price...
Five Stars Great and honest seller (I think)!
Nice themostat Comes alive as you walk by it giving you the temperature. Communicates with Alexia which is a plus. Nice themostat. Rebates from gas company as defray the cost almost in half.
HVAC installers hate them, but I love mine HVAC installers hate them, but I love mine. Saves a lot of money even over other smart thermostats. Easy to install, but check their web site for compatibility since they're not compatible with all systems.
Great product. Check with your gas/electric company for a ... Great product. Check with your gas/electric company for a rebate. I got $100 back from Atmos gas!
It’s not complicated! I love that it has an ECO setting to save energy when not at home. Easy to set the temperature to correspond with date and time, and control with my IPhone!
2nd Nest This is my 2nd Nest thermostat. They are super convenient and easy to use. I saved a little more using Amazon both purchases.. very happy with Nest through Amazon..
Great Value for the Money Awesome. Just awesome. Easy to install (although I had a professional install mine as I had that opportunity for a free!!!. However, anybody can really do the installation).It has been very easy to use, and very friendly. It adjusts to your habits fairly quickly. Would highly recommend this thermostat.
Common wire issue - Voltage issue Lesson 1 - DO NOT WAIT TO HOOK UP. Amazon has only a 30-day return policy for this unit.Lesson 2 - DO NOT TRUST IN WINTER - be careful of freezing pipes if you loose power.Lesson 3 - Three days after installation realized screen always black because battery is low. Tried calling Nest twice - Second time took over an hour for them to pick up. Need to remove the Nest face to charge with our own charging wire daily. Keep in mind without the face attached the thermostat does not work (not good in winter). Found the issue is not only a needed common wire to be ran from handler to thermostat but all wires from handler to Nest thermostat need to have at least 24 volts when prior Honeywell thermostat was low voltage. Without the 24 volts (which can fluctuate as ours did - one moment showed 24 volts and next showed 14 volts). For something so popular, I am really disappointed in customer service availability and quality of the product after only a few days after installation.Update: After working on the phone with the technician for two hours, they approved a $150 diagnosis fee and sent an approved Nest Technician to our house for diagnosis only. The bill came to $185 with tax after learning the Nest is not compatible with our HVAC voltage. Note if the common wire was needed it would have been another $200 plus tax. The additional $200 (plus tax) for the common wire would need Nest approval and the technician said they many times are on hold a very long time also for that approval. The approved Nest technician will only run the common wire if it is uncomplicated. Otherwise, they tell you to hire another electrician. Over Five hours down the drain and Hoping for the reimbursement for the technician who told us our system is not compatible and hoping Nest will provide a refund. Amazon customer service was called and they too are having difficulty contacting Nest about a refund for the Nest unit. Hoping to hear from Nest soon about the reimbursement and refund since we have invested approximately $400 into the Nest thermostat that does not work with our HVAC system.
Complete waste of time Faulty product led to frozen pipes. Months of talking with customer service, providing documents everything. Complete waste of time. Will never use again, and would recommend everyone avoid- just not worth the money or hassle- not even close.
Five Stars Awesome Smart Thermostat that looks great on your wall.
Known problems with delay heating and cooling that can'r be fixed. I bought my nest December 2nd 2017. On May 29th 2018 nearing the beginning of Summer. It's 74 degrees outside, my AC is on, and it 76 degrees inside. Thermostat has a message of delayed for 4 hours. This is apparently a known problem with Nest thermostats. People have reported spending hours on line with Nest support for the same issue. My nest is only 6 months old and now it has this problem. It also now has a problem of occasionally setting my AC to 50 degrees and I have come home a few times now and found my house to be a meat locker. I have had a truly horrible experience with my nest thermostat. And some of the issues seem to be known issues. It would have been nice to know before I bought it. One expensive piece of crap. I do not recommend this for anyone. Will never by a nest again. I refuse to have to spend hours on the phone debugging my thermostat.
Five Stars Works great. Looking forward to the engird savings
I love this thermostat I love this thermostat. Super easy to install. I manage it though my phone. Love to be able to control the temperature through my phone. I have not had it long but my first electric bill with this thermostat was $18 less than normal.
Awesome buying experience and easy installation Product came super fast and was in perfect new-condition. Works well and was super easy to install.
DOES NOT CONTROL TEMPERATURE VERY WELL I keep both my Nest thermostats on 75 degrees and the cooling does not come on until it’s 76 or 77 degrees at the thermostat (both upstairs unit and downstairs unit). The cooling remains on until the temperature at the thermostats reaches 74 and sometimes 73 degrees. I contacted Nest and they said the thermostats were designed to turn on and off less to save energy and protect the cooling system. What about me? It’s hot then it’s cold. Most thermostats allow you to adjust the on/off difference but not Nest. Same temperature swing when heating. You have to put on and then remove clothes to keep warm. Think twice before buying Nest. Trust me, I bought two!
Alexa, turn diwn the A/C! Awesome, works great and Alexa friendly. Would highly recommend.
Four Stars works well. I am having trouble connecting to Alexa. Will work this out !
User friendly and eco friendly, what’s not to love? I just installed this myself in under 30 mins with NO experience to speak of. It works so much better than my old thermostat, I can already tell I’m going to be saving mega bucks. Easy to configure, convenient to use, app works great...I could not be happier.
Was great in the winter but since hitting warmer weather this ... Was great in the winter but since hitting warmer weather this year it stays in delay mode and will not cool our house. Going to home Depot and buying a normal cheap one that will actually cool our house.
Seems great after a few days Ordered a stainless Nest, but got a white Nest instead. Seems great after a few days. Easy install.
One Star Hate it! Too complicated. Fan runs cold all the time!
The greatest invention to passive-aggressively annoy your housemates. Poor Alexa.
Nest at its best I'm so happy I decided to make this purchase. It works amazingly and already started paying itself off.I live in Texas so it's already hot over here and I like it that it's saving me some cash. It looks very elegant and it's very easy to install and set up. It took me about 15 minutes to finish everything up including setting it up with my echo dot. I like it that I can ask Alexa the temperature inside and adjust the temperature with my voice. The mobile app however, is not the best but it does what it's suppose to do. I also like that it automatically updates the software and so far has never lost wifi connection.Highly recommend getting it!
Home/Away assist does not work. Beautiful product from a hardware standpoint, but poor software kills it.The device is supposed to use your phone's location to know whether you are home, however, this feature is incredibly inconsistent. I constantly have to walk over to the thermostat and wave my hand in front of it to "remind" it that I am actually home. I have reinstalled the Nest app on my phone multiple times. I have set location services to "Always" and my phone automatically connects to WiFi when I am at home. At the moment, the Nest App says that I am "Not here" based on my phone's location, despite being in the next room.I feel like a $30 Honeywell would have been more effective, with the only disadvantage being that I would need to remember to adjust the temperature before leaving the house before work.
Easy. Easy to set up. Easy to use. That's about the sum of it.
Five Stars Excellent product. Works as advertised. A++
MY nest worked perfectly for about 5 months, then ... MY nest worked perfectly for about 5 months, then all of a sudden, it will not stay charged. I have removed from base and charged with micro USB cord and still will not stay charged longer than 2 hours. Now my A/C will not turn on and stay on due to thermostat shutting down. Even with out the Common wire connected, my nest worked for over 5 months, it is supposed to charge while the A/C, Fan or Heater are running without the Common wire connected. It is not charging even while the A/C is running. It will not get above 2.6 volts even after spending all night on the wall charger. Biggest piece of junk I have ever bought.
Absolutely love it! Absolutely love it!!!!!!! Such a convenience when away from home or too lazy to get off the couch either one lol
Bought after returning EcoBee! FANTASTIC! This product is fantastic! I originally had purchased the EcoBee because I was interested in the room sensor function and its product ratings through trusted resources like CNET. After the EcoBee blew a fuse in my furnace because I was required to use the PEK tool (basically provides a C wire if you don't have one) I called a HVAC repair person. They followed the same installation instructions and blew 2 more fuses. I had installed it perfectly.I immediately returned the EcoBee and bought Nest and it works perfectly! I did not have to do anything strange to my furnace and I did extra research to confirm it is fully capable of recharging itself through your heating and cooling wires. I am very happy with the purchase as well as the application. It works great with my Alexa and there were not setup issues. This takes less than 15 minutes to setup. My only criticism is for folks looking for features in EcoBee - remember this is a learning thermostat. If you want to set your own schedule this application on Nest is a little clunky but that did not bother me at all since I like the learning feature.
I Love this thermostat I Love this thermostat. We changed from a furnace and central air to a heat pump and a pellet stove. Our bill went from 432.00 to 107.00. This little thermostat does amazing things to electric houses.!
Great product; great packaging Great product ; great packaging; great price.Works awesome!Very satisfied.Highly recommend.
Love the Nest Love the Nest! So easy to set up and get going. I plan on buying more Nest products. I have only been using it for 1-2 months but its already adapting to the everything that we do with it!
Doesn't seem to enjoy "learning" as advertised... I moved into a house that didn't have a programable thermostat, so I thought I'd give the Nest Learning Thermostat a try. I love the idea of a "learning" thermostat, but it hasn't exactly shown itself to be an 'A' student. After several weeks of manually adjusting the temp at the same time, it hasn't learned my preferences/patterns as it is advertised to do. This teacher is getting frustrated. Save yourself the hassle and find a wifi connected thermostat that also gives you the option to program it yourself.
Worked sporadically until the house hit 90 degrees - then gave up. **Updated review: Hooked it up again on a whim and it's working like a charm. I have no idea what happened the first time but now I'm a happy customer.I loved the idea of this. I checked for compatibility, installed it, installed the app, and all seemed fine. Then it wouldn't cool. The house got up to 84 degrees and no matter how much I spun the dang thing, it wouldn't work. Finally for some reason it started cooling. It got so cold, condensation started forming on my vents. I didn't dare stop it.The next day the same thing happened, only this time nothing I did got it to cool down. We spent hours, the house was well over 90 degrees. We ended up taking the nest off and reinstalling the old thermostat.If I find the time to try again and it works, I will gladly update my rating. Here's hoping.
Unit has already paid for itself in the first 4 months This unit cost me $20 after purchasing it on sale for $170 and getting $150 in rebates. Couldn't beat the cost. This thermostat was a major upgrade. Changing settings is easy, it looks great on the wall, and I have saved quite a bit already in energy costs.
Too bad.. Too bad...... It would not work with our system. It blew hot air on AC setting and on heater. I love in Arizona, so I'm pretty sure we need the cold air to work. We rented a home in California which had a Nest thermostat and it was pretty cool. Amazon has the best customer service and returns.
I like it I had a little problem setting it up (my fault). The Nest works great and is easy to read.
You can make changes to your ac from your phone Great device, I had this device installed professionally and I’m glad I did . It works with my network and I can control my ac via my IPhone.
I love how it tracks when nobody is home so that ... I bought one of these for a condo that my daughters live in. I love how it tracks when nobody is home so that it can turn off (mostly) the heat and the AC. I also like how I can use this to circulate the air to keep the temperature uniform in the home. If I am gone for an extended time, I can kick the unit into eco mode and then a set a schedule to heat my house so it is warm when I get home.The only problem that I have with this is that it is expensive. I have radiant heat with a thermostat in each room, so it isn't practical to have thermostats to control each room. Fortunately, I have dual fuel air conditioners that I can use for heating, so my plan is to use this to turn on forced air heat when I am returning from a long ski vacation. When I get back, I will have to manually turn on each of the hydronic radiant zones to get my home comfortable. (Radiant is the best heat. It is quiet--the fans wake me up--and it keeps the dust down. Also, the temperature curve is much more comfortable with the floors being warm and the air temperature gradually reducing as you get farther from the floor.)
LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!! Love the nest. We were able to get it through gift cards and a points program through my hubby's work. Even if we would have had to purchase this outright it is well worth it. We can control it thru our Alexa/Echo or on my phone as well. I like the convenience of it. It also can let you know how much time your heat/air ran for the month. Our electric bills are done since getting our Nest.
Super easy to install and adjust Super easy to install and adjust. I love that I can adjust it from an app on my phone.
Customer service is also excellent. I sent the pictures of my current wiring ... Installation was a breeze. Flawless design and user interface. Customer service is also excellent. I sent the pictures of my current wiring and within 5 minutes I received a picture of how my new wiring should look. Great product.
Five Stars Great Product!
New version is very cheap he feeling and does not attach to backing plate very well Extremely overpriced for what they are especially the new version is very cheap feeling old ones felt robust and what you would expect new ones have cheapie basil it feels like it won’t last very long also had a really hard time while doing set up To not pull faceplate off wall does not seat to backing plate very well I am in the HVAC industry and for this kind of money there are much much much better thermostats on the market but why many people purchase them has nothing to do with functionality but because they are trendy
Learning Thermostat My husband claims that this didn't work as advertised. I know nothing more about it.
Five Stars Easy to install and so far the HVAC system appears to be working more efficiently.
Five Stars It is a little challenging controlling but the app makes it simple.
Product didn't work for me. Installation of product was simple. However, product detects what type of system you have, and it incorrectly assumed that I had a heat pump, when in fact I have an a/c unit and gas furnace. There is no way to change this - it assumes what it detects that you have is what you have, and there is no setting or way to change it. When thermostat was trying to cool my home, it turned on the furnace, and when trying to heat my home, it turned on the a/c. I checked several times and it was wired correctly (the same as my Honeywell that it replaced). Contacted Nest support but did not hear back from the for 3 days, so I am returning the thermostat.
Very Cool Great weather don’t have it’s benefits yet!
Five Stars Outstanding
Should have ordered it earlier! Easy to install and set up, and so far works great. Alexa controls the thermostat which is a plus!
Exceptional service Works as advertised. However, what really stands out is their customer service. It has been almost a year since I installed my units. One of them stopped connecting to my wifi. I restarted the unit and restarted my wifi. I called service and informed them of this and they mailed out a new face unit to me. It was up and connected again in a couple days. The process was simple and there was no muss no fuss from Nest.
Helpful and convenient Very good product. Worth the money.
Good product Please note that if your thermostat is battery operated, then you may need to charge nest regularly. I missed this point. Since the Rh wire does not charge it (in my case), I need to periodically charge it by removing the disc.
Five Stars Easy to install. Self programming. Learns my preference. I love it.
One Star This unit was defective and shorted out my ac unit cost me $400 to fix
Saved me a few bucks on my monthly bill due to ECO. Coolest thermostat ever. Super easy to install, program, and use via the free app. I love how it also monitors humidity and has so many ECO options.
easy to install, works great! setup was super easy, i was a little worried as i am not an HVAC installer in my wildest dreams but there is even a video to walk you through installation. it was really just putting some wires in the holes. works great so far, i am interested to see how much my electric bill changes after getting this.
Great device with some minor flaws, I bought a second one and love it! Pros:Easily adjustable, interface is common sense and user friendly.The app connects seamlessly with Alexa and your phone, which allows you to adjust the thermostat even when you're not in it's proximity.Much better looking on the wall than standard thermostats.Cons:Lights up when you walk in front of it, which can be nice, however it would be nice if it would auto dim at night because it really is bright, especially if you have an AC thermostat in your bedroom.Would be nice if it provided the capability of locking it from being changed, as its so user friendly that a guest or child can easily change the temperature pretty drastically and potentially cause issues for your AC unit.
Five Stars Awesome
Five Stars Awesome product!
One works, other stopped working, can't connect to WiFi after a year I bought 2 nest thermostats just about a year back. Great while it worked.One stopped working after a year. I tried everything and it would not connect to WiFi. Sorry, support is useless. I know, I forced the HVAC fan to run to charge it's battery, reset the entire thermostat, it doesn't see any WiFi networks. Support is telling me my WiFi is bad, well not so for my other nest, and this one doesn't even see neighbors WiFi when my other nest sees about 10 Wi-Fi's. This unit has a problem and I am disappointed with terrible support.Couple hundred dollars down the drain.
Con Ed B.S. Endorsement I could NOT care less if our local utllity company CON ED, endorses this so called "learning thermostat" and that it saves SOOOOOO much energy for the user in the long run. I just had my old gravity heat furnace and window A/C units (4) replaced by my HVAC tech neighbor to a complete AMERICAN STANDARD central air system. (He did a fantastic job, free labor. He made the mistake of getting me a non-smart Honeywell thermostat. I replaced it with this generation Nest thermostat. After I did so, I received zero power to the unit. I called my neighbor, he checked ALL the fuses, circuit breakers, and my wiring and found ALL to be operational. He had to send a message to "NEST" to resolve the problem of zero power to Rc or even Rh, and they STILL have not gotten back to me after 48 hours. Do yourself a favor and get a DIFFERENT SMART THERMOSTAT so you don't have to deal with the headaches I am suffering with.
In time you'll end up using it as a regular thermo bc the other features suck Takes forever to cool your house. Don't waste your money, buy an inexpensive simple wall thermostat. Gave it two stars because it looks cool
Five Stars Works wonderful with Alexa
DAMAGED IN LESS THAN 10 days..... I need to return this product i purchased it and in less than 10 days it is damages i need to return this and either receive a NEW one (i do not want a refurshibed replacement) or my money back. This is a very expensive piece of equipment for it to be DAMAGED in less than 10 days of use.....please contact me ASAP....thank you
Great, but not easy set up with all systems Absolutely love our nest!! Does everything it say.Only problem was we had difficulties with setting it up and the support was not great. We even had a professional look at it afterwards and he had to call nest and it took him 3 hours!!!Even though he had his “Nest Pro” certification, he told us he had no training at all. They just approved him by gave him no manuals or training aids. It simply gave him the authorization to call the “pro” number.
Their website was very intuitive and helped me get everything installed easily and correctly I installed it myself. Their website was very intuitive and helped me get everything installed easily and correctly. It works as advertised. No issues. It saved me money also. I am really happy with this buy. Also, I recommend their doorbell. I had nothing but issues with the Ring. Now I can control all Nest products in one app.
Installed\setup in about an hour - but you need to know if you have single fuel or duel fuel system Installed in about an hour. It is much easier setup for a "single fuel" system. If you know that you have single fuel you are good to go. If you have a "dual fuel" system you may need a professional. At least the setup throws you a curveball about that. At least that is what we found. I just took a picture of the wiring on the old thermostat and connected the same wires (color coded) to the new NEST gen3 thermostat and it worked perfectly. It runs you through a test. I do have one complaint. Where it gets the weather for the display is off the Internet. We live in a pocket that can get much different 5-10 degrees than what the "weather channel" reports online. Not sure why they just don't get the temperature from the outside A/C-heat component, unless it doesn't know the temp outside, only inside. THE TEMP DISPLAY NEEDS TO BE FROM DIRECTLY OUTSIDE THE HOUSE, not from the "Internet" that some news agency is reporting. HOW INACCURATE! There must be a couple of dozen temperature sensors you can buy on the Internet that will allow you to install a sensor outside and get a more accurate temperature (unless it sits in the sun, or unusual spot). Sorry, but I'm all for accuracy. As far as the thermostat goes, it is a very nice product. I would buy more NEST products and may do so in the future. This was for an upstairs AC/heat unit. (Picture after install showing farsight setting called TARGET TEMP) Update: I am somewhat disappointed to find out that when setting a schedule on your day (ie. Monday, Tuesday, etc...) that your temperature changes have to be set 1 hour apart. I don't see why they can't be 15 minutes or 5 minutes apart. I need to modify the temperature sooner than 1 hour in between each change when sun hits the house, etc...
Five Stars Awesome!
I wish I had gotten it sooner I wish I realized it came with a mounting plate so I didn't waste my money on one of those stupid metal circles. With an older thermostat, everything turned out fine with install but we had to look at a couple of diagrams and search some details online. The only issue we had is we did not properly seat one of the wires, it worked but it was blowing heat instead of cold and cold instead of heat and running hard while we were trying to figure out what we had done wrong. Reseated that red wire and its been great. I noticed the system wasn't running as often and the nest seemed a lot more accurate than my old thermostat. We have had it for a month now, we did have our AC break in the last couple of days, I don't think its related but one of the ways I checked was in my history, we were normally running the system 5-6 hours a day and it was suddenly running for 10 hours. Looking forward to seeing more improvements. I plan to get the sensors later and I love yelling at Alexa to make it warmer or cooler at will.
Easy to Install and Easy to Use This is truly an awesome device, especially if you're at all handy and kind of control freak. Now I can see the temperature and humidity in my house, even when I'm away and can change it in anticipation of returning home. It was truly easy to install and the online video directions were excellent. I wanted one of these for a long time and don't know why I waited.
Best investment anyone can make for conserving on heat and ... don't know why I didn't buy it sooner! Best investment anyone can make for conserving on heat and a/c bills! don't think twice about buying, well worth the investment, plus I received a $100 rebate from my electric company
Smart Thermostat Awesome thermostat. Pretty easy to install, it learned my schedule within a week and now it turns on and off and regulates the temperature according to my habits.
Five Stars Essential in every home!
Five Stars looks great and works great! so convenient to have access to the thermostat when I'm away from home
Needs improvement. Is not as effective as I thought.Detect the outside temperature and adjust AC accordingly.hell AC's should be modified to suck cold air from outside to inside.
Continued issues when weather got cold. Now power problem ... Continued issues when weather got cold. Now power problem. Research online all the issues when cold weather before buying this product. The thermostat says says no power to red wire when checking the red wire with the yellow and white wire the voltage is 26v more than the required 24V (range should be 24 to 30V). Nest tells me it is a faulty base to the thermostat. The $60 dollar trane thermostat is actually cooling the house while waiting for a replacement. I almost bought an ecobee after reading reviews but bought the nest because of Google. Wish I hadn't bought the nest with all the troubles and days without a functioning system.
Not compatible with Homekit Doesn't work with Homekit and probably never will. Replaced with something better.
Five Stars Easy to install and set up. So far works great!Update:I quickly grew annoyed and tired of the "delay" feature. Cause of this my house does not cool down to what it should. It runs for 2 minutes then delays, repeat, repeat.... I might throw my Nest away over it and go back to a standard thermostat. So frustrating. Any fixes for this???
This thermostat was incredibly easy to set up This thermostat was incredibly easy to set up! The whole process began with removing the old thermostat and wiring the Nest and installing it. Total time was about 25 minutes. Once I powered it up and logged it into my home network, it downloaded all of the necessary updates it needed. I was pleased to know that it will display time in the 24-hour format! I live and breathe by this format and when I walk past it, it flashes the time and the date to me. The display is easy to read and navigate. I waited too long to put this thermostat in my house! If your HVAC system is compatible with this thermostat, I would highly recommend it to anyone!
Five Stars Great product
Five Stars Omg you must get one of these! So convenient in adjusting temperature from phone! I’m spoiled
Five Stars Should have bought one when they first came out!
Easy to install and operate Came quicker than expected. It was very easy to install. You can see the learning starting almost immediately. I would buy this again.
Just installed the Nest. Setup was a breeze. ... Just installed the Nest. Setup was a breeze. I'll run it for a while and report back. With a little luck, it should pay for itself in a year or so.Update #1: Temperature accuracy is great. I checked it against a ThermoWorks thermometer and it was right on.
Five Stars It works just fine not hard to install.I really appreciate it.
Five Stars Love it.
Terrible -- keeps setting the a/c temp to the same temp for heat -- total waste of money. I hate this thing. This dumb thing keeps setting the a/c to the same temp I used for the heat. I've changed the temp about a billion times and it keeps doing it. I've gone through and changed all the scheduled temps about half a billion times and it keeps doing it. I hate this damn thing soooooo much. It's not worth the cost because it'll double your utility bills for weeks in the spring and fall. Horrible, horrible, horrible.
Five Stars Love love love this!!!!
Five Stars Really cool to be able to control from anywhere!
Alexa works great, once you installed the Nest skill Got two of these with the Elago Bronze/Chrome plates to match my hardwood floors and trims.Here is what I learned.1. Copper must not be very popular, batteries were almost dead, so I strongly advise that you leave yours on a micro-USB for one hour before or during install.2. Temperature right after installed is 5 degrees higher, even on the first unit which I did not initially charge. No worries, it normalizes in about 12h, just set it higher.3. Lock your machine, use strong passwords for access, or could end up with a nasty IOT hack.4. Alexa works great, once you installed the Nest skill. Make sure you assign this device a static IP so Alexa will always find it.5. Phone app is great.6. Four wire, Y,G,W,R system here, T went to Rh for symmetry, prior Rc and Rh were bridged in the old Honeywell, no need for this here.I just want to play with it, now I got the Alexa skill bug, "Alexa raise downstairs temp by one degree", "Alexa start Espresso" (Belkin WeMo) "Alexa start climate control in Tesla at 70 degrees now" (another Elon victim with third party app).Hitting 50 here, we came from fountain pen and pencil to using Adobe and reading Kindle, now this, amazing!
Short warranty, no cost-savings, and not worth the money! The Nest had some nice features like being able to cool my house when I was driving home from a trip so it was cool when I got there or turning up the heat from my bed in the morning, but there were many, many more problems than benefits. First, the Nest and its self-programming was not beneficial. Every month or so I had to go and undo the programming that Nest made for itself because it was cooling at odd times. We NEVER saw a decrease in our bills and honestly, I believe the Nest increased our bills because of that. Finally, we have owned the Nest for 4 years. We called Nest support and they weren't able to help. We went through at least 4 different attempts to fix it. We then had to hire someone to come out and try to fix it. In the end and 250$ later, our Nest still doesn't work. The warranty expired after 3 years, which is utterly ridiculous on such an expensive thermostat. So, we paid around $500 for the Nest (initial purchase and the attempts to repair) for 4 years of use with no perceived savings. We are going back to our $40 programmable thermostat that will last us 10 years. Waste of money.
The interface sucks, there is nothing smart about it, it doesn't hold a temp. Nest could fix all these problems but they don't. Every time I have to deal with this thermostat I'm frustrated. This thing has so much potential yet fails so horribly.Pros:It's pretty.No wi-fi connection issues.It hasn't broken, technically. (Has it ever worked, though?)Cons:First and foremost, it doesn't hold a temperature, which I think is what a thermostat is supposed to do. I can't overstate how terribly uncomfortable this is. Temps swing 2 full degrees. I wake up at night sweating because it lets the temps rise so much before triggering the AC to come on. And then 30 mins later I'm freezing because it over cools. This, according to support, is to save my compressor from cycling too often. Okay, I get that, but this is all software, right? Give me the option to choose how much the temps swing. Why is this not user configurable?Secondly, so many of the features have no consideration from multi-stage systems. Instead, the settings want to swing temperatures wildly, which defeats the purpose of having a multi-stage system. Again, this is software--it COULD be smart enough to not trigger the second/third stage when it decides to swing, but of course it's not that smart. For example, the auto-away mode has a minimum setting of 76 degrees Fahrenheit. (I don't ever want my house 76 degrees in the summer, by the way--what's wrong with you, Nest?). If I leave, my house will go from 72 to 76. When I come back, it now wants to run the second stage AC to force the house down 4 degrees. Uhh... why isn't there some logic to say use first stage for an extended period instead? Again, this is software, right? Or how about you just let me have my away setting at 74, which is way more reasonable in the first place. If my thermostat were 76 degrees half the day it would be a sauna. It needs to cycle more than that just to control humidity where I live (KY). The heat used to have some stupid max setting of like 64 but they fixed that--it can now go up to 70. I'm not sure why they won't fix the AC. When I called support, the tech said he hears this complaint constantly.Next, the scheduling is awful. The auto-smart crap is like AI from 10 years ago. They must have gotten the code from RIM for the new BlackBerry. Manual scheduling is unbelievably time consuming. I'm forced to create a gazillion points to slowly bring the temp down because I don't want it to trigger the second stage AC. What I want, in the summer for example, is for my house to be 72 if I'm home during the day, 70 at night while I sleep, and 74 when I'm away (Boy, how I wish that auto-away feature wasn't so STUPID--it's the whole reason I bought this thing!)So this thing can control a humidifier--great! Good luck finding that setting. I had to watch a YouTube video to figure out how to find it. Controlling the fan schedule is equally confusing. The humidifier setting is slightly easier to find on the phone app, but my HVAC tech doesn't have his phone setup to control MY thermostat. The fan setting is dumb in every interface.This product is a piece of crap for no good reason.My intention was to buy ALL of the Nest products, but if they can't get their core offering right, I have to assume that the rest of the line can't be worth my time.
Worked great in the winter (purchased in November) - but would ... Worked great in the winter (purchased in November) - but would not work to power air conditioner in the summer due to error in circuit board. According to our HVAC guy this is a common problem. Unfortunately it is too late to return it....
Wouldn't order off off Amazon Deals Item was far more damage than was described, and was was not functional. Luckily, I was able to contact the manufacturer and get the thermostat replaced; a month later I finally have a working thermostat.
Five Stars Great product
Incredibly easy to control with phone, tablet, or echo. I’m writing this review after only a few days. Right now I absolutely love the product, but I know sometimes things changed after a few months. Well I hope it doesn’t I just want people to understand I am new to the product. What I love about it is I can control it without even touching it through my phone, tablet, or Amazon echo. I’ve tried all three and they work perfectly. It was installed by my local HVAC tech. It took him about 40 minutes to install it and help me set it up on my phone, tablet, and echo. It was very easy.
The only good looking thermostat in history The only good looking thermostat in history. Works perfectly and as advertised. Well worth the investment. Install was supper easy, set up was equally intuitive. The app is also easy to use and works well.
Doesn't do the ONE thing a thermostat needs to do... maintain the temperature it's set to! this is a copy of a letter I just sent Nest. I think it serves as a fair review of this product..._____________I was on hold for exactly 1 hour 15 min today and nobody ever answered so I finally gave up. Then waiting over an hour for online chat tonight before I was finally "helped." This is the worst thermostat I have ever used and maybe the worst company I have ever tried to get support from. Based on the wait time I'm clearly not the only person who has such major issues with your products.I have an E model Nest. The temperature is always 2 degrees off what I set it to. I set AC to 75 and it doesn’t turn on until 77 degrees and stays on until 73. So I’m always too cold or too hot and constantly adjusting the temp to fool it into turning on or off. I truly hate this thing! I know that’s by design and cannot be changed unlike most other thermostats.I was hoping if I pay $250 for the gen 3 model that may be better than the Nest E, but your agent told me it's exactly the same temperature differential spec (despite a couple reviewers on Amazon saying it's a 1 degree differential each way for the gen 3). So disappointing. I cannot imagine how you think a temperature differential of 4 degrees that cannot be changed by the user is acceptable or comfortable.I will tell EVERYONE I know or anyone who will listen do not ever buy a Nest product. The ONE thing a thermostat needs to do is maintain a comfortable temperature. No matter how many useless bells and whistles you have or WiFi or Alexa integration, if you cannot maintain the temperature it's set to, your product is useless as its intended purpose. I'm heading to Amazon right now to post a review.______________I was really excited about trying out the Nest thermostat and really wanted to like this, but it's just horrible. My girlfriend comes over and is putting on and taking off a heavy jacket every 15 minutes based on what the AC is doing at the time. I am very picky about this sort of thing, but she is not, and the fact that she complains that my apartment is constantly too hot or too cold says a lot about this thermostat. It's nice otherwise... if it only worked.
Five Stars Easy to install, easy to use, saving $ is a good thing.
Saving money and energy Already saving me time and money. No longer have to worry about if I changed the temp at work. I use it at work to make sure I’m not using the heat or ac while at work. Saving me a lot of money already, and going to make the money back soon.
Five Stars Great Product! easy installation, works wonderful.
Stops connecting to network after several months. Customer service says this is a known defect and they'll ship a replacementen Buyer beware...known defect according to manufacturer!
Best thermostat on the market Best thermostat on the market, in my opinion. So easy to use, both manually and via phone app. Also looks super nice and high tech.
Great product. Makes it easy to keep the house ... Great product. Makes it easy to keep the house comfortable. Also appreciated the account credit from SCE for installing this device.
Great Thermostat Great thermostat; excellent control and easy to use
this is less useful and less effective as a normal thermostat Unless you are some kind of power user of nest, this is less useful and less effective as a normal thermostat. I come home from work any my house is 76 degrees two days in a row. I have to call tech support and they don’t even know what’s going on. Turns out a sustem update set the eco setting to let my house get to 70 degrees of no one is home and there’s no way to change that unless you turn off the eco setting. Can I have my old mercury thermostat and my money back?
Stopped working after 1 Year!!!! Bought this 1 year ago and thermostat has been great until just now. It is no longer sending enough voltage to the HVAC and the AC is no longer working. Had to have an HVAC tech come out to see what was wrong and they diagnosed and confirmed the issue is with the Nest (hooked up a different thermostat and it worked fine, also connected wires directly and system worked fine). Not sure if this is the result of a firmware upgrade or not. Trying to get some help from Nest support but have been on hold for several hours and have tried multiple times - they are useless. Amazon support was great though!
Five Stars Very good works perfect, thanks.
Check compatibility before buying or having Nest Pro come and "install" Save your time and money by checking your system first. I wasted mine and want others to benefit from this experience. I should have trusted my instincts. I already knew the wires were incompatible but I wanted to use the Nest thermostat so I called Nest customer service who then told me that a Nest Pro installer can rewire my system to make the thermostat work with my system. Apparently the Nest Pro installer couldn't rewire my system because I have a communicating furnace that actually uses different wires to communicate with the entire system.So long story short, if you have DX+ and DX- wires, don't bother buying a Nest thermostat or having a Nest Pro installer come by because Nest will not work with your system.
This thing is amazing It works as described, but be patient with it and let it learn your habits. It does learn and you begin to forget about it. I love being able to control my thermostat from my cell phone. So convenient!
Good as long as it has a guarantee My thermostat showed a fault, it stopped working and only had a small flashing green light with the screen off. I tried to restart it as indicated by the support procedures and nothing, I got in touch with the support service and tried to do the same without success, in the end it turned out that it has a software malfunction that prevents restarting the device and since it is out of Warranty they told me that I have to buy a new one.It seems that NEST service is good when it is covered by the warranty, otherwise if your product fails there is nothing more that can be done, throw it away, resign yourself and buy another brand
Very disappointed Product was used. Very disappointed
Compatibility issues are paramount. Tech support has some problems. Be aware before you buy! From my experience with the product, I can see why some might rate it 5 star, but my experience was not good and cost me a lot of time and frustration after purchasing and subsequently returning (one after another) three Nest Thermostats. It's a long story...My heating-A/C system is three zone with a Honeywell HZ311 controller and an Amana ASXC16 air conditioner.The saga begins in early January when I purchased and installed the first Nest Learning Thermostat after checking for compatibility online. Installation was a bit of a hassle because Nest thermostats won't work with the Honeywell controller unless there is a common wire. I had to overcome two problems - (1) the Honeywell thermostat that I was replacing had been incorrectly wired with respect to the common wire and Nest's instructions are based on existing wiring, and (2) the Nest tech support person that was helping me did not understand the common wire requirements as related to my controller. It took me a day or two of further detective work, greatly aided by inspecting the wiring on a second thermostat, to figure out how to properly wire the Nest.After several weeks of using the Nest with my heating system we ran into significant conflicts with the so-called "learning" aspects of the thermostat. I would set a schedule only to notice a few days later that my heating schedule had been inexplicably altered in ways that I could not understand. (A personal note. I have decades of experience in AI, starting in the early '70s as a graduate student, so I was also very interested in seeing how the learning function would work.) Well, the learning function of the Nest, IMHO, is beyond comprehension as it seems to completely ignore any explicit instructions it receives from the human operator, so I think Nest techies have a lot of work to do there. As a practical matter, we could not live with the thermostat as a learner. In a conversation (or chat) with tech support, the Nest representative suggested we replace the Learning model with the "E" model, which I then did.Now we were very happy with the Nest (the "E" model) for several months. We really liked the scheduling functions and the Eco "away" functionality, and what was particularly useful was the ability to remotely set the temperature prior to our return after a week-long absence.However, that happiness evaporated when we had a heat wave in early April with temperatures hitting 80 degrees and we found that the "E" was causing our air conditioner to rapidly cycle on and off with a significant loss in efficiency. What I had failed to notice and what the Nest rep had failed to point out is that the "E" and the "Learning" thermostats have differences wrto A/C compatibility. In particular, whereas the "Learning" works with two-stage air conditioners, the "E" does not. Our Amana is two-stage. All of this involved another long session with a Nest tech rep, and after going through our whole saga, the rep suggested we go back to the "Learning" model and also that it was easy then to turn off the learning feature which we strongly disliked. (I wish that the earlier rep had made that recommendation rather than the suggestion to replace with an "E"!)So the "E" was returned and another "Learning" model obtained and installed. A few weeks went by and with the learning mode disabled we were now pleased with the the "Learning" model, until the weather got warm again. Then we saw that the "Learning" model induced exactly the same rapid cycling in the A/C as had been the problem with the "E". Again a conversation with tech support and this time the rep told me that my specific model of Amana was not compatible with any Nest thermostat. So now our third Nest has been returned, and we are getting a "smart" Honeywell thermostat instead.After all this I began to wonder if I had not been diligent enough in my initial compatibility checking, so I did a Google query combining "nest" with my Amana A/C model number, but got no hits. From that I conclude that the fact that my Amana is not compatible with Nest is knowledge available to Nest reps, but not the public.Some final comments on Nest tech support. If you've read this far, you are aware of several problems arising from tech support. Overall, support personnel were easy to work with and seemed very knowledgeable, even though in some cases it turns out that they should have been more knowledgeable. The biggest problem is that waits are extremely long, both for chat and for telephone support. On top of that, their chat and telephone technology is not reliable. I had at least two chat sessions that terminated unexpectedly, and one extremely frustrating phone call where I was finally connected to a tech after a 40 minute wait, only to immediately get disconnected. The phone wait is also extremely frustrating in that a voice occasionally comes on to inform you that wait times are extremely long and to suggest that it might be better to try at a different time, without suggesting a time range that might have shorter waits.
I love my nest I love my nest. I was always fooling with the thermostat. Up down up down. I would turn it down at night and wake up freezing every morning at 4 am. Not any more. I love it and recommend it to anyone and everyone!!
b'Excellent and fast response from a tech company which claims ... After one month of use, I got E73 error. I called customer support. What customer support?! Nest does not have customer support! You will be left on hold forever! I gave up and sent an email to the customer support. I got a response almost one week after. And what does the email say: \xe2\x80\x9cThis error code is in relation to power and requires additional information. Please give a call to 1\xe2\x80\x91855\xe2\x80\x91469\xe2\x80\x916378 at your earliest convenience\xe2\x80\x9d!!! At my earliest convenience?! Bravo! Excellent and fast response from a tech company which claims manufacturing futuristic thermostats!'
Five Stars great! temp control at touch of your fingers on your phone is awesome
Installed and programmed in 15 minutes I am very satisfied this with Nest Learning Thermostat 3rd Generation in stainless silver. The is a well designed and well made product. The instructions about the installation and usage posted on the Website is well-written and illustrated. The installation is very easy. I thought I need extra tools but I was wrong. All I need are the screws and the screw driver included in the package. I don't know how others could complain about the installation process but I removed my old thermostat and install the Nest Learning Thermostat within 15 minutes. I also need to use the plastic wall plate and the metal caddy included. I followed the step-by-step programming process and had no issues at all. It does what it is designed to do.This thermostat also could work with Simplisafe security system. After the integration process, Simplisafe could display the current temp in the online dashboard. And Nest thermostat can inform the alarm system to set the Home or Away status. I am also looking into other Nest products like cameras, door bell and security system.
Five Stars this is great, easy to hook up, and is wifi.
I like a manual thermostat Living in Colorado, with fluctuating temperatures, I like a manual thermostat. Mornings turn it on if needed, evenings, on or off, home from work a day or two, it automatically sets it's self based on daily history. Sometimes I wake up at 4 am, it's chilly, next day I wake up at 7 am and it's 75. Cannot find a manual setting. One day I need the heat, next day, some AC, I don't want it to perform on history, cause my history and weather changes all the time. Sending it back for manual ones. If you wake up once on a Thursday at 3 am, think it's chilly, yiu turn the heat up, every Thursday it will automatically turn the heat up at 3 am. Took me 2 hours to erase all the settings ( history), and here we go again. Hate it. My history on the unit flucuates daily, but uses history to heat or cool the house. If you like to adjust a thermostat 4-5 times a day ( open windows etc), do not get. Nothing but a nightmare. If you have a guest over, and they say it's chilly or warm in here on Tuesday, every Tuesday it will reset it self.in Colorado we have 30 -40 degree difference in a day.Let's say you go on vacation for a week, I just want to keep the temp at 60, set it, forget it ( heat), with no AC. "Honey, did you turn it down, taxi is waiting, - yep all set" Not happening, Can't do it, without erasing all history. The history includes every day, every hour that you changed the temp, so over a 10 day period, youmay have 80-90 settings in history. You have to delete each one individually. There's no " clear all history." On the dial. So at 2 pm, the heats comes back up to72 or whatever as soon as leave for the airport. and continues the history while you're away. If you live with closed windows and doors may work for you, but I prefer fresh Colorado air. I turn down my thermostat cause it gorgeous out, outcomes back on because the day before I had it on at 3 pm. Ahhhhh, hate it. 50 and rainy feels more chilly then 40 and sunshine. Can't win with this thing.It needs a manual override and a clear all history option ,too techy, forgot about the basics , and I'm not wasting 2 hours every week messing with this thermostat, cause last week was different weather. If you travel a lot, forget it, you're done for.
Five Stars Easy install and easy setup!!!!
Flashy, Worthless Toy Advantages:. 1). You can set the temperature online or by voice command to Alexa.Disadvantages:. 1). Ridiculously expensive. 2) Does not show time like every dumb thermostat on Earth. 3). Does not track filter usage, like every dumb thermostat on Earth. 4). It thrashes your furnace fan motor by turning it on and off constantly. Every dumb thermostat on Earth will wait a few minutes before calling for heat or cool so it doesn't thrash your motor. 5). You cannot control this thermostat remotely, you can only do a few things. You cannot, for example, just turn on the fan motor. 6). Doing anything manually on a Nest takes 5x as long as it would with any dumb thermostat on Earth. 7). The much-heralded learning ability meant for me that it learned the wrong thing. Guess how long it takes to get it to unlearn? Weeks. I set it to don't learn. Ever. 8). The face is blank unless you wave your hand in front of it, unlike every dumb thermostat on Earth. 9). Nest--like my wife--can't take a punch. I have punched it three times in utter frustration, and plastic pieces keep flying off. For this money Nest should give you a punch force value in foot-pounds or Newton-meters, configurable from Alexa.I was kidding about my wife.With my next punch I will drop Nest like second-period French--and go back to a dumb thermostat.
Buy it, Save Money Huge cost savings, eco mode never runs the heat, my girlfriend freakin hates it - she's cold all the time. I love it, would buy it again immediately if had to.
Three Stars Still not sure the difference in between this smart device and regular thermostat (besides app enable function).
Easy to install, setup and use. Didn't purchase from Amazon, but figured it's best to leave a review here. This was very easy to install, setup, and get going. Took me about 20 minutes total. After using it for a few days, there have been no issues with this item. I would absolutely recommend this to others.
Horrible thermostat The nest thermostat sucks and makes you think way too much about yiur heating/cooling. My heat is constantly not kicking on due to all of the BS micro-controls within the unit. I cant tell yiu how many times this winter i awoke to a house that was 60 degrees when i never programmed the unit to do that. Then the frickin thing wont turn the heat on for like 2 hrs. It will say delayed. Im sorry, when my house is 60 degrees, i dont want to wait for it to heat up.
I am no expert but I will tell you my impressions if it is important to you to have it in both heat and cool mode. Dual mode works sort of but not ... Okay, some really in depth reviews to tell me everything about this but dual mode. I am no expert but I will tell you my impressions if it is important to you to have it in both heat and cool mode. Dual mode works sort of but not like I wished, it doesn't seem to know that I wished it knew the outside temperature and would make the house a little warm or a little cold because of it. See to make it work it can't cross-over the temperatures. Not sure if this makes sense, so let me try to explain. I have to set the heat side to 68 and the cold to 71 and either the display will be orange if it is heating or blue if it is cooling. So the house is always a right around 70, but if it is cold outside I wished it would heat to 72 so it would be toasty inside, nope. Or if it is heating up outside I wished the cooling would come on sooner so that is doesn't heat up to 74 before the cooling can finally compensate and cools it down to 71. Maybe it will just get better and better as it learns, or I can switch to heat only and warm the house a little extra or to cool, but I could do that with my old thermostat, I just wanted to be lazy and never have to mess with it. To be perfectly honest that is happening now and I'm just living with how it works and to be frank, that is pretty good.
So easy to program and looks great I wish I would've gotten this sooner. So easy to program and looks great! My only hesitation was that I didn't have a "C" wire at first. I had to go into the attic and attach the "C" wire to the main board of my furnace. Luckily, the other end of the unused wire was available in the loom on my thermostat side. After wiring up the Nest, everything worked perfectly!The Nest is very easy to program and will learn your routines. I really like the FarSight feature of the 3rd gen. Since our Nest is mounted in the hallway, it's easy to see to the temps with FarSight enabled.
Four Stars easy installation
My old thermostat works fine, so I am returning the nest Difficult to install, not sure why they don't include older thermostat wiring instructions. Their answer is to spend $150 or more to hire a "pro." Just give us the instructions! How hard is that??? After an 90 minutes on the phone I was told they couldn't be sure if my thermostat was compatible. My old thermostat works fine, so I am returning the nest. Thanks for a wasted afternoon.
Five Stars Easy to install, love the fact that I can control it from mobile, anywhere!
It’s a thermostat but better Did exactly as stated
Failed after one month Received and installed the Nest. After one month, the A/C would not work. Had a technician come out, and the Nest was the culprit. He mentioned having a lot of issues with this thermostat.
Simple installation. Awesome product, very simple to install, only 3 wires to connect. Easy to setup, can't wait to see how much we save on our energy bills.
** 3 Month Update: 3 months later I removed it all together** Underwhelming. Base plate is NOT color matching. ***UPDATE** After using this for 3 months I ended up putting my old thermostat back on. Aside for my initial review below, this thing doesn't work half the time. I lived in this same house for over 5 years and the last 3 month have been terrible. Just trying to get this thing to kick on was terrible. I sweat more than ever and now that the Texas heat is kicking in I had to get rid of this piece of crap. Never had this issue with my stock unit. My place would consistently stay around 80 degrees and whenever I tried to get this thing to turn on the air it would just say it will be at my set temperature in 2 hours! I turned off all the 'features' trying to just get it to blow the AC and it would not work right. After looking around the net there seems to be an issue with this thing working because it share power and recharges from the standard wiring.I replaced this with my standard unit 3 days ago and everything has been great sense. DO NOT BUY THIS THING! Its way over priced, doesn't work properly and there are other options if you want a high-tech unit.END UPDATE***A bit underwhelming for the price. I was pretty disappointed from opening the box when the first thing I seen was the base plate did not match the dial. I ordered the bronze one so it would look good on my wall but now it has this huge white plate under it and looks like crap.Installation was pretty easy. I didn't shut off the power as it recommends (it doesn't damage the unit) but if you are not experienced with wiring make sure you do so you don't see sparks!Once plugged in the setup was quick. I connected it to my WiFi and it updated right away. All was looking good then I got to the features. I don't know, maybe it's just me but spending several hundred for a unit that connects to WiFi and has an app the options are not much better than your standard plastic square unit. The indicator faces you see photos of on this page are pretty much all you get. Pretty generic and no customization.The only cool thing about this is that it will sense when you walk by and you can have it display the Temp, Time (Digital or Analog but boring uncustomizable fonts) or the weather if you are connected to WiFi. You can't have it display multiple ones either. So if you want to have it show the time and temp when you walk by you're out of luck.So overall, I wouldn't recommend spending so much money because you certainly are not getting that much out of it. The app is pretty much the same. It's only real purpose is if you want to change the temp from your couch. So I won't be using that at all.
WOW Let me say WOW........ No really this thing is WOW. All I can say is I love high tech and this is high tech at it working best.OMG it is great. Program your home temperature for a continent away, just mind bending.
Five Stars Love it. Useful to check current outdoor temp.
Worth the money I replaced the thermostats in my home with Nest and it reduced my electric bill by $50 the first month in use. It was an easy install and enjoy being able to control the thermostats on each level of the home using my phone.
For a home with out much tech upgrades this is a great start. Very happy with this Nest Thermostat. At first I thought it wasn't going to work because I had a Carrier thermostat and everything I read made it sound like Carrier wasn't compatible with Nest. Nice news for me is the Carrier I had was only the thermostat not the heater. In any case I learned I can just disconnect all the Carrier from the heater and use the same wires for the nest to go directly to the heater. What a relief. As for the thermostat itself I love it because I can set the temp up from the phone just before I leave work and have the house warm by the time I get home. Another plus I didn't read prior is how nice the usage is recorded on the app. It will tell you the daily usage. Love it. Love it. Love it.
Great Thermostat Works great but fits a little loose on the wall mount, we had the previous model at our last house and it had a more solid fit.
Five Stars Its great to be able to control the heat from ones phone
A must have for energy efficiency. Have 2 of these in different houses. AWESOME! Love being able to check temp and settings from anywhere in the world. Very friendly use. And very easy to install for anyone with a screwdriver, a camera, and a little wiring experience. Watch the on line video first. Takes all the mystery out of it.
Only reason I’m giving this 3 stars is because it’s ... Only reason I’m giving this 3 stars is because it’s been offline for months and I can’t get it connected. It works if you do it manually, but part of the appeal was being able to control it thru the app. I’ve tried everything in the troubleshooting tips, and I just changed my internet provider to the fastest available in my area, but still not connecting. If connected I’d say 5 stars because it has actually saved on my Electric bill.
This is impossible to install - I've tried 2 of ... This is impossible to install - I've tried 2 of them. Stay away. It actually stops working in the middle of the night and you wake up to a freezing cold home.
GREAT PRODUCT Easy to set up and use
Thanks and love the Nest Thermostat Had a mishap and took longer than expected. The communication was key to giving this a 5 star review. Thanks and love the Nest Thermostat.
Two Stars Neat concept but our WiFi went out one day and we came home to a 45 degree house!
Died right out of the box with a brand new furnace Install at the same time as I got a brand new furnace installed. Unfortunately it Died right out of the box. Very disappointed.
As great as it seems! After years of wanting to invest in this product, I’m glad I did. I love it so muc. Aesthetically pleasing, simple to use, and SO COMFY WHEN YOU DONT WANT TO GET OUT OF BED TO LOWER THE THERMOSTAT! Just tap on the app and boom! Love it!
Love this stat Love this stat. It's saving me lots of money with the max savings setting. We have a heat pump and it was constantly using aux heat and jacking up our electric bill. Easy to install and setup would buy again.
Love it! Was easy to install and works like ... Love it! Was easy to install and works like a dream. I wish there were more options to customize the info screens that show when you walk near it.
The Nest needs to be compatible with furnace. It was not compatible to our furnace Had many calls for our furnace. They advised us to put the one that was installed when our house was built back on so it will be compatible with our furnace. Need to return this item for a refund. Have not located a return label for the Nest. Need to look further for return instructions. Sorry it did not work for us.
Great product Best thing I bought in a long time. Keeps the cost down and I don't have to think about it.
Garabage thermostat Got 18 months use out of a $250 thermostat. The battery died and there is no way realistic simple to replace it. Tried to take it apart to get to the battery and it completely came apart where it would not go back together. Apparently you need to have an engineering degree. Ended up in the garbage. Piece of sh!t.Just order a real $20 thermostat for its replacement. Thankfully this did not happen in bitter freezing weather.
Nice design, but I hate it I hate this thing. I've been on support 3 or more times now to get the home/away assist to work. That's all i really care about. I want it to turn on when I am home and turn off when i leave. Support keeps having me do different thing and nothing works. The home/away assist is supposed to detect when my cell phone is at home. It doesn't and now my activity history does not work. You can find less expensive hemostats that work better than this.I'm sitting at home working in my office wondering why it's so hot. It's because it thinks I'm away and sets the thing to eco mode.
awesome, learns when you are there and when your ... awesome, learns when you are there and when your not and controls the temperature when you want it. It speaks to Alexa so you can raise or lower temperature with voice commands not to mention the awesome app that I can control the temperature in the house while away if necessary
I then hired a recommended person thru Amazon to do the Nest install and ... After multiple calls and emails to the Nest technical support team regarding the compatibility with my oil forced air furnace and my Rudd AC system, I was advised to get a professional installer. I called my regular electrician to do the work, but when he arrived he told me he had never done one and thought I should seek someone that had done Nest installs before. I then hired a recommended person thru Amazon to do the Nest install and when he arrived he told me I needed a C wire and that I should call the HVAC company that installed the heating and AC unit. I gave up and returned the unit!
Performs and remote management works great Visibility and control remotely is a huge plus. Be sure to modify the heat pump balance for Max savings so your aux heat isn't kicking on 80% of the time. Auto learn doesn't work well with multiple family members in the house making changes to the thermostat. Better to just program time for the week and let home away/assist do it's thing. Check out Teslaman on youtube for my full review
Four Stars Works just like it said and easy to install
Blemishes and imperfections The one I received has an ugly bump on the motion sensor part. I’ve never notice this ugly bump in any demo unit at Home Depot or in online reviews. Why does mine have an ugly bump? I’m returning it. $2 more now. Please make sure the next one doesn’t have an ugly bump. Are we receiving previously-returned merchandise by ordering online? Seems to be a trend these days. My Nest looked as if it was handled previously — slight marring on the back and the stainless steel was — blemished. It did not have that “wow” factor or the scent of fresh electronics. I’m disappointed. Hoping my next one doesn’t have any ugly bumps, marrs, scars ... most of all hope it works. For $219 (previously $217) it better damn well be perfect.Update: got a second one. Compared. Turns out the first one also had a slight gap on the right side. Second one had a slight marr on the steel wheel. Turns out the first one has a better shaped plastic area though! After installation though, that bump and everything disappears... I’m putting this one star from last.Had fun installing it too — of all wires to touch, R and C did!! But it was a lesson that needed to be learned — and thanks to this I now know the inside of my HVAC unit, and where to find the fuse. Thanks to YouTube. I almost called a Nest “Pro” but they were all closed. Saved another couple hundred bucks in labor!Will upgrade this to 5 stars if my correspondence with Nest customer support goes well. So far when asked the question — they don’t have a straight answer. Is it a design thing or a bad batch??
I like most the ease of the interface and being able ... I like most the ease of the interface and being able to control house temperature remotely. I like least that Nest learns one’s habits, so if one’s schedule changes- for instance, one goes out and turns heat down in the middle of the day on one occasion, heat may suddenly come on two hours later.
Installed two of these and they work great. It took me only an hour each that ... Installed two of these and they work great. It took me only an hour each that would have been less without interruptions. They were easy to install and program. As a mechanical contractor I have installed hundreds of thermostats, many programmable and they were a pain in the um. This would have been by choice for some commercial applications that needed remote monitoring. Years past we used expensive programmable controllers to control the heating/cooling in areas that needed remote monitoring. Wow how technology has simplified control of hvac.
Five Stars so happy i bought this
Clever little gadget After a few weeks, I'm realizing just how clever this little gadget is. I had it installed (very good job, see my review of the installer) I can run it from Alexa, as well as from the Nest app. (Alexa is making quite a good hub.) A few tricks: I have a couple of Nest smoke detectors, and between their motion sensors and my Nest app, it seems to be figuring out when the house is empty. It also seems to be doing a better job regulating temperature (don't ask me why, it's the same blowers and ducts as before, so I'm assuming it's just more alert to temperature changes). It monitors indoor humidity -- I haven't set that to control A/C yet, but it might be useful in the summer on really humid days.
Very useful Does what it says it does, easy to install in 10-15 minutes. Excited to see how much energy it will save. Access via phone is great.
DOES NOT WORK....SAVE YOUR MONEY....GET ANOTHER BRAND....OURS WAS REPLACE W/REFURBISHED AND IT DOES NOT WORK EITHER This sould be a ZERO. We had this installed at a high price. NOTHING BUT TROUBLE. If you DO NOT like setting the temperature in your home, guess it may work for you. We wanted it as we travel and don't like leaving the house too hot or cold, you could save money if your thermostat worked. This one does not. If I am too hot or too cold I have get up and change it. Then the temp changes on its own while i"m trying to get my home liveable. Their customer service is HORRID. At the price they charge on these I would think it could at least do the basic. That is keeping home at a steady temperature. Customer Service at first sent us a refurbished one. Just as bad if not worse. I had a house full who were so interested in buying this until they were told what they are really like. Would be nice to set your home to be cooler or hotter on the day your coming home from trip etc It works 1/2 the time STAY AWAY. We give up and are actively seraching for a new thermostat. Has anyone had good luck with a different band? Customer support must be decent.
does not integrate with Samsung smart things however (which is what I have setup) without ... Very slick thermostat, does not integrate with Samsung smart things however (which is what I have setup) without a community custom developed app.
One Star Did not work, even though the compatibility survey said it would.
Sleeker and easier than I anticipated I really like this thermostat and can’t help but show it off to friends that stop by to visit. Everyone wants to know if Nest is as cool as it looks (it’s probably even better than you expect). The super sleek design looks great on the wall without drawing needless attention to itself.Nest’s LED display conveniently lights up the dark hallway it sits in when you walk by at night. However, it’s not so bright that I would hesitate to install it in a bedroom (it wouldn’t wake you up). Having the ability to adjust the settings via the phone app or via a web portal is super slick. The fact that it has the ability to automatically switch between heat/cool modes is also very useful in spring/fall, when the weather requires heat in the mornings and AC by afternoon. It also tells you the inside humidity %, which is pretty awesome. Plus, it knows the local weather so it’s always thinking. There are a number of energy saving features and reports you can utilize as well. One of my favorite features is the ability to synchronize it to your mobile phones. If you choose to set it up, it will adjust the HVAC setting depending if you’re home or not. Yes, if you give it permission, it can detect if your families’ mobile phones are present and adjust the air so you aren’t wasting $. Seriously, how cool is that???My big question was if the Nest would accept timer settings - or if you were forced to have it “learn” your preferences over time. My wife wasn’t going to indulge my interest in having a smart thermostat if she was going to have to adjust the thermostat for the first few weeks. Fortunately, I was able to set up a schedule during the week and chose to let it “learn” our weekend routine (since I would be home to teach it on weekends). Truthfully, I haven’t really messed with it more than a few times. My wife has little patience for technology when a less complicated/technological solution can perform the same task. Another nice feature I didn’t know I cared about: Nest quickly “learns” your home and will tell you how long till your selected temperature is achieved.I do worry about what happens in 10 years if they decide they are no longer supporting this “older” technology via new phone/app updates, but I guess I’ll worry about that 10 years from now (it will tell me if I am buying another Nest product when it’s time to replace this one). The thermostat unit the Nest replaced was just a builder grade 6-day timer thermostat that fulfilled its purpose. No frills, but it worked pretty good.The Nest tech is flawless and the online-installation tutorial is pretty much idiot proof. If you register it before you install it, it tells you where to connect the exact wires your wall has sticking out of it. It really couldn’t have been easier. I get a bit nervous when I get into these kinds of home repairs, but it is something a novice can do (if you can change a wall switch/plug, this will be no problem). Highly recommend. If you are on the fence about whether to purchase a Nest, I hope my review was able to address some of your concerns.
Great thermostat. I'm not sure if there is much of a benefit over the Nest e, but this one definitely look nice. It seems to be doing a better job than my old thermostat of keeping a steady temperature with my radiant heat. We'll see if it saves money when the a/c kicks in for the summer. I do love using my phone and Alexa to check the temperature.
Five Stars Extremely easy set up. I now have two in my house and would recommend them to anyone.
These are amazing!! These are amazing!!!! I actually had mine installed by a professional so I can’t give feedback on the installation process. But so far the utilization of them has been great!!!
Accurate and attractive and great functionality. Bought this thermostat to partner with my nest protect smoke/CO detector on recommendation of fire safety expert. Replaced a non-programmable thermostat. Excellent installation instructions comple with job specific wiring diagram. Took me about 15 minutes to replace old thermostat and a about 15 mins to setup and connect with free Nest app. Have been using for 3 days and so far it appears more accurate than previous thermostat. Easy to use directly and remotely within app. Also works with my Echo. So far, I strongly recommend it. In addition to the functionality, it is very attractive hanging on my living room wall
b'they try to help but not good enough, thinking about to return On the beginning I had a very hard time to make work, I did call the tech support, they try to help but not good enough, thinking about to return. Before return I did try the help from YouTube, and figure the problem come not from the thermostat, but from the dirty sensor. The thermostat works like champion after cleaning the sensor. ????'
Five Stars awesom e
It does it all... Whoa...this is even better than I expected. Love being able to automatically control heat and A/C without manually switching between the two. Many, many feature including smart technology to save money when using HVAC . Set and forget. Straight forward install and controllable from my smartphone as well as at the thermostat. Many different back plates to cover holes from earlier thermostats. If this thermostat could cook I would marry it.
Five Stars Easy to use. Saved us a ton.
Five Stars Easy to install and doesn't require programming. My house is always the perfect temperature now!
Worst Piece of junk Wasted My Money Worst Piece of technology I've Ever Wasted My Money Onthis Nest product was dealer installed after replacing a new Trane 5-ton HVAC unit along with a Trane thermostat that ran so hot that the heating and cooling room temperatures were off by 3-degrees. I had the Trane thermo removed and a Nest installed, the installation of the Nest took hours, the setup took hours too and it was done by a professional. After two weeks it had not learned any schedule but worked okay on the default 65 for heating and 77 for cooling. I programed in a schedule on the thermostat, which was painful, the Android app was better, but you had to start from scratch to make it easier. Well, it work fine for a few months but stopped using the two stage cooling capability I had, then I tried the combined heating and cooling mode but the two temperatures need to be more than 3 degrees F apart.with less than six months usage of the Nest the thermostat went crazy, tried to cool the house to 68 when it was 90 outside and it was set to 77. then it started flashing no network connection. I could not change the temperature settings or mode at the thermostat or on the Android app or on the Microsoft Win-10 app, even when it was connected to my network.I call Nest tech support and got a woman who knew nothing, she knew less than nothing. she kept repeating instructions like; is it plugged in, what does the screen say, go to the app and tell me what mode it’s in. I asked for someone that knew something, and she put me on hold and after 30 minutes I hung up but got an email from Nest tech person who said he tried to call but the line was busy, obviously a genius just out of kindergarten. I called back after removing the thermostat from the wall, the house was now close to 65, when I asked for a competent tech support person another Nest support person got on the phone, together we did some troubleshooting. we found that network ping time was 20,000 mS and kept disconnecting from my 5Gig wifi (which was working since I was watching a Yankee baseball game on my Roku), I tried connecting to the 2.4Gig and it would not link-up and the thermostat was still in locked in the cooling mode, but we did find the manual setting was working again and the separate cooling and heating modes did work again. in my poking around I found that the software had been updated the same day as when the thermostat went crazy.I have ordered another brand thermostat from Amazon to replace this Nest and I warn potential Nest buyers not to buy any Nest products, if they expect it work for more than 6-months.
Great product and fast shipping Bought it from Sellerfromusa. Great product and fast shipping. Best price as well. Recommend the seller
The thermostat is great, the app is 'meh'. I had my reservations (and bought the warranty as a result), but this thermostat has performed better than I expected. Installatio was easy, instructions were pretty well written, and the results have been noticable over 2 months.If the Nest PHONE APP performed half as well as the thermostat, this would be a 5 star review, but I am greeted with connectivity issues or other errors more times than not.
Works well with Alexa Works well with Alexa, I love being able to change the temperature when lying in bed.
Blatant false advertising I was really excited about the advertised feature of the nest thermostat. Such as its detection of whether someone is home or not. Unfortunately as reported on many websites including the Nest community website this home/away feature simply doesn’t seem to work or at least it can’t work when you have a schedule. For example if you want to set a schedule where the heater comes on automatically at 6 in the morning during the week and then shut off at 7:30 you can then no longer used to home away feature apparently. So if you decide to work from home that day even though the nest detects that I am home through the phone location, the heater will not go on. It has to be set manually. The auto learning feature did not learn anything either . The only thing that works is the set schedule that I entered. But if that is all this thing can do there are plenty of $50 thermostats which can do just as good a job.Apparently there is a lot of frustration in the nest community about these issues but they are completely unable to address their software problems. Until those are fixed I would definitely recommend staying away from this thermostat.
We love to save money on our energy bills We love to save money on our energy bills... this device shows you how much you are saving and helps schedule on times and off times. It is easy to use and works with my wife's tablet or my Apple iPhone 6s+ to change the temperature, turn the fan off/on, and other functions here.
Only problem is that I walked into Costco and saw them on instant rebate for like $180. Never fails Everything as it said. Only problem is that I walked into Costco and saw them on instant rebate for like $180. Never fails.
Three Stars Won’t work on generator power unless both the AC and Heating System are powered.
Love the Nest Love the Nest! Use the app all the time when I’m too lazy to get up and change the temperature by hand.
Great product; horrendous everything else Wonderful product when it works. Horrendous customer service at every level. Their technical support is infuriating, time-consuming, and refuse to do anything but follow a restrictive script. They refused to address the particular problem I was having, and I ended up having to call out an electrian. The Nest thermostat actually had blown a fuse on my air handler. To process returns, it's a nightmare. Nest is the worst. They have a great product, but they can't support it at all. Go elsewhere.
Garbage Constant problems. Disconnects from wifi for no reason then is impossible to get connected again. Doesn't turn on the air when it's scheduled to. I've confirmed all the settings are right, it just doesn't work properly. What a piece of junk.
Finally! Comfort and saving money! The Nest has reduced or energy use. We bought one for both stories of our house. I love that I can adjust the thermostat from wherever i am. I always come home to comfortable temperatures, save money while I'm away
Best Product. 24/7 Support I would recommend this Nest Thermostat to all my friends and family. It works great. Nest also have 24/7 customer Support with 2 years warranty. No one can beat that. It is pretty cool that you can connect to your phone app, and it works great. While I am away, Heat thermostat will lower heat to 50F which could you both heat usage and plumbing issue. If you turn off heat completely during cold weather, the plumbing could possibly have some issue. Imagine put hot water on the icy glass, it would break easily.......
Easy discovery. So many options to chose from Alexa, set the temperature to 72 degrees.No external modem.No confusing wiring.Easy discovery.So many options to chose from...Alexa's built-in schedule is easy to adjust.
Five Stars Excellent!!
Five Stars Nest Thermostats are worth every single penny.
Five Stars The learning feature is great!
Would NEVER buy this product again - failed totally - 5-hour wait for phone support The Nest 3 thermostat worked fine for two years. But in the middle of the night, set to air conditioning mode, it failed and displayed error code E108. I spent some time at Nest's website trying to solve the problem, but no luck. I waited ONE HOUR on the phone to reach tech support. The very nice technician walked me through a fix--removing one wire and replacing it. (The Nest support website did not spell out this solution, which it should have.) Then the Nest worked, but only for two hours. Now the same error message again.I called back, and was put on hold for 2 1/2 hours! To add insult to injury, the "on-hold" music must rank among the worst, most annoying, repetitive 20 seconds of audio. It would serve the Nest executive who chose this music right if he/she were tied down and forced to listen to this rot for 48 consecutive hours!When I finally reached a tech, he told me to remove the blue wire and not put it back. Finally, this fixed the problem. But why this could not have been spelled out on Nest's support website is beyond me. Turns out that earlier that day, Nest updated its software, and THAT is, I believe, what caused all these problems. An incompetent software update. And it was a failure on the part of Nest to not inform its tech support people that there had just been a software update that was causing problems.The Nest thermostat is a very expensive product and after spending all that money, I expected it to work and work and work, just like my 7-year MacBook Pro computer does. My prior thermostat--a Honeywell--was still going strong after 20+ years, till I replaced it with a Nest. I am very disappointed that it failed.I am again on the phone, on a lengthy hold. What a terrible waste of time. I wish I could bill Nest for all the time--5 hours!--that their failed product is causing me to expand today. A big boo and thumbs down to Nest!
Four Stars Love it! Can manage the home temperatures anywhere and anytime.
Best Product to date for 2018 We have a multi an AMAZING Device!! This is so wonderful to have to program when the system to kick on and begin to either heat or cool your room. We have a multi-level home so, we use the economy function to not have the heat to warm that level until it drops past 60 degrees. It is programmed to begin heating the lower level at 6:00 a.m. so it is nice and cozy to begin making breakfast. In the upper level, another Nest is in the master bedroom where it is always 65-67 degrees in air conditioning. The only thing about this that is infuriating is when people play with the Nest and change the temperature. I am an air conditioning person who loves the rooms cold, in the sixties, because I can't breath when it is hot. Everyone else likes it warm and toasty. My son loves this technological piece of smart home technology and, sometimes he would play with the temperature while he was at work. Quite the prankster he is when new technology comes out, he will adjust the temperatures in the master bedroom to completely off when I am sleeping so, it is like 45 degrees (in the winter). We love it and feel it is the best product we purchased in 2018.
It was easy to install and works very well I have to say I am impressed with the Nest. It was easy to install and works very well. Although our bills are lower right now the real test will be during the summer. I have high hopes for our new nest.
Five Stars This turned out better then I thought it would.
Nest Thermostats are cool, look nice It's a Nest, what more can I say.Nest Thermostats are cool, look nice, and make controlling your home/office temps very convenient. I would recommend this product (and have to many people) without hesitation.
perfect replacement for old units very awesome, but the wifi connecting won't see hidden ID's, and you can't enter it without issues. But everything else is great
Smart thermostat Nest does a great job at regulating temperatures in my house. I like being able to adjust the temperature when we are away or returning.
Awesome product. Works way better than what I thought I'm in love with this thing. Not only it took me less than 15 minutes to put together and change my old thermostat but it was really great during set up and testing. Since this was my first installation I was nervous and i may have checked the cables and pictures I took a few times. But the instructions were really easy to follow and the quality is amazing. It was a great buy and for sure will do it again. Usually I change it at the same time and now it has learned my times so I don't have to worry about it. I can feel the same temperature during the day without doing anything about it. I will recommend this product to anyone. This is it.
Nice unit, but Heat Pump installation isn't as simple as you're led to believe. So far, so good. The videos offered on the Nest website made installation seem pretty easy, but mine wouldn't work right - no cold air from the AC. I went back through the instructions a number of times, looked online at user install videos - couldn't find anything that was helpful. Finally called Nest support. They answered straight away, and asked me a few questions, then asked me to upload the photo I'd taken of my wiring with the previous thermostat. I tried, but couldn't seem to get the image uploaded. While we were struggling with that, the technician asked me 'is your unit a heat pump?' When I replied 'yes', he said he thought he knew what the issue was. He had me attach a wire that wasn't covered in the install manuals, and it worked. I looked back through the instructions, and didn't find any documentation on how to connect the wires if you've got a heat pump. I'm sure that there's a LOT of homes out there with this type of AC unit, so perhaps there could be some clear documentation for that type of install put out there where it's more easily accessible.For simple installations, the provided documentation is pretty easy, and you can install this unit yourself with a minimum of trouble. However, if you've a more complex setup - zoned ACs, for example, or a heat pump, it's a bit more complicated. Even with a simple install, there's a LOT of advanced settings that aren't clearly explained. Like primary and secondary heat settings. Heat pumps have both, but I couldn't tell you which is which, or if my Nest is wired to properly take advantage of that feature. Or a setting that asks me how long I want to 'preheat', with the default set to 5 hours. I've got no idea what that means, and haven't been able to find any Nest documentation that talks about that setting. I've a lot of questions to figure out if I'm using the best settings for a heat pump in North Florida, and so far not finding any helpful documentation.That being said - it's working fine, and is saving me energy. By installing the app and tying it to my phone, the thing knows when I'm home and away, and goes into Eco mode when I'm away, which pretty much keeps it from running. Now that a few weeks have gone by, it has figured out my schedule, and starts to cool the house minutes before I get home. I looked at the schedule it created from my comings and goings, and I can see that it knows when I'm home, when I'm away, and knows when it's the weekend and that I'm home - the schedule it created on its own is a pretty clear indication the Nest knows when I'm around and when I'm not. It connected quickly and smoothly to my amazon echo device, but haven't used that feature a lot yet.I feel like I've gotten my money's worth from this device, and feel confident that I'll find the answers to my questions about the heat pump setup. It may already be set up correctly, but I want to know that I'm getting peak performance out of my AC, and I can't be certain I am at this point. I'll update this comment once I find that information.
Product was great but was not new Product was great but was not new. Scratches around screw area, install screws and screwdriver missing. If you want a new nest, go to home depot, not Amazon.
I love this thing so easy to operate from phone and ... I love this thing so easy to operate from phone and very easy to install recommend it to anyone wanting to save energy.
Easy to use, easy to install So far we are loving our Nest. Easy to use and install, being able to adjust temps from anywhere is a real handy feature.
Overall happy with it I've had this unit for several years. Overall happy with it, but recently the WIFI stopped working. After some troubleshooting, I learned that the battery voltage is "too low".What the? If the thing is hard wired into the wall and receiving a constant 24 volt power source, why on earth would it start disabling functionality because of battery voltage?OK So I can just pop in a new battery right? Well yes and no. I have found shady suppliers that will sell a battery on Amazon or Ebay. It requires you to disassemble the unit, replace the battery, and then reassemble it. It may not be a simple process for some users and it definitely will void your warranty.Dead battery should not disable functionality. They should have used a standardized battery like triple AAA rechargable, and they should have put a simple door on the back to make it easy to replace the batteries.This will likely end up in some people throwing away their thermostats to the landfill and replacing them. I would have expected better from a company producing a "green" product designed to help the environment.
Great when it works! This is great WHEN IT WORKs. I paid someone to install, then a year later I paid an electrician to trouble shoot the wiring and now another year later it is giving the error message not enough battery to use wife. I will have spend 150 in repairs and 75 to install a 200 item......hmmmmm.
Better than expected Better than expected...we love this thermostat. The energy savings have been great and to be able to control from our phone and tablet is icing on the cake!!!
Love it! You already know what it does. I love it because I can control it with my Alexa or phone app. Easy to install too!
Great product. Works great. Easy to install. Had helped us to keep our house at affordable and yet comfortable temperatures. Bought a second on to install at my parents’ home and they similarly like it.
Get one of these, worth every penny. This thing is excellent. Took me about 7 minutes to install and an additional 3 to set up. The longest part of the install/setup was the self test. I thought that it was really cool that it wouldn't do a self test on the air conditioner because it was too cold outside and it didn't want to damage my compressor.
Looks good, works great, and easy to install Recently, I have been upgrading my house with a variety of gadgets. One of the last things I needed to add were intelligent thermostats. I did fair amount of comparison shopping and settled on the Nest. I’m always a little apprehensive about gadgets like this in terms of compatibility and difficulty of installation. I’m one of those people for whom something seems to wrong or something is incompatible during every installation. So I ordered my Nest thermostat, and like everything else, I left it laying around for a few days while I procrastinated about installing it for fear of a difficult process. When I finally got around to opening the box, reading the instructions and then installing it, it was a snap. The installation instructions were clearly written and illustrated. Within a matter of minutes I had the thermostat installed and configured and I was downloading the app. The app is a pleasure to use, and even supports portrait mode on my iPad, something I don’t take for ganged because a lot of the other home control apps don’t ( basically you’re using the iPhone version on the iPad with a lot of them). I’ve been running it for a couple weeks now and I’m very happy. I did need a slightly larger bezel, but Amazon came to the rescue, and it was easy to find one. It looks great on the wall and it works terrifically. Very happy with it and have no hesitation in recommending it.
I find out my furnace is fine, it's this POS that has stopped working Received it during warm weather and tested the fan, heater and ac functions. All worked. Cold front recently blew through and needed heater, it wouldn't turn on. After a pricey service call to an a/c heater repair shop. I find out my furnace is fine, it's this POS that has stopped working, 4 days after my return window has closed.
I love it so much I bought another one for the The Nest started my obsession with home automation. I love it so much I bought another one for the upstairs
Don’t buy it stick with the manufacturere standard thermostat and smile otherwise this gadget gives you headache Waste of money. One day it says no internet connections, next day the battery is low, other day both don’t work next day both work!!!what a piece of expensive garbage
Had the original and reinvested in a new one... We love our new Nest and now connected it to our Amazon Alexa Echo devices.
Looks fabulous! Pain to add the wifi password if ... Looks fabulous! Pain to add the wifi password if you are using 60+ character passphrases, should come with WPS functionality.
Disappointed with service We loved our nest at first. However, as soon as we needed to turn the heat on for the first time in winter, we found out that whatever was needed to switch over to heat had malfunctioned. We had a newborn at home and couldn’t turn our heat on in the middle of winter. On top of that, we were 2 weeks past our warranty, so customer service would not replace it. I was really disappointed with the product and the company’s customer service.
Five Stars Can't remember life without it
A wonderful product! Easy to install, and lovely to use This is an AWESOME product! It's super easy to install, and it's really amazing to be able to check and adjust the thermostat from anywhere with internet connectivity. Also, it's gorgeous -- the form factor is really, really lovely. I love it -- it's a truly great product!
One thing... if you bedroom is far ... One thing...if you bedroom is far away for you thermostat your self a favor, get one of this .....so your wife can control her temperature any time, and she doesn't ask to go, put up put down in the middle of the night ....and for me reduce the electric bill is priceless, paid $ 249.00 and save 700 a year, this is a real deal.
Five Stars Best thing ever!
It’s rhe best The greatest product. Easy to install. Accurate. Turn heat on from my bed. So cool !
but the good outweighed the Have to take away a star because it did give me a headache installing, and for the past week it displays that router is too far, even though i put an extender right below it. I would take more starts off because of that, but the good outweighed the bad
Five Stars We love this device.
Very impressive and encouraging results The install was easy and we saw our lowest electric bill in three years and a savings of 26% over the same month's electric usage the previous two years. A single month is not enough data to be 100% certain that the savings are a direct result of the Nests, but very impressive and encouraging
Makes it so easy to adjust the temp in the house Makes it so easy to adjust the temp in the house, especially since I tend to forget to change it before I leave. I get monthly emails that track my results, and though I haven't ever tracked my energy use in the past, my energy company does send me another quarterly report. I've had this for about 7 months now and see an overall decrease in my energy usage from last year's usage. Easy to set up and has a great interface.
Five Stars Totally satisfied
Such a great upgrade from our old thermostat Such a great upgrade from our old thermostat. So easy to use and has great features as well as looking really nice.
Five Stars It's great!
It only take 10-15 minutes to install I like the fact of being able to adjust the temperature by using my phone or just simple asking google to make the adjustments
Five Stars Very easy to install. Awesome instructions on webpage. Great app as well as linking up with an Echo.
a good tech nice device, helped me a lot to know who is using the AC.but couldn't tell me how much i'm saving until now
Five Stars Best thing ever invented and purchased for my life style.
- Very easy to install - Nest app works well - Very ... - Very easy to install- Nest app works well- Very stylish- Seems kind of expensive but if it works long term it will be worth it
The set up with Nest was very easy and I am not a tech savvy person The thermostat took about 15 min to install. The set up with Nest was very easy and I am not a tech savvy person. I was able to set up the app on 2 phones a computer and an iPad with no problems.
The thermostat that thinks it’s smarter than me We purchased and installed our Nest thermostat in November 2016, and it has been in operation since that time. Below are the pros and cons:Pros:- Simple installation. I’m fairly “handy” but it really is a piece of cake. However I could see where the installation of any thermostat could be confusing to someone not as hands-on. That said I’ve probably installed 5-8 thermostats over the years and this one was as easy as any.- Looks pretty. I had to use the included wall plate as our last one was rectangular shaped.- Fairly idiot-proof to control.- Easy to hook into your wi-fi. WiFi extremely convenient feature, especially since our thermostat is downstairs and bedrooms are up.Cons- On my old $50 Honeywell thermostat, when I set it to 72 degrees then that’s when the unit cut on or off. In other words, once it hit the desired temp, it cut off. The Nest does not. Literally nine times out of ten when I walk by the Nest, though I have it set to 72, the temperature will show as 73 and the Nest will still be blowing heat. It’s really quite baffling. It has done this since day one. I almost returned the unit solely because of this, and would have if I hadn’t gotten rid of the old one. I also said to myself, in those early stages, that there’s probably something that I don’t understand and it’s just doing it’s “learning” thing, or whatever. Nope, that’s just the way it works.- Ah yes, the Nest “learning”. The weather here in Houston is quite variable, especially during Fall through Spring. We can literally have 40-50 degree swings, back and forth, in the matter of a couple days. This completely befuddled the Nest unit. To the point where I just turned all the “learning” off because, well it wasn’t.- location-based learning. Can’t comment much on this one as I thought it was gimmicky, and I don’t need Nest to “learn” my location, and then do whatever it does with that personal data. But I do realize that I’m increasing in the minority of people who care about sharing such personal data with sources- will sometimes randomly drop WiFi. Tr first couple of times it did this I just assumed it was my WiFi, but since then I’ve checked other systems (iMac, phone, etc) and it was only the Nest that lost connection. Doesn’t happen a lot, but just a small quirk.In summary, I’m about to replace the thermostat of a second unit we have in the house, and I will NOT be purchasing another Nest. It’s not a “bad” device, but just extremely overrated for the price. If it was in the $100-150 range I’d probably just get another one, since I already have one, but after better research this time (as opposed to just listening to a couple of dear millennial friends rave about theirs over dinner) I’ve found a competing unit from Emerson for $130. I plan to buy two of these and get rid of the Nest. Look for it on EBay soon!Peace and blessings.
Great support and products Another big win for Nest products and their support. I had trouble with my wiring, so after a brief chat and sending my HVAC model numbers, they sent me an image of how mine should be wired.
Crazy easy to install and use! My husband had a lot of things on his list of things to get done, and installing the Nest was low on his list. Since I didn't want to wait, I decided to give it a try. I watched a video about installation then gave it a shot. It was super easy to install and I got it done in about 30 minutes! It looks so much better than the one we had before and was simple to set up once installed. I am a new enough user that I can't speak to the energy savings yet, but will update the review if necessary once I've had it a while.
Can't wait for the rebate offers from my utility companies. It found my home wifi network just fine. I had a question about using either of the R tabs but it seems to work perfectly. I have two of them now and they certainly work as advertised. My new security system has incorporated the Nest products with relative ease and Google Home recognizes them both. I would like an easy way to set the thermostats to "Away" mode instead of using the app on my iPhone/iPad.
it looks far better than the competition This thermostat is highly overrated. While, admittedly, it looks far better than the competition. However, that is it. I purchased it because of 1) it's "learning" capabilities and, primarily, 2) the Home/Away feature. This feature claims to use the account owner's and any associated household member's cell data, wifi connectons, and gps to determine when they are home and when the house is empty. There are also motion sensors for household members not on the account or who don't have a smartphone phone. In theory, the thermostat will automatically go into eco mode when no one is home and return to regular mode when a person returns. Resulting in energy savings.First impressions were fine; it learned what temp I wanted in a.m. and overnight. Great. Problem was, for instance, any temporary adjustments made during the day (e.g., little chilly today, let's turn up the heat) were soon done every day at that time. I found I had to go into the "learned" schedule and make the necessary changes. Which means, in effect, I was manually creating a schedule as you would with any programmable WiFi thermostat costing half the price.In addition, the Home/Away feature is bugging and only works sporadically at best. On most days it seems to pay no attention to the location of associated phones, and remains in home mode when no one is there, or, if by chance it properly goes into away mode,it will stay in that mode long after people return. Another great characteristic is that it will key on one phone as if it is the only phone that matters. This means cold house when people are home or heating an empty house. Of course you can manually set the mode to home or away, but, again, this defeats the purpose of buying this expensive devices versus a more affordable programmable unit.As usual, the company's support and forum pages just have scripted responses outlining how to troubleshoot this well documented issue. At the end of the day, you are better off saving $100 and getting a Honeywell programmable WiFi unit. At least until a 4th or 5th gen Nest fixes these issues.
This has already saved me about 25% on my electrical ... This has already saved me about 25% on my electrical bills by being able to turn it to eco mode when I am away, and adjust the thermostat from a distance. It can detect when I am home or away so I don't have to worry about forgetting to change it.
Difficult installation! Installation and set-up is difficult and time consuming. At least it is for a heat pump system with auxillary heat. Had to go on-line with Nest technical support for a custom wiring diagram which was nice, until it didn't work! Most people will want/need professional installation. Besides that, it introduces a whole new level of unnecessary complication in your life.. Was very happy to take it off and re-install my old thermostat. Thank you Amazon for your return policy.
It's nice when you are away from home It's nice when you are away from home, like when you are traveling, you can turn heater/AC on or off from airport. It would be nice if it adjusts to my preference more instantly.
Five Stars It is working fine, I will be able to control my thermostat from anywhere. Love it.
Five Stars I love it wake up every morning the houses already warmed up
Eco mode will not turn on automatically. Does not go to eco mode automatically as it should. If that worked I would have given it 5 star. Fix that issue and this product would be great.
Very easy to install Very easy to install. The directions were excellent. It took about two weeks for it learn our habits. I've seen savings in our monthly gas bills already. Echo compatibility is great. The monthly reports show that there are still opportunities for more savings and better efficiencies.
I absolutely love this thermostat I absolutely love this thermostat. I installed it in our very old home with gas fired boiler (no AC) and it was a breeze. The instructions are foolproof and I love how well it's adapted to our home and patterns so far. I'm much more impressed than I thought I'd be before purchasing.
Five Stars Fast shipping and quality products
One Star Would not connect properly to either ac unit.
The Company, NEST, will not support their product The Nest thermostat itself is great. It's the company that stinks. I had the product installed by one of Nest's authorized installers. He did not Complete the job properly, And left me hanging. When I approached Nest about my problem, They did nothing to resolve it. When I tried to speak to somebody at corporate, I was not allowed to do so. I could only complain To Lower management. They would not bring my issue to upper management to help me try and resolve it. So what word of caution to all buyers of Nest thermostats is Make sure That you have a good qualified installer, WITH REFERENCES!!!!
Five Stars Works great.
Four Stars Worth every penny.
Easy to install and user friendly Easy to install and user friendly. Very pleasant to look at when installed. No problems with it at all after over a year.
Seems to work great!! My husband can adjust the temp when ... Seems to work great!! My husband can adjust the temp when we aren’t home. He can also set it to change through out the day on its own. Very nice. We’ve had it for 4 months. No problems.
I own 3 of these 2 of them work great. I ha e had a time getting the ... I own 3 of these 2 of them work great. I ha e had a time getting the 3rd hooked up
Five Stars Great device
Five Stars So far so good. Everything works perfectly.
Brand-new and sealed. Was a little skeptical when it ... Brand-new and sealed. Was a little skeptical when it was over $45 off the regular price but it showed up in 3 days and works perfectly.
Turned power off to the house and the instructions and colored wires make this very easy t install actually and I do not like working ... Installed in 15 minutes with a friend. Turned power off to the house and the instructions and colored wires make this very easy t install actually and I do not like working with electrical things. Synced up with Amazon Alexa and now we are rocking!
Three Stars had to run a common wire.
Super Fast Shipping Exactly as Advertised. Super Fast Shipping. Very Happy A++
The entire process with Nest is the worst I've ever encountered The entire process with Nest is the worst I've ever encountered. This includes ordering, shipping, installation, and support. It's clear Google does not understand selling to consumers and has not invested properly. I've been technically selling enterprise database and related software for the past 25 years so have a bit of experience in these technologies. I provide this feedback on the Amazon site so others are aware. I frequently buy on Amazon and am a prime member. I wanted to buy the Nest Thermostat E. It's not available on Amazon so I tried to buy it on Nest's site. I created an account only to learn the Nest store account doesn't have a relationship to a "Nest Account" which apparently is for devices. At checkout the Nest store had no knowledge that was I logged in as a "Nest Account". Ironically I was logged in to the Chrome browser with my google credentials. Neither Nest or their store understood the Google login. I order the Nest Thermostat E and a remote sensor which apparently is available in late April 2018. I select 2 day shipping. I place the order and nothing happens; no web page change or email. I have no idea if the oder occurred. About 30 min later I get an email to my gmail account with the order # and everything will ship when the remote sensor is available (date not specified). The Nest Thermostat E is available now. I call Nest support many times (incredibly frustrating due to their complete inexperience) and basically learn that Nest ships only once per order and only ships when all order components are available. I explain this is the exact opposite of Amazon the industry standard. Amazon ships oder components as these are available. I cancel the order (have to call, can't do it from the web site) and buy the Thermostat E at Best Buy. I prep the walls (paint and fill holes) so it's a clean, minimal appearance. The Nest E wiring is simple as is the wall mounting. When I turn the HVAC power back on the AC begins running very cold. I follow the Nest installation instructions including scanning the device QR code with my iPhone X. I thus assume the nest app (logged in with my gmail) knows about this Nest thermostat. I then press the Nest dial to configure. The device indicates battery low, unable to proceed and is shutting down. The AC continues to run and the house is freezing. I try to configure the device from the iphone app. It knows nothing about the device even though I scanned the QR code. I call Nest support and they have no clue what to do. I keep reminding them the AC has been running nonstop with no way to shut it off short of turning off the circuit. They finally asked me to shut down the AC via the circuit breaker. I told them I'm returning the device to Best Buy. The worst part of all this is the appalling lack of Nest customer support skills. I've been supporting customers for my software products for 25 years. It's as if the Nest product support people are deliberately trying to violate every possible standard of proper customer interaction. Google's support on the Nest product is the worst. I'll never buy another Google consumer product.
Five Stars Much easier to control than a conventional system (from anywhere in the house).
Five Stars Works great. Make sure you mark the wires of the old thermostat before removing.
Package wasn't sealed. Read if coming from a Honeywell thermostat. I ordered the nest thermostat online after wanting to buy one for quite a while. Install couldn't have been easier. However, I did have a couple of issues. Firstly, upon opening the Amazon box, I noticed that the Nest packaging had no cellophane and the seal had actually been broken. When I opened the Nest box some of the included screws where in the wrong location. So I knew that, at the very least, the package had been opened before. Everything was there though and nothing looked damaged. Next was the install. I followed the instructions and got the thermostat installed on the wall and ran through the initial setup. Here is where I ran into issue 2. When I did the test for A/C my heater actually came on and when I tested my heater only the fan would come on. After doing some Google searching, I found out that the white wire that would normally go to the W1 terminal, actually goes to the OB terminal (this would normally be an orange wire) if coming from certain Honeywell thermostats (which I was). Once I moved the white wire from W1 to OB the system works exactly as intended. Took off one star for receipt of an unsealed unit. I will update my review if I have any other issues. So far so good though.
Five Stars What a great product and very easy to install, seller sent item quick and efficiently
This review is about color only I ordered the nest in the color "copper" which I thought would look nice with the warm tones in my house. Online it looks coppery brown. However the color looked extremely orange in my hallway. It could be in part to the lighting in my hall but ultimately it looked completely orange so I returned it for the black version. I also ordered a few wall plates that claimed they were "copper" and in the pictures look like they match the copper nest perfectly. However I can attest that none of the suggested matching copper wall plates were the same color as the copper nest. I cannot comment yet on the workings of my new nest but If your concerned about what color to buy, know that the copper color is indeed very orange in person.
Thinks it knows better If you enjoy having your house at 68 all the time this is the thermostat for you. If on the other hand you want a cooler house at night, stay away! I like 66 during the day and 62 at night but Nest disagrees. The other night I turned it down to 62 before going to bed then the heat kicked on five minutes later because Nest decided I really wanted it at 68. I’ve cleared the schedule several times and still it adds scheduling points. I dread to think how much power is wasted by this piece of junk randomly turning on my heat.
Five Stars Great product and very easy to install and setup.
Five Stars it works great with alexa
Four Stars little confusing to use
Great looking, now if only it heated the house! First let me say that this is a very cool looking thermostat. It lights up when you approach it and really impresses people. That said, I have battled with my Nest for over a year. It will work fine for weeks then decide for some reason to stop heating the house. And when it does stop, trying to get it back on the job has been a chore taking hours of resetting and rebooting the unit, and turning my furnace off and on countless times. Then, it will magically begin working again.I have called Nest only for them to tell me that my 1 year old, high-end furnace is the problem. I have updated the software just in case I was the victim of the glitch they had with the power on one of their releases. I never did have a problem with the battery going dead. It always indicated that the heat was on, only that it would be another 2 or more hours before it reached the temperature in my schedule. It would continue to say that all day if you didn't address it. Meanwhile the temperature in the house continued to drop.I finally gave up trying and bought a Honeywell WiFi thermostat. Guess what, my furnace is not the problem after all! The Honeywell is so much easier to set up and gives so much more information on the display. No more spinning the dial forever trying to enter a network password. The Honeywell actually has a keyboard that pops up when typing it! And, finally, my home temperature is actually what I set it to. Nice try Nest in attempting to save energy costs for me, but don't do it at the cost of family comfort.
Great product! Great product!
One Star Nest is horrible and unprogrammable., Completely unnecessary, and regular programmable thermostats are way superior and work better.
Buyer beware! VERY common issue with this thermostat. My Nest worked perfectly fine with my brand new HVAC system for about a month or so. It got an error one night saying it can't charge from the HVAC all of a sudden. A few days later it started working fine but now wont charge from the wiring harness that runs down from the HVAC panel to the thermostat, and yes, the common wire is installed. Instead I have to plug it into a wall outlet to charge it every other day or so. I called Nest one evening and went through it with them and no resolution. Now I've missed the return window and I'm stuck with an expensive thermostat that doesn't function properly. This seems to be a very common issue if you do an internet search so if you absolutely have to have one I'd purchase it from a seller that has a longer return window. Now I have to see if I can get Nest to replace it themselves. Buyer beware!
This is a bad company that does not stand behind their product This is a bad company that does not stand behind their product. We installed a nest in our vacation home in a cold weather climate. The readout on my phone told me that the thermostat was heating the house. We arrived last winter to find no heat and frozen pipes. During the night, the pipes thawed out. The resulting damage was over 12K. Had we not been there, our house would have been completely destroyed. This gadget failed, and they will not take responsibility. We have been in contact with them for over a year, after submitting all of our paperwork and the faulty product. They decided to take no action. Stay away from this product and this company!
Wiring Base Failed Causing A/C to Run in Freezing Temps I have a 2nd Generation connected to a gas furnace, central air and whole home humidifier. This setup has been working flawlessly for a few years now but the other day I came home to find a very cold home and that my outdoor A/C compressor was running non-stop. The Nest itself was reporting that the room was at least 10 degrees warmer than it really was, and overheating. After troubleshooting with Nest support we determined that my Y1 terminal was faulty and causing whatever connected to it to be constantly cycled. All that Nest support offered was a discount on buying a new model thermostat. My outdoor compressor likely ran for hours in below freezing temperatures. I'm hopeful the Nest didn't cause any major issues but it hasn't been warm enough for me to have it properly tested. I live in a multi-family building and I'm just grateful the Nest didn't cause a fire by overheating.When I bought the Nest I expected to get much more life out of it than I have and it seems ridiculous and very wasteful to have to buy a completely new thermostat for one faulty part.
Two Stars it was to difficult to install out US.
Great device! Bought it to help with energy savings ... Great device! Bought it to help with energy savings and to stop the children from cranking the heat up. Love the smart lock so that it can only be turn up so high. Installation was every simple. Works great with Alexa!
Great choice. Beautifully designed. Easy to install
It basically never works right, and it is not smart. It basically never works right, and it is not smart. The schedule mode doesn’t heat at scheduled times, and the smart mode hasn’t learned anything since I got it 5 months ago in November 2017.Every day that I get home, the house is cold, so I have to go stand in front of it so that it detects my presence and starts the furnace. However, I can be home and as long as I don’t stand in front of it, it won’t start the furnace. Sometimes, I have turn up the heat manually. Which defeats all purposes of buying this glorified thermostat.It works in the morning but it takes about 2-3hrs to heat up the house. And, NO, it is not the furnace as everything is else is the same. I have only changed the thermostat. The furnace is new and works really well with the old digital Honeywell which kicks this Nest @$$ anyday.Back when I was using the Honeywell I never had to fight with the temperature setting at home. I almost never thought about my thermostat. I set the schedule twice a year for the different seasons and forget about it. I am thinking that I will remove it and put the Honeywell back.
Thinks it's smart - you pay for it. Bad customer support The device is behaving too smart. I have a very unstable schedule and if I forget to turn this thing off it either turns on an air conditioner or a heater. A big expense at the end. I disabled the auto learning - no result. Also the customer support is always busy for hours - no way to talk to a person. Don't buy it.
Best thermostat Great thermostat. Super easy installation and the app is great!
reliable which I can't trust it had troubles when we installed a boiler because the ac wouldn't work--called nest and they couldn't figure it out--- now we had new ac and it died-- so they put a honeywell thermostate and works fine
Installation was easy, it looks good and it increases energy efficiency ... Installation was easy, it looks good and it increases energy efficiency - what more could you want? Oh, and it comes with a super-handy dual-head screwdriver.
I Ordered two from "SellerFromUsa" and I love it, they shipped super quick and the price ... I Ordered two from "SellerFromUsa" and I love it, they shipped super quick and the price was great as well too.
A little more fun than a programmable thermostat It's definitely an upgrade from our Honeywell thermostat, which was not programmable. The thermostat itself works just fine, it's the app and several other associated "smart" features that are disappointing. The smartphone app is a terribly glitchy thing and crashes more than 50% of the time. Just using the app for several minutes every day severely depletes battery life of the phone. Also, it's disappointing that the energy usage history only goes back 2 weeks, and there is no way to view energy usage beyond that time frame. Nest will send a "monthly home report", but it doesn't show how much energy was used each day or the outside temps, etc. It would be super awesome if there was a way to access this information! Anyway, we have reduced our energy bills, which is nice, but we ended up programming our Nest to a regular schedule because for some reason it always wanted to go to 67 degrees (like that was the default temp or something). If you choose to "teach" it, it will probably take a lot of time.
Great and sleek Had this installed after getting our ac/heater installed. Love it. It has a schedule to program the heat/ac settings during the day/night. Love love love!
Love our Nests Love our Nests! We have oil and were spending too much money on refills. Nest helped us save money for sure. We got the refurbished product and it works great.
The one at the vacation home is “offline” despite the fact that the internet is working fine. Nest has no phone number I can find ... Bought 2. One for Home one for vacation home The one at Home malfunctions but at least I can see it and make adjustments. The one at the vacation home is “offline” despite the fact that the internet is working fine. Nest has no phone number I can find and they do not respond to customer Sevice requests. I hate this product. Avoid at all cost
Five Stars i love it
Not a happy Nest customer. I wish I would have googled "problems with Nest Thermostat" before I installed this device. It worked for a few days, then it wouldn't turn my heating system on. After a lot of fiddling around and troubleshooting, I was convinced my 23 year old HVAC system was shot, so I had a new one installed, $15,000. New system installed on Friday.....Saturday everything looks good......today, Sunday, NO HEAT. So, Monday I'll be all done with the Nest. I'll go with another "smart thermostat" because I like the concept, not sure which one, my HVAC people say they install one they've had good luck with, I'll probably go with that one.
Heating bills have gone up. Useless for inconsistent schedule I could not be more disappointed in the Nest. For those with not a consistent 9-5 schedule it appears useless. It lacks the basic ability to set leaving and return times, forcing you to set a reminder on your phone to turn up the heat every day hours before returning home. It is supposed to sense your phone's location but turns the heat down while home. My heating bills since installation in December 2017 have gone up, so much so that I received a noticed from the gas company. It seems to constantly run the furnace. It replaced a 15 year old programmable thermostat, which I will be reinstalling. If I can't give it away I'll throw it away.
Worth the cost Has been a very easy to set up thermostat. I appreciate the intuitive learning feature for turning down temperature when we are out of the house and asleep. Looking forward to using during cooling season. It is very easy to use and customer service was efficient in helping me correct a wiring issue.
High quality thermostat Works great and we love the remote operation. This could not have been easier to install since it has the tools you need included and really well written instructions.
Pricey but an easy and effective cost saving tool This thing is great. A bit pricey, but great.I noticed when I moved into my new house that the old thermostat had a mind of it's own. I would turn the heat down before bed only to be woken up in a night sweat at 3AM. Turns out my old thermostat loved to randomly increase my temp to 76! Searching the model of my old thermostat I couldn't find any explanation as to why this was happening. I assume it was just old age. So I decided to give my thermostat an upgrade.Searching around I kept coming across a nest thermostat. I was skeptical at first because of the ridiculous price but I couldn't find any competing device that offered everything this did. So I broke down and bought one.Boy am I glad I did. This thing is so handy.Between the ability to set a temp schedule, the home away assist and the ability to manually set temp from your phone I have reduced my bill by 40%. And the first month I installed it and saw the 40% reduction, it was on the coldest month of the year (Feb). That is nuts! By my calculations this thing will pay for it self by end of spring.However I still think this device is way over priced. Let's be real here, it's a thermostat with a few bells and whistles. It's not a smart phone or a rumba. If I could do it over I think I would try to get a used one instead.As far as installation goes, it's pretty simple. Just follow the instructions.First shut down power, then pull the current thermostat out (with wires attached), label the wires with what ports they connect to, take out the current thermostat, add nest mount, wire in nest using the labels as a guide, turn power back on. EZ
Smart Home Device Works well and I easy to set temperatures from phone when not home. I purchased the white one for upstairs and this newer model for the living room area. My bill seems about the same, but according to the application it says usage is down. I should be able to tell more as we have it longer because it learns the habits. I like how when you walk past it shows the outside temperature.
Two Stars Already stopped working.
Very well made I bought four of them ,they work great.when I’m not home it lets me know all is well with my heat.lets me know temperature that is inside as well as outside. Next I will buy WiFi sockets and control the air conditioners this summer .
Not worth the "investment" It never worked like it was displayed on tv.I would reflect "1 hour until 75°" then hour later never getting to 75°It never learned patterns of usageIt never paired or made sense why it would work with our alexa or google homeThe nest profile did not provide any assistanceAnd today out of no where stopped workingIt was only two months since it was installed by an electricianIt is now a complete waste of money and my two young sons and i are left in a very frigid house...
Saves me $75 per month. I’m very happy with this product since it cut my both my monthly electric usage and bill in half. I was pleased when I saw my bill go from $150 to $75 per month. That made me smile.
Thermostat is EVIL! We didn't buy it through amazon, but ADT installed this for us. We have had nothing but problems. The support for nest is great, but the product itself sucks. It does work, but I swear the thing is evil.1. We had trouble with wifi. The app sucks and you can only install it to public wifi - which we wanted ours secured.2. It changes temperature. It's smart, but not so smart at the same time. It thinks we like it HOT. Like 76 degrees hot. I have the thing set to not get too hot, but it doesn't listen. Every morning we wake up in at least 73 degrees. I have to wake up in the middle of the night and change it.3. It learns schedules, but you can't set a programmable schedule - it will think to outsmart you. Even with your schedules, it will think that you want it a certain temperature, but I don't. I want it at one temperature, 71 degrees.The machine is just too smart that it's evil. I will say that they have been nothing but supportive through trying to fix our device, but this model sucks. I want to go back to the basic programmable thermostat instead of spending $250. It needs to be fixed before it's ready for prime time as there's too many issues.
Five Stars The best
Love it. Great deal. Got this on a flash for $160. It's a great smart thermostat. Integrated with our Alexa. App works perfectly. Finish is super solid and nice. Took 10 mins to uninstall old thermostat and hook this one up
The best The best smart thermostat around
I have been waiting more than 6 weeks for a ... I have been waiting more than 6 weeks for a refund check from Nest. I received authorization to return their thermostat after numerous tries to fix. The last straw was when we woke up to 50 degree temperatures in our home during sub zero temperatures. Their thermostat had shut down our furnace on numerous occasions during these sub zero temperatures. Contrary to what Nest advertises, their thermostat is unable to maintain power without a common wire. Now I am fighting with Nest for a refund.
Buyer Beware I have been waiting more than 6 weeks for a refund check from Nest. I received authorization to return their thermostat after numerous tries to fix. The last straw was when we woke up to 50 degree temperatures in our home during sub zero temperatures. Their thermostat had shut down our furnace on numerous occasions during these sub zero temperatures. Contrary to what Nest advertises, their thermostat is unable to maintain power without a common wire. Now I am fighting with Nest for a refund.
This is the best product. Would highly recommend This is the best product. Would highly recommend. We have tried others and returned them. Love how you can set this from anywhere.
Just looks really good (design and the display when it turns on as ... Gets compliments. Just looks really good (design and the display when it turns on as you pass it). Also very easy to set up and use. Nice to control with ap or Alexa
Really Like this thermostat...wish i had not waited so long to install one. I really like this Nest thermostat! Hoping to save some money this year with all of the extra features and helpful settings. I installed it in about 15-20 minutes and set it up quickly. It has an assistant that helps check that all the functions come on properly that was nice.
Four Stars gift
No more constant running I was very hesitant on buying this because of the cost. I read and reread the reviews here on Amazon and internet, a lot of the negative reviews are because this device had to learn the household and make sure you connect all cell phones/tablets it reads your movements in the house.I installed it the night I received, 15 minute install, very easy at that. It's been connected for just about the weeks and can see it learning everyday, my unit hardly turns on any more, house stays the temp it set at. I think in the last three weeks, I may have averaged 10 minutes a day running the heat. I will know more during the summer months in the desert
F'ing awesome First home I bought I wasn't even living there the first month, got 250$ gas bill. Installed this and it went down by 120$. No other changes were made and in fact took off wood paneling from an exterior wall and removed insulation so should have been colder.
Works great...when it works. Works great...when it works. was great for a little over a year. now im in line for a chat agent again. 55th in line. thing keeps freezing up on me, shows a temp of either 71 or 74 when it's cold as a woman's heart in here. it loses wifi, says battery is low (i've recharged via micro usb 3 days in a row) youtube said to hook up the blue wire, no luck there. meanwhile it's 6 degrees outside last night and im recharging the nest so i can turn it up to 80 and get the furnace to turn on. wife and 5 year old are real happy with that situation. wondering if i kept the old thermostat around somewhere or if i should just head to home depot
Doesn’t Work Properly Don’t recommend it. Have one and if the furnace calls for heat, the nest supplies it for 15 mins and shuts down. It then comes back on for another 15 mins and shuts down. This continues until your desired temp is achieved. The next thing it does is it won’t call for heat until it’s 2 degrees below it’s setting. (No, my air filter is not clogged. I change it monthly) So if you set the heat at 70 it won’t come back on until it’s 68. Very annoying.Nest should really admit that this thing only works correctly with a six wire connection.I put my old thermostat back in and I am completely happy.
glad I bought it works great. so far so good. hope it holds up.
Doesn't work with Master / Slave configuration! This allegedly "smart" thermostat won't work with a master/slave configuration. The cost to convert my system to run independently and have 2 thermostats installed is $600. Maybe I'll just cut my losses and use them as paperweights.
but when you figure it out its good, works remotely from iphone be aware that not all the cables are correctly shown. but when you figure it out its good, works remotely from iphone ipad
Five Stars Love it! Easy to install and the app on my phone works great!
Faulty Product I never write reviews, but I am so disappointed in Nest. After 3 months of owning this thermostat, our ac started blowing hot air. After doing and checking everything we could on our end we ended up calling an ac guy, within 10 minutes of being at our house he said there was nothing wrong with the ac and it was probably our nest thermostat, he said he sees this issue all the time. Sure enough, we switched back on the old one and the ac was running just fine. I've now been in contact with Nest customer support twice, after sending us a new dock and having the ac continue to blow hot air once installed, they are now refusing to help in anyway. Don't wasted $200 on a product that only lasts 3 months and a company that won't do anything to help.
Five Stars Works just fine!!
Five Stars Great product! Easy to us.
Excellent! My only beef with it is that it ... Excellent! My only beef with it is that it has my timezone wrong since I live in remote Alaska. It thinks I'm in Hawaii.
A whole new level of smart A great smart thermostat with some neat features and excellent build quality.Pros: This thermostat supports dual fuel system, can be set to automatically switch from heating to air conditioning as necessary, has a geofencing feature that can automatically switch to "eco" mode (adjusts to energy saving temperature that you preset for both heating and air conditioning) by using your smart phone's location service to determine when you're away, and it can be configured to sense more than one phone so, for example, it won't go into eco mode when you leave the house but your spouse/significant other is still in the house. The Nest has a learning mode where it monitors when and how you adjust the temperature to build a custom schedule. Alternatively, you can manually create your own schedule manually.Cons: The thermostat is very sensitive to protruding wires interfering with the operation of the push button function (pressing in on the thermostat). This is really not a big deal as it's easy to push the wires into the wall to avoid interference but there should have been a warning in the documentation. If there was, I missed it. The manual programming is a bit of a pain with a less than ideal method of creating entries one day and time period at a time. It would be so much more efficient if you could select multiple days simultaneously and/or drag an item to extend it to other days. The last item I'm disappointed with is the Nest has no capability to back up your settings. I spent a great deal of time creating the configuration, some with the help of Pro Support. If for whatever reason, the unit lost the settings, I would have to start over from scratch. I'm disappointed that the iPhone (and Android) app doesn't allow me to save the settings to a configuration file that I could use to restore settings if ever necessary.Nest customer support: Outstanding support, some of the best I've ever had with any company. I have a somewhat complicated system, a heat pump with auxiliary heat and a high efficiency gas furnace which I use as my primary heat source, with 8 wires going to the thermostat. They call this a dual fuel system. I visited Nest's website before my purchase to check compatibility. The compatibility guide recommended I call them to confirm compatibility (they recommend this for all dual fuel systems for good reason). The agent I spoke to was very friendly and knowledgeable, confirmed compatibility, and even emailed me a wiring guide for my specific system. After purchasing and receiving the thermostat, I called the "Pro" group (free of charge) with additional questions. They were experts, extremely knowledgeable, verified the wiring for my system and guided me through initial setup and configuration to use my gas furnace as primary heat source with the ability to quickly switch it to heat pump if I should ever desire. I was extremely impressed with my support experience.
Good in Short term Broke 6 months in.
Love A really well engineered piece of technology. Love it
It's like a mini AI world takeover I'll never order another Nest product after I spoke with a representative for 1/2 hour, HAD to take another line, heard him hang up on me, and never received a call back. When I called again, I received the "... Long hold time..." message.Technology and corresponding competitors is fleeting. Customer service is enduring. The features are frustrating anyways. It's like a mini AI world takeover. I can't even control my own household temperature. I've adjusted the ECO and AUTO settings and nothing changes the NEST domination if5 my temperature. The ridiculously bad customer service simply magnifies the weaknesses of the product.
so awesome. Love it So far, so awesome. Love it. Debated this or ecobee and end up only going this one as local utility company has energy credit program with NEST right now. I'm guessing they are fairly similar. I was leaning ecobee before the energy credit deal came along. But just having one in general and moving from old thermostat is awesome.
I liked the remote control feature the most I liked the remote control feature the most.The dial on the wall is hard to adjust and I usually have to give up and use the remote control.
Very Happy Got this as a gift for a friend with whom I'm staying. Was easy to set up & quickly learned the schedule, at least in the "heating" season.
Five Stars excellent
Awesome thermostat. I recommend having a c wire Awesome thermostat. I recommend having a c wire. Not having one gave me a bunch of problems with my furnace and the nest communication. Had one installed and works like a charm.
Four Stars Easy to install, easy to set up and works good.
Easy install, saved us money, and learns your routine. We love it. We have had this almost a year now and it has saved us money and coming home to a hot or cold house. Love that it learns your routine and will adjust over time. It was very easy to install and set up. I enjoy seeing my monthly nest report to see how I compare to other Nest users in the area on energy usage. All of use enjoy that we can change the temps from our phone and no longer have to go to the thermostat to adjust it.
Five Stars Great product Great price.
b"Works pretty good....so far.... Just got it hooked up today ..( my neighbor is a plant engineer, so I have the inside connection for HVAC ) Took a little bit of poking and prodding inside the furnace.( he had to add on '' a relay '' because of the humidifier and the nest themostat ) Handing him a beer works ... in exchange for parts and installation.. lolIt does not work with the Nest system unless you have a relay wired in, The relay will help the nest turn on the humidifier .everything's up and running now..,It took a little bit to get my wireless Router set up, so I could get the nest app to talk to my nest thermostat..Now everything is set up the app will control the nest and the humidifierIf you have a neighbor that is an HVAC guy... offer him a beer as he walks in the door, and then as he slows down... acts like hes losing energy .... hand him another beer.( it worked for me ??)"
Five Stars easy to program and works well with my WI-fi. connected with Alexa with no problems for voice commands.
Bought two: One worked but one didn’t when I switched to a/c. Said wiring was wrong One worked but the other stopped working when switching to A/C. However when installing I was notAllowed to test A/C because it was below freezing. Swapped out with the old one. If I canget a replacement I will change the one star rating.
Five Stars Best price ever! My power company offers upto a $100 rebate as well.
The heating work just fine but the cooling warms the house Matched my system but now that it has warmed uo the cooling does nothing. The heating work just fine but the cooling warms the house. Of course I'm out of my thirty day period so cannot return this garbage
Highly recommend Easy setup and easy to add to wi-fi. I was thinking that it was not worth the money but bought it anyway. I was wrong; it is worth every penny. I love how, when I set it up, it does a diagnostic to make sure you furnace/AC/blower work. Once it is hooked up to the internet via wi-fi, it does everything itself; updates, location, weather, etc! You have to do nothing but look cool and hi-tech! Very nice purchase that I highly recommend.
Love the look and finctionality Simple installation.. Love the look and finctionality!!
... had it for about a week and it's a great product. Installation was pretty simple as well I've had it for about a week and it's a great product. Installation was pretty simple as well.
customer service is the worst I’ve ever known with a 3 hour wait time ... Was told it would work with my wiring. Cooling yes heat no, customer service is the worst I’ve ever known with a 3 hour wait time and clueless staff. I was told to hire an electrician to locate the reason why my gen 3 nest could not see the Rh wire. I reinstalled my original thermostat and it worked immediately. Problems are in the product not the wiring.Over rated and not reliable.I’m sure it’s excellent if your wiring is set I perfectly for this devise but if not you’re flat out of luck.
... it for a few days and so far so good! Love the easy set up and the learning ... Had it for a few days and so far so good! Love the easy set up and the learning aspect.
Buyer beware.... Would rate zero for product and seller "Direct sales" as well. I received a defective unit and both manufacturer and seller are unwilling to help.
Making Our Home Smarter Easy to install and use. Little to no learning curve. Have not been able to get motion sensor to work.
Love the ease of installation and also the money it ... Love the ease of installation and also the money it has saved me. I bought it after the holidays and by the end of February it had already taken me for way above average electricity usage to below average while keeping the home comfortable.
I hate that I have to tell it a temperature range ... I give this 4 stars only because my husband loves it (and would give it 5 stars - I'd give it 3). It is really fancy, but TOO fancy for me. I hate that I have to tell it a temperature range all the time. I just want it to be the temp that I set it to and be done with that. And I hate the "intuitive" part that supposedly "learns" your pattern of temperature settings throughout the day. Overall, just way to many bells-and-whistles for a thermostat. There are really nice ones that are much simpler.
... took a little longer than expected but we really like being able to remotely control temperature Setup took a little longer than expected but we really like being able to remotely control temperature, the app is easy to use. It does stick off the wall a little more than the previous unit but the benefits are worth it.
The added abilities to track your energy usage over time is great for anyone who would like to save money on ... The installation process is straight forward and there are helpful videos that can be found online to walk you through each step of the way.The ability to control your home’s temperature from anywhere in the house and beyond is quite a luxury and it now comes at a reasonable cost. The added abilities to track your energy usage over time is great for anyone who would like to save money on their utility bills. The unit itself is also gorgeous and can fit into any home decor.
Five Stars Love my nest.
Over priced and will tear up you hvac unit Bought this thermostat ran fine for a few month then on a hot day it started blowing hot in cold mode 511.00 dollars later after having a local heating and air company to come out found out it was stealing power from a important system to run burning out a very expensive component on my air unit now I have a expensive paper wait save your money there are a lot better options out there and there much cheaper
Regional compatibility Excellent, super fast delivery but didn't show information about compatibility with other countries, such as mine.
The best! Easy to install--remote features and the best.
Can't say enough good things! LOVE IT! Read the whole post to see how you can get it for almost free like I did! I love having this! I never saw all the hype before, but with the black Friday sales, decided to just do it.I am so glad I did!I love that it knows when we are not home, and will adjust acordingly. I can even set up how I want it to react when I leave. How low is too low in the winter, and how hot is too hot in the summer. (we have a pet, so I like that I can let it get a little colder or warmer, but not so cold that our sweet kitten is uncomfortable)It syncs to your phone, so when your phone is more than a couple of miles away for more than an hour or so, it adjusts to the energy saving mode. As soon as your phone pops into that radius - it kicks on to get the house back to where you want it to be. It also has a motion sensor, so if my phone is gone, but the kids are home, it knows to not kick into energy saving mode.I love the fact I can control it from my phone period! One night we got stuck in a snow storm, and it was down in low energy mode. We had to stay the night elsewhere, so I bumped the heat up a notch or two for our kitten to stay warm. (she is spoiled I guess)It can read the weather forecast, so if its colder or warmer than usual, it can adjust accordingly. It gives me a monthly update too on how I did on energy, and how I compared to those around me.It gives us helpful hints on how to run the fan system - without actually running the AC or furnace. This rotates the already warm/cool air without using more energy from those. It can kick the fan on manually or I can set it up to do it automatically. Things I never thought of!I got it in the winter, so I have not had a lot of time to experience the summer months of AC, but I have noticed looking at the readings on my energy bills that the usage has gone down. It helps me be more mindful, and give me tips to save. Just the fact that it knows when we are gone and can turn down, is amazing. No one sets their furnace schedule when they are leaving for a few hours or a quick weekend get away - they leave it alone or turn it off which can cost more in the long run to warm a freezing house back up! This allows us to do that - with no fuss!If you are looking to get - check with your local power and gas company first for rebates. I did this, and got $100 from my power company and $50 from my gas company. I only paid $170 on black Friday - so this thing literally cost me $20. I have easily saved that much in my lowered usage bills.Install was a breeze. My husband had it done in about 10 minutes. He watched a youtube video on it for good measure, but I think he already knew just from the directions what to do. He even said "it cant be this easy - I must be missing something" so that's why he watched the video. And it was right, it was so easy! You match color wire to color slot. Done.
Simple setup + anywhere control + energy savings  After tons of research, I found that the Nest Learning Thermostat was by far the most popular choice as the best smart thermostat. The main reason I wanted a smart thermostat was to save money on my electric bill because not only is it auto-programmable but it’s controllable from anywhere using your smartphone.In the box there is the Nest learning thermostat itself, the installation and welcome guides, a Nest screwdriver with screws, and a trim kit.Even though this thermostat works with most 24V systems you should first visit the Nest compatibility checker to see if it’s compatible with your home before purchasing. The installation is actually pretty simple. Watch the video for a quick overview of how to install it.After setup is complete, you can press down on the display to bring up the menu. From here you can change the mode from heating to cooling, view how much energy you’ve used in the last ten days, view or change the schedule, set it to Away if you’re leaving the house and want to save energy, and adjust some basic settings.The Nest home screen turns blue when cooling and orange when heating. It not only shows you what temperature the thermostat is set to but it also shows you the current temperature inside and will give you an estimate of how long it will take for the current temperature to reach your set temperature. It also has a motion sensor built into it so when you walk by the thermostat it will light up so you can quickly see the thermostat temperature, and you can also choose to change the setting for it to show the weather or time.One of its most compelling features is the way it “learns” your heating/cooling habits. After a few days, it will set an automatic schedule based on how/when you adjust the temperature. This is useful if your weekly routine doesn’t change much because with the auto schedule you seemingly don’t need to adjust the thermostat each time you leave and come home. However, if your routine is very different week to week then the auto schedule won’t be as helpful. Luckily you can customize the schedule to however you want it or turn off the schedule completely.To take full advantage the features you’ll want to download the free Nest smartphone app. It does require an account but the account is completely free to set up.From the app you can manually change from Home to Away mode. However, the Nest Thermostat uses sensors, algorithms, and even your phones location if you choose to allow that, to automatically determine when you’re home and when you’re away to set the thermostat accordingly so you can save as much energy as possible which is nice. If you tap on the temperature in the app, you can quickly adjust the thermostat temperature and you also get access to the same settings that are accessible from the thermostat itself: Mode, Eco, Fan, Schedule, and History. There’s also a gear icon in the top right which gives you even more customization options for your thermostat.Eco temperatures are automatic temperatures that are set when your thermostat is in Away mode and it’s indicated by the green leaf. The default Eco temperatures are good for most people. However if you have a pet you may want to customize the Eco temperatures based on your pet’s needs. What’s neat about scheduling is you can turn on the Early-On feature which will start the heating or cooling early in order to reach the set temperature at the time specified in your schedule, instead of having it start the heating or cooling at that set time. You can also create a 4-digit PIN to lock your thermostat to avoid people changing it without the code which may be useful in certain situations.Overall I’m extremely happy with my Nest Learning Thermostat. It’s only been a few weeks but I’ve already seen the energy saving benefits from having a smart thermostat which was my main goal. I also love the ability to control the thermostat from anywhere with my smartphone.
Must have Easy installation. ...don't know how I ever lived without it.
Five Stars Excellent thermostat, this is my 2nd one.
An over-priced programmable thermostat with features that dont function as advertised. The Nest thermostat does not live up to its advertising. It is a programmable thermostat with loads of extra features that don't work. I ordered a White Nest thermostat and received a stainless steel Nest thermostat. Installation was extremely simple. I had it up and running in under 30 minutes from box to completely installed. Even setting it up and signing in to the internet was easy and explained well. The user interface is well done and easy to use, still, there are areas that don,t work... For instance, setting up the display to show you weather instead of the current room temperature will work for around 20-30 minutes and then reset to temperature again. There is no way to make this stay permanently set to weather. It will ALWAYS default back to current room temperature. Next, we started using the Nest's learning abilities so it would learn and automatically adjust the temperatures. This worked and it started automatically changing the temperature just like the much cheaper programmable thermostats do. However, there is only one setting. My cheaper programmable thermostat had three settings I could program into it and save. One for winter, one for summer, and one for vacations or anything else I wanted. This has one setting only. Due to our need to change the temperature temporarily on occasion we downloaded the Nest app and set it up to automatically track our family member locations so it could adjust the temperature automatically based upon our location. This feature only works for a few hours and then it adjusts back to the programmed, or learned, temperatures. You can reset and start over again but it always quits working. The same result when using the "Leaf" setting. It will automatically reset to normal and turn the energy saving mode off, always completely by itself.Then you receive the monthly statement in your email that explains your energy use and provides recommendations to save money. In the winter I keep my low temperature at 65 and high at 68. The recommendations from Nest are to drop my low temperature to 60. So, if you have ever analyzed your energy cost and use, as I have done, you would know that this is more costly. Raising the entire house from 60 to 68 costs me more electricity, and therefore more money, than simply maintaining my low temperature of 65. This lets conclude that the Nest recommendations are not specifically tailored to markets or prices. They are simply copy and paste recommendations from Nest.Save yourself the time, effort, and money with a programmable thermostat that does the same things for much less money. If they drop the price of the Nest thermostat to around $100 it would be worth it. Until then it is a waste of money. You can save money with many other programmable thermostats that more options and features than the Nest. I replaced my programmable thermostat with the Nest and my energy costs have gone up a very slight amount. Not enough to worry about, but it doesnt justify the cost of the Nest. I wasted my money.
FANTASTIC Installed super easy not a single hitch and with the matching copper colored backplate our new Nest Thermostat looks A W S O M E !
100% worth the cost! The best. So worth the cost.I upgraded from Honeywell Lyric "smart" thermostats, which were the MOST user unfriendly hardware and software I've ever used.The experience with the Nest units was night and day - SO much better. Installation was quick and easy, software interface and setup was clear and intuitive, and the design is much more attractive.I suffered for months with the old units.. I should have upgraded to Nests right away.
Five Stars Very FUN and reliable!
This device sucks! The first 12-18 months it worked great This device sucks! The first 12-18 months it worked great. After that, it keeps failing to sync with the app. I try to make adjustments with the app, but the device doesn't respond. Do yourself a favor and buy a Honeywell, or anything but this. The company even replaced it after the warranty expired, and the replacement still failed.
Five Stars Best Thermostat ever
Used not new. I received a used nest thermostat, with scratches on the screen and not all of the parts in the box.
don't buy this type of product on Amazon; this product didn't work and the company "The best for less" has a 30 day return policy. totally lame support
Five Stars Glad a have one....
Five Stars good
Great so far So far these is working great and wasn’t difficult to install
Was a horrible user experience and support was not helpful Support took over an hour to respond every time i called, I hired a installer and even with him and support they were unable to get it installed. However due to the long hold times i ended up paying the cost of the returned product . Was a horrible user experience and support was not helpful. Over an hour each time! it was beyond ridiculous . Never again nest!
Easy to install. Helps to controls energy useage Great price, so user friendly. Easy to install.
Flawless so far Been great. Do your research, works perfect for my shop but would shine in a home.
One Star Was nota pleased with they product . It said new, its used and even Came broken
Five Stars Love em!
They said it would work with a two wire system ... They said it would work with a two wire system. But it’s a no go it won’t bring up the heat pump setting
Five Stars THIS IS THE BEST THING NEXT TO SLICED BREAD
Saves so much on energy bill and is super nice to be able to cool/heat before you get ... Bought this as a gift and he absolutely loves it! Saves so much on energy bill and is super nice to be able to cool/heat before you get home!
waste money.... It keeps on turn off the heater before it reach the temperature (the nest have red screen but the heater is not on) and also the nest keeps on switch off by itself saying there is no power (c-wire installation has done). Trying to work with the tech support in the nest site for more then 3 month. They just keeps on asking me to switch the wire on the nest, have c-wire installation and reset this and that. And it still doesn't work... then they say it may be my breaker issue and ask me to try other thermostat.... I switch to Honeywell Lyric Round 2.0 Thermostat (https://www.amazon.com/Lyric-Programmable-Thermostat-Geofencing-Amazon) and it works perfectly fine. I agree that amazon should just take off nest from the website because it just doesn't work. It just waste money.
It was easy to install and did NOT require a C wire It was easy to install and did NOT require a C wire. It was also easy to program and I love being able to control the unit from anywhere if I need to change up the scheduled temp.
AWESOME!! LOVE IT
Highly recommended. Should have purchased the thermostat years ago. Very good thermostat.
One Star I doesn’t work. Keeps chsmging temp to 56 degrees
Hmmmmm I’m still trying to figure out if I like this thermostat or not. It seems to take a long time to heat just a few degrees higher and I feel like it’s not always accurate. It has saved money on my monthly heating bill but I feel like I have to tweak it frequently for my comfort.
b'???? Less than a year and it is not working!'
One Star So disappointed in the Nest.
Only supports 2 homes... ugh. Downgraded from 5 to 4 stars today when I found you the Nest app only supports 2 home per account. I am a real estate investor with currently 5 properties I need to manage Nest thermostats in and their customer support told me the workaround was to create multiple accounts. It works, but is annoying.
Who Are These People? I'd Really Like to Know This needs serious work, even in its third generation. I don't quite understand the mindset of its developers but it seems that they intended this for use by extremely rich white house wives with a/c and heat control in every room of their mansion. Most normal people have just one thermostat in their house, even if it's got 3 bedrooms and 4 stories. I don't think I've ever been in a house with more than one thermostat. There's not even an option to choose "House" as the location of the thermostat. This makes no sense. On top of all this their Alexa app is probably one of the worst device control apps I've ever had the displeasure of using. It has almost zero instructions on what the commands are, you basically have to guess, and the commands are limited, make no sense, and once again, assume that you have a thermostat in every freaking room. Who are these people? "Alexa set the basement to 68" Yeah, setting "the basement" to 69 isn't possible because that would set the whole house to 69, I named it "The House" instead, since it didn't have that as option I had to do it custom. Not only that, if the heat is on and I want it to cool instead, I have to say "Alexa, set 'The House' to cool" THEN say "Alexa, set The House to 69". Only then will she turn the A/C on and cool it down. Why can't I just say set the house to 69 and have it assume that if the heat is on, and it's 76, that she should turn the A/C on instead and cool it down to 69? WTF?
Great product. Easy to install and it has been working great. Love being able to control it with my phone and the Echo Dot.
Five Stars I like the easy to use app, that I can change and see the temperature any time I want.
Sold me a used product when thinking it was NEW. When I received the product I noticed that the tape holding the box together had already been cut. As I continued to to open the packege it was obvious that this was previously used! The screws had drywall on them and there were no directions.No where in the description said that I purchased a used Nest.
Does not work with all HVAC types Did not work with my Carrier furnace and A/C unit. Tired two different Nest's and neither worked.
But we are glad having bought it It was a big leap of faith purchasing it, since it is so awfully expensive! But we are glad having bought it! It has helped cut the energy cost.
Five Stars great product !
Four Stars I like the product.
Five Stars Have loved having the app feature to adjust times.
Five Stars Love it. Great thermostat. I own 2 and they both work flawlessly.
... the Nest about two (2) months ago and I love it. Super easy to install - their online ... Replaced my existing thermostat in my condo with the Nest about two (2) months ago and I love it.Super easy to install - their online customer support is absolutely amazing - I was able to upload a picture of my wiring to the chat and they sent me personalized installation instructions. No issues connecting to WiFi.Functionality is great. I can control the temp from my phone, iPad, Echo, etc. and view usage statistics. The thermostat itself and the touchscreen are super easy to use.On top of all that, it looks fantastic.Very satisfied with my purchase and would highly recommend!
Five Stars A great product I have repurchased for my new home. Easy installation and operation
You must have 3 wires to make this work right ... You must have 3 wires to make this work right. My heater was cycling on and off incorrectly because I only had two wires. Called repairman and we finally called Nest support. They told us. YOU NEED THREE WIRES FROM THE HEATER. :-)
would recommend as described, would recommend purchase
life should be measured in terms of "aggrevation factor". ... life should be measured in terms of "aggrevation factor". Basically anything over a 7 is really "Aggrevating". Nest is a 9. You have to deal with the wiring (we only have heat, you would think it would be easy), then the programing etc. In our case, it lite up but never turned on the heat. I put our old Honeywell back on. Put Nest back in the box for another day.
Dehumidification Poorly Designed Temperature set point can’t be more than 3 degrees above ambient to allow cool to dry to operate. For seasonally vacant Florida homes at a set point of 88, an ambient of 82, and humidity of 75%, the Nest wont dehumidify unless the setpoint is reduced to 85 creating unnecessary energy usage. Nest techs apologize for this limitation. Our vacant summer monthly bills have gone from $35 to $85 since the Nest’s installation.
Great concept Had a professional install it seems to work fine… Wish there was an adjustment that would allow the temperature to adjust a half° increments. Somewhat overpriced… But I’d like to get Building to control it through my smart phone and tablet…Only wish Alexa would get the commands correct…
So nice to control temp from anywhere and also much easier ... Wish I had installed sooner! So nice to control temp from anywhere and also much easier to schedule vs our old school thermostat
Cool product, does interesting stuff Nice, looking forward to the benefits of remote operation.
Also has other features like where it keeps your fan on after your AC ... Very sleek and attractive. Only issue I can complain about is the self learning schedule. I just completely turned it off. But the thing that sets this thermostat apart from others is the preheat/cool setting. Example: I turn off my heat when I go to sleep during the winter so it can get into the 50s but I have it set to 66 at the time I wake up and it will start warming before the set time so it is the temperature you requested at that time.Also has other features like where it keeps your fan on after your AC shuts off to spread the cold air.
Wish I bought one a year ago Took about 10 minutes to install. Even easier than I thought it would be. The best thing I’ve ever spent money on was laser eye surgery, the nest thermostat comes in at #2.
Big brother in the house. Only buy this if you want google serving ads to your thermostat and you are comfortable having some distant tech company deciding how you should heat or cool your home. Even if you turn off the smart functions they will periodically override your settings because they cut a deal with the local power company or just think you should use less electricity.
Five Stars Best price brand new in box like they said!
Best thermostat I’ve owned An attractive and simple to operate thermostat. Why complicate things when you don’t need to. It’s a little expensive but worth it.
I have nothing to write about least I like it all The Eco has saved us money, I have nothing to write about least I like it all.
Bought for my daughter. She loves it. Like’s ... Bought for my daughter. She loves it. Like’s that she can control by her phone if she fought to turn down for the day.
Worth the hype This is a little pricey but completely worth it. Who wouldn't want to be able to control their thermostat from the comfort of... Anywhere with an internet connection
work's like a charm As Advertised, work's like a charm. Worth the money
Neat thermostat. I can control it with my phone, my computer and with Alexa. I do love my nest. My heat was on constantly this past month with the cold weather here in San Diego (okay cold for us). My bill was only ~$70
Five Stars Love the nest thermostat
Love this product, saves me money every month Saves me a lot of money
This thermostat is amazing. Too bad Amazon is turning into Apple This thermostat is amazing. Too bad Amazon is turning into Apple, and pushing their closed ecosystem. Give customers options Amazon...
Love the Nest learning 3rd gen! Purchased to replace previous thermostat about 3 days ago. Also purchased 2 year warranty just in case. Installation was approximately 15 minutes (includes all materials). Also includes plastic white wall plate (as seen in pic). Turn the dial counter clockwise (left) to decrease the temperature. Turn the dial clockwise (right) to increase the temperature. Downloaded the app, created account, now the temperature can be controlled from the cell which is awesome! Others in the home can also download the app for use. Works with Amazon Alexa or Google assistant. Very pleased with this device overall. The motion sensor illuminates the device upon approach which is also awesome! No more guessing the temperature/humidity. Can't wait for the Nest to "learn" our temperature preferences. Definitely recommend!!
Yes, I fell for the hype Easy installation, easy setup, easy use. Yes, this is a higher priced programmable thermostat but I like it. I like the minimal look of it on the wall, no trim plate required or desired. The app is easy to use and I like being able to access the Nest remotely.
My apartment came with one of these and I love it! You can control it with your smartphone My apartment came with one of these and I love it! You can control it with your smartphone, and it feels very high quality. The best feature by far is the "leaf game": when you set your thermostat to an energy efficient temperature, you earn a leaf! At the end of the month, you see how many leaves you earned and how you compare to your neighbors. I always try to earn as many as possible, although I slightly concerned I will eventually turn into a Canadian. If this occurs I will update my review.
They promise but don't reimburse for installation problems.Not buying again. Installed and it kept on restarting. Found out from google search that another wire (C) has to be added. Chatted with nest support and they promised to reimburse if I use a nest-certified installed. I did. Then uploaded the invoice to Nest support (chat link) as asked by the agent. TWICE. and still waiting for a response after 9 weeks. So it looks nice thats the only positive. Its wifi connected so it can be controlled remotely. Other than that, its overpriced, ill-supported. I regret buying it.
Great investment, easy to install We really enjoy our thermostat. I wasn’t convinced I wanted one but when our last one died and our gas and electric companies were offering rebates, we thought we’d give it a try. We enjoy the energy usage reports, the night light and leaf functions, and the ability to adjust the temperature from our phones. Sometimes it does seem the thermostat is a little too “smart” and anticipates temperatures we may not want on that particular day at that particular time, but that’s a minor inconvenience. Overall, it’s been an excellent product.
Very happy with this thermostat Very happy with this thermostat. Works so much better than my previous digital thermostat and so much easier to use. I would purchase another one.
So far so good... So far so good...very easy to use. Hardest part for me was figuring out which circuit cuts the power to my heat. I used the YouTube video to install and mine is only for heat, my AC is separate. Much easier to read and I'm hoping more accurate. This will be updated...
Love this thermostat Love this thermostat, so easy to install. The only issue I had was that my home has on O/B wire which caused the thermostat to turn on the heat. I spoke with the customer service team who advised me to rewire putting the O/B wire into the W1 location. It’s been perfect!!!
Simply the best thermostat. This is what a thermostat should be! Installation was a breeze; it took longer to enter my WiFi password than to install the thermostat. I did have an issue where the thermostat wasn't detecting power from my wiring, and I had to call for support. It was 8:00 pm on a Friday night, but in less than 10 minutes I had a nest specialist troubleshooting the issue, and had it functioning as expected in about 15 minutes (turned out the air conditioning control wire that was connected to the old thermostat wasn't needed for the nest since i don't have AC). The nest thermostat was extremely easy to install, their tech support is top notch (and available 24/7), and it looks and works great! It is also fantastic to control the thermostat via their app. I would give more than 5 stars if I could.
Return process I ordered this and an Ecobee to se ewhich if either can also control my Aprilaire humidifier. Not an uncommon process I assume. This does not support it, the Ecobee does. My 3 stars is due to the delay in their return and refund process: slow! The product seemed very well built, no complaints from assessing it.
Works Great, easy installation Arrived on time, very very easy to install. I’m higher recommend this product. Energy usage is already down in the first 2 weeks. Great great product!!!
Power goes out during a terrible snowstorm and our generator kicks on like it always ... Thought this would be an upgrade from our old basic thermostat. Boy was I wrong. Power goes out during a terrible snowstorm and our generator kicks on like it always does. With our old thermostat, the generator would continue to run our heat. With the nest, an error message comes on, the heat kicks off and refuses to come back on. Customer service tells my husband he has to go outside in two feet of snow and manually shut off my generator, go down in the basement and shut off the furnace, unplug electrical wires, leave live wires out, told him to use electrical tape to wrap two wires, and then it kicks back on. Who is this lady from Nest customer service and how is she qualified to give my husband instructions on messing around with our generator, my furnace and electrical wires? He doesn’t know what he’s doing with this stuff! Is it safe when my power gets restored and kicks back on? Will there be a spark? Isn’t the beauty of a $20,000 built in generator system that we SHOULDN’T have to go outside and manually shut off and turn my generator on to get the heat on? Absolutely ridiculous!!!
I absolutely LOVE this product. I absolutely LOVE this product. So easy to control and program my thermostat. Home automation is so cool. Save lots of money using this and it looks beautiful. Totally recommend.
Wonderful Great product, easy to install and program. Fast learning, definitely worth the price.
Five Stars Sooo easy to install and works amazing! Thank you! I will probably order another for my lower level.
Five Stars This thing is amazing. I would recommend it to all home owners.
Five Stars I am very happy with nest. It's easier to use and nicer.
Three Stars To Expensive but works great.
So CUTE!! Love this Thermostat. It turns on automatically when I get home, and turns off when I leave based on my phone and wifi connection. Brilliant design.I have never been the DIY type of person, but the installation is easy enough, I literally just read the instruction from the box and viola.Patching up the wall was the hard part. I could cover up the wall with the plastic plate that came in the box, but I think that looked pretty ugly. So I spent the time and learned how to patch and paint the hole that was left over from my old thermostat. If it wasn't for that, it probably will take no more than half hour to change out the old one and replace with the new.
Handles the basics, but way behind the competitors on all the details It gets the basics, so it seems great for the first few weeks or months, but after 1 year of use, I'm very disappointed in Nest's lack of focus on usability in basic situations. It feels like they have completely lost touch with their customers.I want the thermostat to auto-learn my schedule - 3/5Nest will auto-learn your schedule, but if you want to edit your schedule it lacks any usability conveniences of its competitors. There's no concept of "this is the temperature I sleep at" to adjust in one place and apply to all days. There's no way to set up a single day's schedule and copy the others from it. Every adjustment must be manually set for each day, for each time, to the exact temperature you want for heat and cool. Letting it auto-learn adjustments means a couple weeks of manually adjusting temperatures on the device every day. Spending 5 minutes tweaking a schedule seems easier than spending a couple weeks being slightly uncomfortable or manually adjusting the thermostat all the time, but Nest's bad interface means even this manual approach is more of a hassle than it needs to be.I want the thermostat to automatically save energy while I'm out - 1/5Nest does a great job of automatically going to "eco" mode when you're out. But if you set your eco heating temp to 60 for example, prepare to come home to a 60 degree house every day and wait an hour or two for your house to warm up. Nest has a concept of "Early On" to pre-heat or pre-cool your home, but Auto-Away overrides this, so you have to choose between disabling Auto-Away entirely (then why did I buy a $250 thermostat?), or coming home to a too-hot or too-cold house every day and waiting 1-2 hours for your house to reach a comfortable temperature. Again, it makes me think, "Maybe I should just spend 30 minutes once, programming a schedule in a normal thermostat to save energy in my normal work hours and come home to a comfortable house." Note: you can manually disable eco mode to preheat your house every day, but if you don't disable the entire Auto-Away feature, then your house is likely to go back to eco mode on its own before reaching any sort of comfortable temperature.I want to manually tell the thermostat to save energy when I'm on vacation - 1/5Recently, Nest calls this mode "off" for some reason. "Off" mode still runs heating and cooling to maintain a minimum and/or maximum temperature, to prevent damage to your house. However, these safety temperatures are restricted to 35-45 and 95-105. There's literally no way for me to tell Nest to maintain 55 degrees while I'm on vacation, short of resetting to factory settings.I want the thermostat to measure the temperature in a location other than where the thermostat is located - 1/5This may not apply to most people, but my thermostat hookup is located in an inconvenient location. Heating vents pipe in to the bedrooms, so it's most efficient to close the bedrooms to trap in heat, but the thermostat is located in the hallway, so would be left out in the cold. Even leaving the bedrooms open, I can still expect the bedrooms to reach 7-10 degrees warmer than the thermostat location, resulting in 7-10 degree temperature swings in the bedroom throughout the night, which can be quite uncomfortable. Users have been asking for temperature sensors for years, and Nest refuses, claiming there is no need because the device is "intelligent" and learns your home's "thermal dynamics". However, the bottom line is Nest has no way to address this kind of issue, while some of their competitors do.
I found this to be a good starting point While trying to embrace new technology, I found this to be a good starting point. It was very easy to install and set up. Once you have it working don't be afraid to explore the features and change settings.
Seems to work great. Pay attention to the times you adjust it Seems to work great. Pay attention to the times you adjust it.....It will remember and does not forgive until you tell it to.
Buy it! This thermostat is amazing! I installed it myself in about 30 minutes, set up was a breeze and I love that I can control it from the nest app on my phone. Im excited to see how it affects my electric bill.
Fancy It’s awesome!! I love technology!
Didn't learn well It didn't do very well learning our schedule, which varies greatly. It doesn't have a "permanent hold" function that would allow it to become fully manual. Tried it for 2.5 months. I'm replacing it tonight with a more basic programmable, wifi-connected Honeywell thermostat.
Disappointed. It was installed (by Amazon installer) then stopped working because of a short.Now we are having to TRY to get Nest to replace.Disappointed.
Five Stars The product was working great at first. We LOVED it. We only had it installed for about 5 months before it crapped out and no longer works.
One of our favorite investments We love our NEST. It has made it so nice to not have to get out of bed and change the temp from your phone. It also gives a usage report and breakdown for you each month. It learns your habits and starts adjusting its schedule. It is so handy and I would recommend it big time.
The best things about Nest I had ecobee for a year, and finally decided to make the switch. The best things about Nest: no additional wires and harnesses, never logged me off, never dropped off the wifi and forced me to restart the device, superb interface, fun to use
Five Stars I love this thermostat!
I like that it seems to sense when I am gone It does not seem to be doing one function that I thought it would. From what I understand, it should be turning on as I get closer to home. It does not do this but instead turns on after I get home. I like that it seems to sense when I am gone, but unless I am missing something, it should turn on when I get close to home?
Make sure you have "C" wire... ** Revising review due to new info that I obtained ** 3-3-18. I called my HVAC guy and he says to simply move to the "G" wire on my air handler to the "C" position (constant power). I then rewired the Nest as well; moving G to C. At first it would kick on my air handler and not my compressor (heat pump) outside. I read that these can be finicky when the battery isn't charged. I pulled it off from the wall and charged via the wall and micro USB. Once it was over 3.8 volts; I installed back on the wall and voila; everything is running as it should. I fought with support before; I wish they would have recommended this somewhat simple fix. Either way; hopefully this info helps someone out there. CheersI was very excited to replace my very old Honeywell thermostat; even though it worked fine it was severely outdated. I spent an entire day troubleshooting this Nest with them on the phone; very very frustrating. My system is a heat pump with 4 wires going to the thermostat. Eventually support realized that "my system was not compatible with Nest". What I'm actually reading though is that Nest is a bit of a power vampire and it sucks power off of your existing system (assuming there is not a common wire ran for it). This power leeching can cause anomalies to happen to your HVAC system and for it to not function properly. In my case, the heat pump would short cycle; running for only 30 seconds or so and then shut off; even though the internal air handler would still be pushing air throughout the house. Very frustrating that it took support this long and it came out inconclusive. I would NOT recommend a Nest unless you have a common wire; with it's own power to power this thing. Even though it has it's own lithium ion battery; it's apparently not enough to power the thing without interfering with the rest of the system.
Operation is Confusing Easy to install, not as easy to operate. We have had some problems with our Nest changing temperature on its own, heat rising, etc. (which is a problem as we live in Florida!). Overall, we have saved some money on our electric bill. I am sure that any issues we have will disappear as we learn to adjust our Nest.
Five Stars Very convenient, and since purchasing the Nest, my utility bills have decreased.
Worth every penny! Easy to install and replace our previous thermostat, but we did have an electrician connect it to our Humidifier.Can adjust the temperature from your phone, & it learns quickly based on your changes. Can set it to know when you are home based on the app.$100 credit with our local power company completed completely through the app itself (easy)!Smooth design, appearance, and operating system.Much better than my last 2 Honeywell Thermostats. Honestly, We gave up adjusting the temp with our previous thermostats. This is just so much easier...
The seller's "test" for compatibility indicated that the devices were ... The seller's "test" for compatibility indicated that the devices were compatible with our system. However, our plumbing company pointed out that this was not true, and that we would actually need an electrician to run wires from each of our two furnaces to the thermostats. Because of our initial reliance on the inaccurate test, we missed the deadline for automatic refund. The result: a $97 restocking fee, even though we returned both thermostats unopened.
Over hyped under performed. Ruined my heating system. Nest ruined my heating system. Cost $400 to fix. Wish they would let me return it. Seriously consider using a traditional thermostat. This thing is all show and no go.
Love I love the no guessing at what the temperature is anymore. This has lowered our bill and has some great features. I love that I can set it lower during the day and when I get home it’s alresdy heating up. Great for those that live in cold climates, I can’t wait to see how this works during the summer. So far very happy with one r purchase!
Amazing product for second home! Great product! Connected w our iPhone and alerted us when our heat got too low in our upstate cabin. Saved us from frozen pipes!
Five Stars Easy install and so nice having the control from my smart phone
Worked great in the winter Worked great in the winter. Turned the ac on and it pushes hot air. Researched a little and went through the troubleshooting only to find out the solution they gave was not even an option. Removed the neat and put the old thermostat back up...works like a champ. Not impressed.
Awesome but Expensive Expensive but I love being able to remotely control the setting
Five Stars This unit makes controlling the heat and cooling possible and it's very helpful in recommending Energy Efficient temperatures.
this is a great product. Really Don't throw out your old thermostat! At some point (likely after your warranty expires) you're going to need it again.Here's what they don't tell you: when it works, this is a great product. Really. For 2 years I loved it. However, when it fails, there is no fallback and you simply cannot control your heat or air without pulling the Nest and installing something that works. When ours failed, just over 2 year warranty mark, my wife started getting "battery low" errors, and then it would disconnect and black out leaving her with no ability to control the temperature in the house. in other words, there is NO mechanical fall back mode. If the battery dies, you lose function. Period. Support had me pull the unit off and plug it in to charge with a micro-USB cable, which merely postponed the problem till the battery drained again. Meanwhile support asked me to go get my multi-meter and start measuring voltages. Really?The old thermostat has worked flawlessly for 10 years. Put it back on today. Wish I had someway to recover some of the ridiculous cost. That's a lot of money down the drain. Guess I have a pretty paperweight.
I love my Nest! I use Alexa Echo’s around the house and it is so very convenient and so cool to control my thermostat from anywhere with my voice! You can set the face of the control panel to show the inside temp, time, or outside temp when you pass by. I have it set to show outside temp. If I want to know the inside temp I can press the control on my wall or ask Alexa. It also tracks my history, learns my patterns, and turns down the heat when I exit my home and back up if it’s the time of day I prefer it warm inside. The settings are endless! I love it!
Would suggest you buy something else Had my HVAC out last week for my annual check up - All was well - system in great shape. Ask him about the Nest he said his company charged $520 installed. I figured I could install it myself and save $250. I have installed light, fans and bathroom vents before so figured no big deal.Well after all day we are without heat. Followed their directions to the letter, but couldn't get it to work. Calling their help line is a joke spent a good part of the day on hold.Had to reinstall the old thermostat.
Five Stars Really cool modern home thermostat
Take pictures of old thermostat wiring I’m good with figuring things out just a little trouble with my upstairs thermostat due to AC wiring
It's pretty crappy that this "smart" thermostat doesn't support a remote ... The thermostat doesn't support a remote sensor. A lot of houses have the thermostat in the hallway so when the bedroom doors are closed you can get undesirable results. In my case it either gets really hot or really cold in my bedrooms. Wakes me up almost every night! It's pretty crappy that this "smart" thermostat doesn't support a remote sensor. I'm switching to the Ecobee
Five Stars These will save you money. Period.
Top of the line. It is a wonderful product and easy to use. I put the app on the iPhone and can program it while I'm in bed. No more getting up freezing cold to turn the heat up. It easily switches from heat to A/C. I can track the history and program it for various temperature and times during the day. If I forget to turn it off, I can change the temperature from my app on the phone while away. My only complaint is the customer service stinks. We had some trouble at first getting it set up and called customer service. They did not call us back. Finally we figured it out ourselves. If you have a 2 stage heater, you need to make sure you have the latest model of Nest. The earlier model will not work with 2 stage heater.
Awesome isn't a strong enough word to describe it. Space magic maybe? This thing is so cool! Yeah. A thermostat that's cool. Ugh. It is. This has got to be one of the most intuitively designed products on the market that somehow (I'm guessing thru space magic) does exactly what you want it to do, when you want it to do it. Installation note: I went from factory sealed box thinking "oh boy.....what am I getting myself into" to completely installed thermostat in about 15 minutes. It is really idiot proof. It took me longer to set up my wifi connection and Google how the heck to get it connected to my Alexa thingy (neither of which were in any way difficult). For the first week use it like you did your old thermostat. After that you'll find out that when you go to set it that it's already set at the temperature you wanted....WHEN you want it. Space magic. The farsight feature activates when you walk up to it telling you pretty much exactly what you want to know (again, more space magic). Absolutely consider pairing with an Echo or similar. Tell it to turn the heat up, it does. Ask it the temperature, it tells you. Cannot recommend enough.
Waste of money This turned my smart home into a dumb home. After 3 months of use the products still has let learned my habits. The location services don’t work well. When I check the status from work, the next still thinks I’m home and has the heat on full blast. I’ve even had tech support help with the issues. Still doesn’t learn my habits and I have to manual override most of the time. Might as well kept my $20 junk thermostat since it remembered the programs better. My energy bill has been above average compared to the past. This has cost me money, but looks pretty on the wall. Save your money and buy some real art instead. I would return this if possible but I might get more pleasure chucking it into a lake.
Five Stars Fantastic product!
It looks nice and I barely adjust temps anymore. At first we were constantly changing the temperature but now I hardly touch it anymore. It looks very good on the wall though.
I love that I can set my house to heat at ... I love that I can set my house to heat at work and it will be warm when I get there. This thermostat saves us so much money!
I have had my nest for less than 6 months ... I have had my nest for less than 6 months and just stopped working, electrician came out and said it was not functioning at all
If you live in a cold climate, you need to be careful of this! I purchased my Nest directly from google, but they don't have product reviews on the site so I am reviewing it here.When I was interested in a Nest, I put in the wiring that I had for the house and they gave me the green light that I was 'nest compatible'. Great! Or so I thought.Over the winter holiday, I was visiting my parents, when on Christmas Day I get a phone call from one of my tenants (I'm a live-in land lord). The heat was OFF.Eventually I was able to get an HVAC person to come by the house and look at it, however if nobody had been in the house that day the pipes may have froze.It turns out that if you are using Nest in a cold climate you actually NEED an extra wire. The AC unit goes into a safety mode during the winter which also shuts off the nest.I am giving the nest one star for not making this information public when I was deemed 'nest compatible'. This was exceedingly troublesome as it made my christmas day very stressful instead of spending time with my family, but also could have cost me a lot of money.
Consumers should be concerned about it keeping up with technology and level of support. I rarely right reviews unless a product is exceptionally great or makes me regret the purchase. I am so disappointed in Nest and now think consumers should take a look at other options. I recently upgraded my router to a Netgear AC2300 hardly an obscure manufacturer. My 3rd gen Nest will not work with it. I contacted support and for over an hour only got sorry we don't work with that router, no indication of trying to fix the problem just telling me over and over I should hook my 4 year old router back up just to run the Nest or use the Wifi hotspot on my phone. Insinuating during the conversation that I was being difficult because I didn't find either of those acceptable by a company that a) charges prices for a premium product and b) tends to lead people believe they keep up with technology. However, it's wrong for me to think that Nest should try to get my Nest to work with a name brand name AC router which every device in my house works with including a $30 Roku but I shouldn't expect the Nest to work with it.
Would not get my house past 72 degrees. The ... Would not get my house past 72 degrees. The air would not blow hot enough. My furnace was on the compatible list and I had it wired correctly. Had to return it.
Absolutely love this thing  First, check to see if your system is compatible with Nest. You can easily do that from their site.Once you’ve determined that it’s compatible, add this baby to your cart. Skip the expensive pro installation unless you have a really jacked up system. I was able to install it in about 10 minutes.1) take a picture of your existing unit and where the wires are plugged into2) cut the power off to the thermostat. I couldn’t figure out which breaker was assigned to our system, so I just shut the main one off to the house. No big deal.3) dismantle the old unit4) screw on the vanity plate from Nest (it was more than big enough to cover up the holes from our old unit, so don’t waste money on a large plate if you don’t want to).5) Connect the wires to where they were on your old unit (kinda like speaker wires, you open the clamp and it pinches down. It’s easy)6) attach the Nest faceplate (main unit)7) push on the faceplate to get it hooked up to your WiFi, what settings you’d like, etc.8) download the app and sync it with your unitBoom, done.Nest also provides a screw driver so that was great!I use Ohm Connect to get monetary kick backs for energy conservation, and if you provide your Nest login they will turn off the Heat or AC during the peak time for an hour then turn it back on to resume normal programming.
Love this thermostat This is a terrific addition to my Comcast security system.
Five Stars Easy to install and has a lot of useful features. Great!!
The best thermostat ever I love the nest, it has so many options to make your home more modernized and techy BUT make sure your air conditioner can support it! We bought it for our apartment and it did not work and we were so devastated, because we had a brand new apartment so we assumed it would. We will definitely buy it again in a heart beat when we buy a home!
Five Stars GREAT PRODUCT--EASY TO INSTALL--SAVES ENERGY!!
The temperature is not accurate throughout the house, the ... The temperature is not accurate throughout the house, the temperature keeps changing. Continuously loose WiFi signal even the router is 20 feet away with full bar.
Reduced my Utilities by Almost 50% First and foremost, I did not get this free in exchange for a review. Though, I’m quite jealous of anyone that did.I was a bit skeptical about purchasing such an expensive thermostat, but at the time I was traveling a lot for work and managing the cheap thermostat on the wall was costing me money. So, I broke down and purchased this and I haven’t regretted it since.I absolutely love this thermostat and I must admit it makes me lazy at times. I can control the thermostat from my phone from anywhere in the world as long as the thermostat is hooked up to WiFi at home.I can easily set and change the schedules and I love the little leaf that pops up when I’m saving energy.Install is fairly easy as the instructions were decent. I’m pretty handy with tools and it took me about 20 minutes to install it fully.Honest to God truth is that my utility bills have been reduced by almost 50% solely because of this thermostat. It is one of the top 5 purchases of my adult life and probably saves me the most money.I’m serious, if you haven’t purchased one yet, I urge you to do it now and start saving some money.
Four Stars Really happy with the schedule feature. Nest has been working great!
Five Stars Great product. Easy install and setup.
Five Stars as expected
By far one of the best pieces of my home automation By far one of the best pieces of my home automation. Seemlessy works with Alexa on all my Echo devices. Plus the white looks great with the white trim of my house.
Buy it! I'm really glad I got this for my home! I did a bunch of research online and it always came back to the nest. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to set it up but it was soooo easy. They walk you through step by step. I love how it can sense when you are away and turn the heat down for you. I also get a rebate through my electricity company for having one!
An Economical and Attractive Upgrade I've owned one for a little over a year and received it as a Christmas gift. Installation was incredibly easy (assuming you have at least a little knowledge of how thermostats work) and it has proven to be as economical as it is attractive. It literally started programming itself, learning when we're home, when someone in our house is up and about, when we go to bed, etc. and makes sure the house is just the right temperature 24/7. What is that temperature? Give it a little bit of prompting and set some comfort ranges and that will help out quite a bit. One of my favorite features is that it's WiFi with a great mobile app that allows me to check in on the temp of them house while I'm away and adjust as I see fit. When I'm an hour or so away, I can let the Nest know so that the house is at the perfect temperature when we arrive (which is great when you get back from vacation late at night with armfuls of sleeping children).
One Star Absolute HORSE CRAP. I pay "FULL" price to receive a used and scratched product...
I love it I love my nest products especially my nest thermostat. I love the way it integrates with all of my other Nest products. Oh, and it looks good to
Great thermostat, and for me did not require a “c” wire. It has been several years since my thermostats have been replaced. They all seem to have lost their accuracy.My house has 3 heating zones, two on the first floor and the third on the second floor. I was looking for a smart thermostat that I could easily install and control from either my iPad or smartphone. My house also is old, and the thermostat only has two wires, a red and a white. To this end I was looking for a unit that does not require a “c” wire. Nest advertises that in most cases it does not.So, I ordered 3 Nest 3rd Generation thermostats. I have installed two so far. They took me very little time not only for the physical installation, but to also connect it to my WiFi network, and the Nest App on my devices. Everything works perfect, and I did not need the “c” wire. This weekend I will go upstairs and install the 3rd unit.Great product, easy installation, and lovely features. Glad I found this product.
Five Stars easy to set up. works great with my furnace.
Only buy if you like wasting $250 every 3 years! I LOVED my nest. Until a week ago it stopped working. It hot to the touch and reads 87 degrees. We have no heat in the middle of winter now! I contact customer serivce who offered me a 20% off coupon with a 30 day expiration. Are you kidding me?? $250 for a product that only worked for 3 years? I’m blown away. I really trusted this company and recommended it to many friends. The online chat rep even told me to get a used base off EBay or Amazon. How is this real life?
Really Smart Investment Smart investment. I installed it myself and the instruction were great. Everything is easy and user friendly. You do not even have to schedule anything, it learns your habits every time you set the thermostat. We lowered the temperature when we left the house or went to bed and Nest will learn your routines and just repeat them.
Love this. We use it with our Alexa and ... Love this. We use it with our Alexa and the App. Our bill has gone done some, not hugely but in 8 months it's paid for ittself compared to last years usage.
Terrible!! Terrible!!! Paid an electrician to install and the product was defective and Amazon would not allow return due to number of days since it was purchased. Totally ridiculous! It was bought is December and now had time to get it installed. The wired was incorrect and was making the air conditioning turn on when the heat was supposed to run. Very poor
Best thermostat I ever had I love this thermostat. Allows me to set my heater or air conditioner for any temperature for any time of the day. I also like the fact that it comes on when you walk past it so you can see the current temperature and your current setting. Too many other cool features to list here
Five Stars works great
Many common issues. Do NOT buy. I bought his thinking it would be awesome based on all of the positive reviews. However, I am beginning to think those reviews are planted or something... This thermostat is an expensive piece of garbage. I never had issues with my previous thermostat, but when Ininstalled this, the AC stopped blowing cold air. I went through all of the trouble shooting steps with Nest customer/tech support with no avail. I ended up calling a pro HVAV guy. He wasn’t even able to fix it. I thought for sure that I must have bought a faulty one, but after talking to a ten of people (neighbors/friends), I learned that many of them are having the same problem. This is thing is much more trouble than it’s worth.
Five Stars Excellent product. no issues with install or operation
Five Stars Cool gadget
Five Stars it is getting use to us
The best thermostat everrrr The best thermostat everrrr. I love that i can control using my phone. I have saved hundreds of dollars on my heating bill
I have waiting on hold for what seems like forever. The support for the product is terrible I received a Nest as a Christmas present. I wish I had gotten something else. I had trouble installing it and was on hold forever before finally getting some very limited help. I had to read some forums on the internet to figure out the problem. It finally got it working okay. Then I changed internet providers from TWC to Google Fiber, and I cannot get the Nest to connect to the internet. It seems it's settings are inherently incompatible with Google. Heck, doesn't Google make Nest? I have followed the troubleshooting suggestions without success. I have waiting on hold for what seems like forever. The support for the product is terrible.
2 out of 3 failed within one week Good idea. Easy install. Terrible product. Bought 3 of them, after one week 2 of them have failed. Combination of problems - Not connecting, low battery, random shutting down. Had eco mode turned on to learn but as my wife stated "it just tries to freeze us to death". It'll definitely save you money if you survive it plugging in a 60 degree temperature setting whenever it feels like.This thing uses a lot of juice for the itsy bitsy battery inside. Definitely need a "C" wire on your system. Don't even attempt an install without one.
Worse it may learn that new temp change if you ... Obviously there are tons of reviews on this item. I have had zero issues with the unit after close to 3 months. The away function when all phones have left the house works every time which beats my upstairs unit where I have to manually do it on the app.The only major flaw is that you cannot do a temporary override of the temp. Well you can but it will change to the schedule at the next scheduled time. Worse it may learn that new temp change if you do it often and put it in your schedule. Much has been written on this, so I'll leave it at that.It would be nice if you could override the temp and select until next schedule or until canceled without learning.
Electric bills up at least 50% since installing this product. Seems to have a lot of trouble keeping the temperature within a few degrees of what is set. It often has gone to emergency heat, even though the temperature outside wasn't fluctuating much. The frequent use of emergency heat has boosted my electric bills between $150 and $200 above what they were last year and before installing this thing this year.
Five Stars Works great and easy to install
Great product. Easy to install. Very easy to install. I like that t seems to balance out the temperature between upstairs and downstairs better than the other thermostat. Husband loves it. The only issue I am having is with my wifi. I can't connect anymore devices to it. I have alot already connected. But the nest connected fine it is just my smart plug will not connect anymore.
Fantastic device. I control mine 950 miles away Fantastic device. I control mine 950 miles away. Performs as described.
attractive works well
This thermostat is easy to understand This thermostat is easy to understand, and has made it possible for me to control my furnace using my phone, whether I'm at home or away. The user interface on the thermostat itself is simple and easy to understand.
Do not waste your money folks Do not waste your money folks. There are 10x better thermostats out there. I am an actual hvac technician and believe me, this tstat is not something you want. It causes more issues than its worth. It will fail unexplainably. When you troubleshoot with tech support, theyll not only give you the run around, but their tech support dont know anything about real heating and cooling equipment. This tstat NEEDS a c wire to be effective. Even then its iffy. They will only tell u it needs a c wire after it fries your system and you have a real hvac tech in your home telling you its gonna be $500 to fix the issue. Theres better options folks. Dont listen to your friends about how much they like it, listen to a real technician who is in the industry. Google developed this product with .com people.....they dont know the first thing about equipment.
Definitely Recommend! Love love love! Wish we had purchased this sooner. We were having a lot of trouble with our furnace heating the house, had the heating and cooling guys out, they did nothing... We replaced our thermostat with the Nest and we are very happy!
Free of defects. Looks exactly as pictured. Free of defects. Looks exactly as pictured.
It thinks it knows better. still learning. Will not stay at the temp you set it. It thinks it knows better.
great product love it great product looks great too
Very cool! So far so good! Install was super easy and we love our first smart-home device. Programming is a breeze and we can already see how it “learns” our patterns and temperatures preferences. We’re actually looking forward to next months energy bill!
Five Stars great!
Four Stars good, sturdy and easy to install.
Real money saver Love this termostat. Already saving money
Make sure you take pictures of your wiring on your old thermostat before disconnecting so to have a good idea on connecting So far I’m loving it. I don’t have to climb my stairs to adjust the thermostat anymore. Easy installation and setup. It’s every bit worth the price.
Easy Installation, Sexy Look, and Efficient Practical Functionality This has got to be the fanciest IoT thing I have in my entire condo. Installing this device myself was easier than baking a cake and its simple sleek design is exceedingly impressive. The instructions could have provided an index of common heating/cooling systems and their corresponding wiring configurations, but after a bit of trial an error I was saving money comfortably in no time. Totally worth the list price, and possibly more. Of the many things I impulsively buy from Amazon, this has to be one of the biggest bangs for my buck.
Good. Doesn’t use HomeKit. Good product. Works with Amazon Alexa. A bit disappointed about lack of HomeKit support when buying an expensive product like this.
Easy set up, as described. Arrived on time. Easy, simple to install - clear instructions. Took me about 1.5 hours with 3 kids interrupting, dinner, getting homework done and getting ready for bed. Easy set up on the thermostat itself and to the computer. Went back a bit later and set it up to my phone. Works as expected so far. My house was HOT today at 70 - which was the setting we kept our old one while at home to be at low warm. Will look forward to watching the trends as it "learns" our preferences. Will update in a few months.
It is all set up and wonderful!! It is all set up and wonderful!!!! I ordered a second one for my family home in Brooklyn Heights, New York, It came but when I ordered it I thought I requested that additional coverage that I had on my first one. I have not heard back from you. I haven't opened it yet. Please check this out for me. Thank you.516-647-5453
Two Stars Nice design but keeps going off line.
Five Stars 30 mins / easy to install. Great product!
Love it. Works great Love it. Works great, easy to install. It's nice be able to control one of the big utilities (Gas) and save a little money. Nest says I should gain the cost of the unit within a year or two. Plus, I received a $100 rebate from my Gas company for using Nest. Recommend to all.
Must have. The centerpiece of my Nest home automation system. To think, some time ago people use to have to manually get up to change the temperature thermostat in their homes. Now, I can just speak a few words to Alexa and my furnace or AC kicks into gear. I have never had any internet connectivity issues with this unit. The installation was simple. I just followed the instructions and hooked the corresponding wires from the central airflow system into this unit. The packaging was nice. The price was also pretty reasonable with a well timed purchased and a couple pretty sizable rebates from my gas and electric companies. Can't imagine living without one of these smart thermostats.
Love it! It was easy to install. I have replaced my mulfunctioning thermostat. I had to call to tech support that was extremely helpful because the Nest did not show the right temperature. I did not know that I have to wait for about 2 hrs. Right after that, the Nest began working as expected. I love remote control from my phone, not to mention it looks really sexy on my family room wall.
Five Stars A great product
One Star Horrible. Stopped working. can’t return because only returnable for six Weeks.
The WiFi chip goes out eventually - and if you're out of warranty, no replacement My thermostat is defective and they won't replace it because it's 5 months out of the 2-year warranty.I purchased this in 09/2015.A year ago the thermostat wasn't connecting to the internet. It wouldn't even show a network was available. It just searched and searched and searched and then told me my router was probably too far away. Which is wasn't, I live in a small house.I was unable to take the time to diagnose, but I did try a few things I read on the Nest support website such as resetting the device completely. I had recently gotten a new internet service so I thought the new modem was incompatible with the Nest. I was currently married to my job so I didn't have the time or energy to dig in further, and I'm an introvert so I didn't like the idea of calling support (when I was sure it was just my modem).Today I got a new internet service and the service went back to our old router and modem, so I was really excited - our Nest would connect to the internet again! No such luck. So I called Nest Support and they said they're having many of these come back because the wifi chip (network chip, whatever it's called) goes bad. And they couldn't do anything for me because I'm 5 months out of the 2-year warranty.Very frustrating since it is a product defect and it's been defective for over a year. On their side, they could see the last time it had been connected to the internet, so it was obvious I wasn't making this up. The tech support person I talked to said they felt I should get a replacement but then the higher-ups said, sorry no! And I'm now kicking myself that I didn't call a year ago... Very frustrating! Not to mention I had to convince my husband to let me get this (I love new technology, he's more apprehensive), and then this happens. Guess he wins this one.It's basically a regular thermostat now. No networking abilities and I can only use it manually. Have I mentioned this is very frustrating? It is frustrating.
Love it! It's not cheap, but we enjoy the features and the app is easy to use; I especially like to be able to start warming up the house after I've been gone BEFORE I get home. The design is really nice, as is the quality.
It is a bad product and you can not get Nest to replace ... I had this Thermostat for one year and seven months. It stopped working and I had three Teck's out working on this.It is a bad product and you can not get Nest to replace it or even return your calls.
This plus Alexa is pure bliss! Works flawlessly with any of my echos throughout my home or away from home with my cell phone.
The cost for this Thermostat is very to hight when ... The cost for this Thermostat is very to hight when you need theAube RC840T-240 On/Off Switching Electric Heating Relay with Built-in 24 V Transformer !!!my first and last one !
Great item, love the ability to control temps from ... Great item, love the ability to control temps from smart device. At times, Nest is increasing temps over my set temps, still troubleshooting that issue
Five Stars LOVE it! Easy to install as well :)
I should’ve listened to my electrician’s warning No. Just no. I have the flu and it’s freezing outside....so what does this crap device do? DROPS THE TEMP DOWN TO 50 WHILE WE SLEEP. Tech support couldn’t assist and was super condescending. Do. Not. Be. Fooled.
Pretty happy! This is a great product. When we looked for the "compatibility" test on company's website, it looked like we cannot have it due to our wiring. But I reached out to our HVAC company and they re-wired the system and installed the Nest for about ($130). We love the ability to change temperature without coming out of the bed. We also were able to get a $50 refund from PG&E. Finally, it works well with the Simplisafe alarm. When we set the alarm to away, the temperature adjusts automatically. In sum, it is worth the investment.
Five Stars Worked perfect
Five Stars Love this thermostat
Five Stars What can I say? It takes your thermostat game to whole new levels and saves money.
Great product / Great installation instructions Having never replaced a thermostat before, the instructions in the package as well as the easily accessed online assistance made for a great experience. Start to finish took less than an hour including unboxing, carefully reading all the instructions, installation, and cleanup. Using the included stickers to label the existing wires from the old thermostat was very helpful and the interview-type (like tax software) assistance online led to picture of exactly how the Nest should be wired was hugely reassuring. Could do another one in less than 15 minutes.
One Star Not a good product at all. Never works right. Not happy at all. Don’t buy this one!!
Five Stars As advertised.
Excellent Excellent .... easy setup... works great with google and alexa... can have more than one without confusion from different thermostats or between all smart home devices.
Beware if you live in a Colder climate I purchased this thermostat about 15 months ago. It was very easy to install and set up. I went on vacation and was able to remotely monitor the temperature, lowering it while I was away and just before my return I raised the temperature so everything was perfect when I got home. I believe that it saved me a little money on utilities also. Now the bad news. This thermostat has a problem with really cold weather. On a very cold December weekend the Nest started to behave like it was having a seizure. Good thing I kept the old thermostat so I could stay warm without losing any money. I think Nest knows about this problem but i'm sure i'll be out the $150.00 cost of the thermostat. If you live in a warmer climate it will work perfectly for you.
Visually, Lots of Improvment Over the 2nd Generation Nest Thermostat This is my 3rd Next Thermostat but my first 3rd Generation version. My heating system went out around Thanksgiving 2017 and I had to replace both the furnace gas valve and my 2nd generation thermostat.In general, I really like the Nest Thermostats due to their eco / auto away, and learning abilities.I was surprised how much improved the 3rd generation thermostat is compared to the 2nd generation. The 2nd generation thermostat was great but the clarity, details and information that the 3rd generation provides easily beats the 2nd generation thermostat. I still have a 2nd generation thermostat in on my first floor and it just looks old and doesn't seem to respond as quickly as the 3rd generation.Overall though, I think (for the most part), the guts of the system are the same (with few exceptions) but the face lift is excellent. Yes, I would like to upgrade my 2nd generation but don't see myself spending the money simply to upgrade it since it's still doing a great job. When it does fail or I simply decide to upgrade, I will definitely pay the few bucks more for the 3rd gen (or latest gen) vs. the 2nd gen.
It really saves money Definitely works well with Alexa. This product saves money on gas. The bill was lower by at least 10%.
Two major features don't work for us. So far, not impressed. It fails do two of the main things nest claims to do:1. It doesn't help us be as efficient as possible. It can't detect our source as a heat pump (a brand new Mitsubishi P-Series), therefore, we can't put it into "heat pump mode", which would have directed it to run on low as much as possible. Instead, it just turns on / off / on / off all day like an old fashioned boiler would. That's not a very efficient way to run a heat pump. Also, it sometimes kicks in to "stage 2" heat when I turn it up only one degree. There is no way to manually tell it to stay in Stage 1. Again, inefficient and bad for energy.2. "Home/Away Assist" does not work for us at all. It takes hours to sense we're gone - which I know is on purpose (in case you run to the neighbors house real quick), but I think that's dumb. If I want to choose to make it turn down as soon as we leave our property, I should get to have that choice. That feature could be handled with geofencing, which they don't use. Instead, we have to put it into away mode manually, and EVEN THEN, it somehow it switches back into "home" -- even if we're miles away. We don't have pets or anything else that might trigger the motion sensor (we tested it by putting a towel over it to blind the sensor). We finally gave up and started just turning it down manually when we leave for the day. Inconvenient.For both of these issues, I was on the phone with customer service for HOURS. They even escalated me to a higher level of tech support, but still could not help me. I commend them for being so helpful (and so easy to get a hold of). but at the end of the day, they could not solve my issues and I'm annoyed.There are other features that make this handy. I like controlling it over wifi, especially when we're not home. It'll tell us when to change the filter based on how much the heater actually ran. It's also pretty and I'm a total design snob. I just don't think that's worth the big price tag.
very disappointed given generally good reviews bought the thermostat to have the wireless functionality to set and change the temperature remotely. unfortunately the thermostat is unable to "learn" when to start the heat from a 68 night setting to 73 morning temperature on time. the designated setting for 73 degrees is not reached until 2 hours later, consistently for the entire winter season so far. ("learning mode is enabled) the previous $65.00 Honeywell was more capable and achieved this feat without difficulty year after year.
Work great.. Have 6 of them in 3 houses. Work great...one had a issue....Amazon customer service is the best in the business, replaced within a day.
Although I had an installer hook it up and set it up it’s very easy to understand It works very well. Although I had an installer hook it up and set it up it’s very easy to understand. Also quite stylish.
A built in level in the install plate is a nice touch. Nest really knows how to make the ... Worked immediately! As long as you have a C-wire, the Nest will work right out of the box. The setup couldn't be easier. A built in level in the install plate is a nice touch. Nest really knows how to make the process easy.The operation of the unit is just like the old dial thermometers so millions of people inherently know how to use it. Even the older generation will know to just rotate it to change the temp.
Solid product, but it could be better. It works really well as expected and looks great, too. I'm not too convinced if it makes the house more energy efficient. At times it does the opposite. I also don't like the invasion of privacy. The device records your daily routines and that information can be hacked. Also, it gives the company data about your routine they can exploit for their purposes. In short, devices like this are a double edged short. Do your homework about privacy before purchasing.
They were super easy to install and very easy to operate I've had my NEST thermostats for several years. They were super easy to install and very easy to operate. You hardly have to change thetemperature as the NEST learns how to heat or cool your home. It's also nice to be able to remotely change the temperature. My heating and cooling bills are much lower since I installed NEST. Great product.
Two Thumbs Up - easy install and simple to use. This thing is fantastic! Very well made; easy to install and does everything it says will do. The fitment guide on the website assisted with the purchase decision. This company definitely has taken a play from the Apple playbook. Excellent design, quality feel when holding, logical design, functionality (without reading the manual).My electric and gas utilities both offered rebates lowering the cost of the item significantly. There are plenty of articles on this product. Read a few before you but so you'll know whether it has features you want/need. If you're in the market for a programmable thermostat, I give 2 thumbs up!!
Five Stars Smooth turn and works well. Need a professional install.
This thermastat looks pretty, setup is easy This thermastat looks pretty, setup is easy. These are the only pros that I can think of. Otherwise it works almost the same as my old dumb stat, in a much less robust way. Once a while , I will see it become frozen or do the self-reboot. It went erratic once, turning on and off my heating every 15 minutes. Its only so called smart feature: home/away assistant never works right, always turns to away mode when I am home but never turn to home mode when I really home. It's nothing more than a fancy toy.
Thermostat Heaven Wow, wow, wow. I upgraded to a third generation Nest from the original 1988 thermostat installed when my condo was built. The old thermostat was so frustrating to use whereas the Nest makes using a thermostat a matter of opening the Next app on my iPhone. I make changes, submit them, and the furnace/AC responds accordingly. The Nest app has an option that allows me to make both heating and cooling active which is great for living in the SF/Bay Area. I have the heater set at 70 and the AC at 75. This is thermostat heaven!
I bought a few months ago 3 of these thermostats ... I bought a few months ago 3 of these thermostats. My electrician came to try to install them, and told me that the electrical system in my apartment was not compatible with the thermostats. Since November, I have been struggling with Nest to get them to take back their product. They asked me for an invoice from my electrician, showing that the Nest product could not be installed, and I provided it. They asked me to take pictures of my electrical wiring, which I did. They are now asking me to pay $150 to get a Nest specialist to visit my apartment to make sure it is true that the thermostats cannot be installed. This company has done everything in their power to not honor their commitment to take their product back if for some reason it cannot be installed. Very frustrating and very disappointing.
Great product! Just like any other Nest product -- this works (but also looks!) amazingly!
Awesome! Best thermostat ever! It learned multiple habits throughout the day! Sleek and small in design makes it look nice on my wall! Just purchased another one for my first floor!
Good Clean UI very sleek lookBut the price is too much. If your not building a nest home buy cheaper. It's a thermostat. Nothing more. You get exactly as advertised but after a while I asked mymyself if I paid for the thermostat or the name
Lives up to the hype We’ve had our nest for several months now and have really enjoyed it. First off it’s very easy to install. We are not very handy people and were able to have it up in running in under an hour. The other amazing thing is how great it is at sensing when you’re home and adjusting as needed. The app could use a little work but it’s functional and Alexa works great with nest as well. The only thing I wish is that nest had a function for you to let it know you have a pet at home. We went on vacation the coldest week of the winter and it set itself to “eco” which is what it’s supposed to do, it’s just that it dropped down into the 50s and we wanted it just a bit warmer for our Cat. Not a big deal to adjust remotely but would be a great software update.
Once installed properly, it is a good smart thermostat. The thermostat once installed works well. It wad a little challenging ti set it up once installed as no set up instructions provided. Needed to get help from Nest technical staff.
I guess the third gen is probably better! It was easy to set up for I should have gotten this one a long time ago. But I waited. I guess the third gen is probably better!It was easy to set up for. There was several videos online which are 6-7 minutes long that go through the installation process.I had to call Nest Support the next day because I have heatpump at home, so the wiring is a little different. After a few minutes of research after I sent them the pictures of my old thermostat's wiring and the new one, they advised me to move one cable to a different terminal (I had one going to the * terminal for heatpump/special connection), they advised me to move it to the O/B terminal.
Easy Install and money saver so far The install was very straight forward. I went to the Nest site and checked compatibility and they have me the wiring diagram for my unit before I ordered. It arrived and it was an easy install. Very good menu and setup. Connected to internet with no issue. Maybe if you have dual heating units or some more complicated system it might be different but mine was easy squeezy. Installed the app.. created my account... done.Our thermostat was old and I had quit trying to schedule the heat/cooling long ago.. and then if you decided to stay home or whatever you had to mess with it.. then it would get screwed up .. aaaand there you go. It would also turn the heat on and off.. on and off - just poor and out of dateThis is SO easy to switch to away and it is warming the house when you walk in... and I can see the impact on the app... I anticipate a greatly reduced heating bill - and cooling bill in the summer.
Five Stars Excellent product!
It works great. I love how it learns our schedule It works great. I love how it learns our schedule, and I love being able to control it from my phone when we deviate from our usual schedule. I also enjoy that you can see how many minutes in each day your heat was on. I haven't had it long enough yet to see any big changes in my heat bill, but we just got the $100 rebate from our power company.
Great product, but terrible, terrible customer service. Great product, but terrible, terrible customer service. They don't have a concept of how to treat the customer well. I purchased this product, and installed it myself. It failed to work with my HVAC system, although it was not in Nest's incompatibility list. After contacting and following up multiple times, I was given the contacts of Nest Pro professional. I contacted some of them. One was pretty responsive, and he suggested that he would be able to make it work for me. He also suggested that the installation expense is usually reimbursed by Nest in such cases. When contacted (and followed up multiple times) Nest support to confirm it, they asked me to contact their senior engineer. I spoke to him, and he said Nest won't reimburse the installation charges. When asked, he admitted that in some cases, they reimburse, but not in my case. I was not given any explanation why. Overall, it seemed like they were too self-absorbed and do-not-care-about-my-customer type. Very unhappy with the way I was treated, I decided to return. They remained very indifferent to my decision, not even trying a bit to retain their customer. Very blunt people!
Do yourself a favor and buy it! Absolutely phenomenal.. should have bought one a long time ago. Don't forget to look into rebates from your energy company..cut my price in half. Bought a second for basement zone. If your on the fence...do it. Installation is a piece of cake... anyone can do this. Already watching my energy use drop.
As a profesional hvac installer I would recommend against this thermostat As a profesional hvac installer I would recommend against this thermostat. All were supplied by the end use and have now installed about 10 of these over the past 2 years. Today i got a call for one that went blank. This is now the 4th one that has failed in the last year. All of them have had different issues but they are just not reliable. Glad that we had not been selling or promoting these thermostats due to them being soo faulty. When they do what they are supposed to they are great! Just dont seem to last.
I switched it out with a simple Honeywell thermostat and everything was fine. Nest customer service is terrible and they failed ... After 5 months the device broke and blamed my hvac system. I switched it out with a simple Honeywell thermostat and everything was fine. Nest customer service is terrible and they failed to fix my issue or send me a new device. I won't ever be buying nest products again.
Five Stars I love this addition to our home.
Five Stars Great. Love my nest
I hate to hate this thermostat I hate to hate this thermostat. I am in the trade of HVAC controls. Installed the Nest and it worked great until two months out of warranty. On the coldest night of the year it decided to get stuck in cooling mode on my heat pump unit. Seems the relay used for the reversing valve that I think is located on the sub base got stuck closed. I spoke with tech support, reset the stat with no fix. Nest would not sell me a new sub base. Offered a small discount on a replacement. I was going to try there smoke detector but have decided to go another direction.
Five Stars GREAT SERVICE! GREAT PRODUCT!
Great product! Great product. Had some difficulty installing but after about one hour on the internet searching figured out the wiring.
you’ll like it. 4 stars because it’s over priced Takes some getting used to, but once you do, you’ll like it. 4 stars because it’s over priced.
So much better than the E version I installed many of these in several businesses. Good software. Software app limits each site to 10 users. I wish they had a schedule for the fan-on mode as flexibly as their temperature schedule. Software only allows the fan to run every day for same time every day or not at all.
Five Stars It’s the best investment I made!
Five Stars Came on time with no damage
Pre-purchase confirmed with Nest was compatible to system. I ... Pre-purchase confirmed with Nest was compatible to system. I attempted to install myself had to call support. Once again they confirmed compatible but needed Nest installer. Installer couldn't install. Not Compatible. Was so looking forward to this product.
It's paying for itself Very easy to install (so don't pay for installation) and works great. Eco setting saves money without you doing anything. Also, qualified for a $100 rebate from my utility company, so don't let the price scare you off. Works well with Wink 2 hub and Amazon Echo.
Excellent! Great product Excellent! Great product. Easy to install
Temperature wars with a robot! I hate this stupid thing. It's supposed to "learn" how we like the temp, but instead I feel like I'm fighting with a ghost over the control. It will randomly set the AC down to 70, I'll either hear it kick on or feel cold, I'll change it to 75 via the app. And an hour later I'll hear it kick on again set to 70°. It always around the time we don't need it set that low (2pm on a Tuesday). I'll change it 3 times before it finally leaves it. I'm frustrated and I'm sure it's costing more money for our energy bill. I keep wanting to like it, but time after time it doesn't live up to expectations.
Its a nice product to have to control your a/c either with ... Its a nice product to have to control your a/c either with the phone app or alexa.......sometimes alexa loses comunication with it,Its nice to set the a/c before getting home si it it’s confortable upon my arrival
Five Stars It is very easy to install with 20min. Clear introduction, looks amazing.
great remote access once you get the hang of this unit it is a dream to set up and to use. great remote access. a bit unconventional in that the face doesn't always show the temperature but as soon as you approach the unit the display springs to life. not the cheapest unit on the market, but it is a great product worth the investment.
So far so great, thinking about updating the wiring So far so great, thinking about updating the wiring. ( installing all the wires originally used) Took longer to install. Some mounting issues. ulclear input for wifi setup, but doable. Automaically sets the temp after about 3 or 4 days of manual adjustments. Very good unit.
Five Stars This this is awesome. Already saved money
Five Stars we love it! and it saves energy
NOT easy to install... What SEEMS simple based on their website and reviews turns out to not be the case. After an hour of of struggle and a few days of “kinda working” ( which I chalked up to it ‘learnimg’ )... turns out was a farce. It was kit connected correctly and was making my furnace click on and off repeatedly.After an hour long chat with their support - I’m told my 2 year old ( so basically new ) furnace is ‘not compatible’, despite taking their online quiz before purchase. Their suggestion??! “Sell your Nest or buy a new furnace that’s compatible.” (No joke) Uhhhhh. I’m not buying a new $2,500 furnace to get your crappy piece of software to work-sorry Mr. Nest.Moral? I’m out $500+ including installation and now need a new thermostatSometimes what is proported is be ‘easy and simple’ is the polar opposite.Beware and do your research!!!!
Five Stars Love these! Easy to install, easy to network. Great price for the product.
WARNING: The Nest compatibility guide is misleading I am not that handy, particularly with anything that requires electrical wiring, but after another dad described the Nest as “idiot-proof”, i went online and started to research. The online Nest guide to determine compatibility with my existing Honeywell thermostat was particularly helpful, with a 3-minute video, that shows you how to determine if the Nest should work. I listed the 5 wires that i saw on my existing thermostat, and then was told that the Nest was compatible. My primary aim in replacing the Honeywell was to have something tied in to my WiFi, that i could monitor remotely, and receive a warning if the temperature of the house had fallen (we live in New England, and got particularly nervous this winter when the temperature plunged in late December, while we were away). I bought the Nest, and as advertised, it was very easy to install, and it worked, and still works well. It also has a slick, clean design, and the online app is easy to use, so i was a happy customer. Until last weekend (it has been working for about 3 weeks now), when i saw another dad that had installed one, and said that he had a problem with his Nest, associated with the amount of power it was drawing. This feedback made me nervous. Then i was in my basement, and i heard what sounded like short circuit sounds at my boiler. There is an electrical box that was clicking, sending signals to the boiler, and the boiler itself was then clicking, and not turning on. I thought that the heat might be off completely, as one of the zones seemed to be calling for heat, and the boiler seemed unable to turn on. Eventually it did turn on, but i could tell that something in the wiring was wrong. We called a contractor over, and it turns out the Nest needs a common wire, I think because the Nest draws a lot of power? I don’t totally understand the issue with the Nest, but after a $300 repair bill, and the addition of a sixth wire, a common wire, the Nest seems like it should work now. However, the online compatibility guide absolutely did not say anything about needing a sixth wire! I think this is wildly false advertising, and with Nest owned by Google, i would expect more/better. I had placed an order for a second Nest, which i just cancelled. Evidently there is a Honeywell model, RTH9580, which ties into Wifi, and can be monitored online, without this power issue. I’m so disappointed, and hope that other people don’t make the same mistake that i made.
Works ok, but doesn't integrate with SmartThings As a smart thermostat, it does what it's supposed to, and the learning aspect is reasonably helpful. Basically, rather than having to manually set up a schedule, you just kind of turn it to the temperature you want it at manually for the first couple of days to a week, and the thermostat figures out your routine from there.That being said, I use Samsung SmartThings as my smart home hub, and the nest really doesn't integrate with SmartThings at all. It's really disappointing the Google folks over at Nest don't want to play nice with Samsung, and if I had a chance to redo my smart thermostat purchase I'd have opted for the ecobee4 instead.
Make sure you can contact someone who knows how to program this thing before you purchase it! I hate this product! I had Solar panels installed and they replaced my thermostat . It has been a total nightmare! Called Nest there are no technicians to walk you through the programming. The nest is located in my kitchen which happens to be the coldest room in the house. The upper floor is burning up! There is at least a ten plus degree difference between floors. Have to sleep with the window open in the winter in order to breathe! This piece of crap has been a total nightmare! and the company who sells this junk is dumb as dirt, they will tell you that they don't know how to program it as well, they refer you to go on line for instructions! I advise you NOT TO PURCHASE IT! Worst mistake you will make this year!
Set this up over Christmas and think it is fantastic. It takes a little time getting used to ... Set this up over Christmas and think it is fantastic. It takes a little time getting used to but over all looks and works great.
Lots of error messages. Poor customer support after the sale. Avoid this. I've had this unit installed for about 4 months. The unit gives an error message several times each day, indicating it is not getting power from the power wire. All power has been checked and is proper for the unit. Taking the base off the wall and reseating it resets the error message. When I was researching causes, I found many users blogging about the same issue. Nest will not replace these units. You are left to deal with it. Not worth taking the chance your unit will be a lemon, like mine. There are other net compatible thermostats out there. Chose another.
... get report every month from nest- i would highly recommended you to buy this Its really neat to use it and big difference to save your money and see how much usages when you get report every month from nest- i would highly recommended you to buy this :)
Very simple installation process! Arrived promptly in appropriate packaging. REALLY EASY installation. Easy and (almost) fun to operate...
Opulence, I now have it. Gone are the days of having to self motivate myself to adjust the air while watching TV on my flat screen. Works so well and is a great conversational piece while I have people over for cocktail parties. It's a little pricey, but you can't put a price on opulence.
One Star Cheap white plastic cover
Four Stars Very good
Great Thermostat Great tool for adjusting thermostat and monitoring temps while away. Installed easily.
... have or are planning to make your house a smart house then you need one of these thermostats If you have or are planning to make your house a smart house then you need one of these thermostats!! Came in a very nice box and extremely clear directions on how to install it and set it up (There was even a screwdriver in the box!) took me about 15 min to install and another 10 to set it up to the wifi and set all my preferences. It has a built in rechargeable battery incase the power goes out and I cant stress enough how much money I have saved since installing it. You can control it from your phone while you are away from the house and it will automatically sense when you are not home and set your temperature to a economical setting saving you money! There are a lot of options out there for smart thermostats and mabye even some cheaper ones but this is a well built device with more features and easier to use than the others.
Five Stars A+++
Five Stars LOVE THIS!! Easy to install!
Seems like a nice thermostat Seems like a nice thermostat, but I ended up returning it and got the Ecobee for its features. The ecobee has better integration for Smartthings.
SO easy to install. Took me 10 minutes. This thermostat is incredible. I am so happy it was easy to install. I previously tried the Ecobee 4, but discovered I couldn’t use it because I didn’t have a C-Wire in my setup. Nest works differently. It recharges its battery when it runs the system. Now I can turn off my AC when I’m away and save on my energy bills.
but never could find one I really liked or wanted to mess with I've been looking at wifi connected thermostats for several years, but never could find one I really liked or wanted to mess with. The Nest was on that list for a long time. We have an odd schedule that changes frequently, so I was afraid the "learning" would be tough to get set in. I learned you can set a schedule with the Nest, but then the price was a hangup. Like several other things I finally broke down and shelled out the money and wish I had done it sooner. So many great features about the Nest, but the iPhone and iPad apps may be my favorites. Our weather can change drastically in short periods of time. It is not unusual to use the ac at bedtime, but want the heater in the morning. Now I can roll over, grab my phone or iPad and have the house warm before getting out of bed in the morning. I also like the energy use tracker aspect of the app. Great to see how the weather and personal choices can greatly influence energy use. This is a great product.
Amazing thermostat. This NEST Learning Generation 3 thermostat surprises ... Amazing thermostat. This NEST Learning Generation 3 thermostat surprises (in a good way) everyday. We are now in week 3 and are still discovering some of its capabilities.We were replacing an 11 year old "dumb" SimpleComfort 2200; dumb but a true workhorse.Installation hiccups:1) The Widget Wiring diagram was incorrect. If we had followed that diagram's layout we would have been without auxiliary heat strips. A quick call to NEST support caught the Widget error. Basically, the correction was to a move wire from the W1 to W2 Auxiliary.CAVEAT: TAKE A PHOTO of your ORIGINAL thermostat wiring!! You wil be glad that you did.2) NEST seems very proud of the fact that it does not need/use jumpers. This is true if your jumper is bridging R to Rh. However, the "no jumper" feature does not include any other jumper settings. In our case we had a jumper bridging W2 to E (Emergency Heat) - see attached photo. Result? We no longer have the Manual Emergency Heat option. While this is disappointing, we could not think of a time when we ever used Manual Emergency Heat. Manual Emergency Heat is not Auxiliary Heat (heat strips). From what we have learned Manual Emergency Heat is a feature most useful in the higher latitudes. We live at the beach in North Carolina so it is not an issue for us.We called NEST support concerning this issue. They researched possible solutions. Unfortunately, the only fix is to run a separate wire from the air handler Manual Emergency Heat connection to the NEST * input. In our case, this is not practical.
The fact that the thermostat goes to ECO mode when we leave the home. Love our NEST. Only problem was when we had it installed, there was no instruction manual, and we wanted to set up a schedule BEFORE Nest figured out how we liked our home heated/cooled. Setting up a simple daily schedule took some time without an instruction manual. Now that it's up and running, we love it. It goes into ECO mode when we are both out of the home, and turns back on JUST BEFORE we get home. Great thermostat. Looks good too. Lights up with the temperature that it's set to every time we walk passed it.
Awesome! Still haven't installed it, but from what I heard and seen, it is a great product that really does save you money!
A very SLOW learner! I'm sitting here freezing, as I do most days since we replaced our easily programmable Honeywell thermostat (which also worked well with our two-stage solar/oil home heating system) with this awful Nest. If you don't constantly walk back and forth in front of the Nest, it decides no one is home and begins dropping the heat to the nighttime setting. As I work in my office at a computer, it is inconvenient to keep interrupting my work and going to another part of the house to dance in front of the Nest to remind it of my existence. Also the Nest cannot seem to call first on our solar heat, so we are burning more oil than before. If this is a "learning" thermostat, it is darn slow learner. I'd rather it just did what I asked it to. Oh, for the Honeywell back again!!
must have if you have amazon Alexa I had a wi-fi thermostate and replaced it this nest, what a difference, I would definitely recommend it and if you have amazon Alexa then it is a must. it really learns you setting and adjust the temperature accordingly, specially when you leave your home
Great product to advance a home Such an easy product to install and great quality! We love that we can control it from our phones and with our whole home setup now. Great price at the time too!
Five Stars Easy install and works well
Nest thermostats do not have a set/hold function to manually ... Nest thermostats do not have a set/hold function to manually override the auto scheduling feature. This is a huge problem when wanting to set at a certain temperature and hold at that point for special occasions and unusual weather.
This is my third Nest Thermostat I have 3 zones in my house and now all 3 have a Nest. I like how easy the are to set up and install. The app make setting up the schedule easy as well. I had an issue with my boiler shutting down while gone over Christmas. Without the Nest informing me of the low temperature, I would have returned to frozen or burst pipes and a cold home!! Great product!
Must have! Love our Nests! They are a MUST for monitoring your ac/heater.
Really happy We’re very happy with the nest. Our old thermostat was not responsive so it took constant adjustment to maintain a comfortable temp. The Nest learns your preferences and responds, the house is comfortable and I don’t have to think about it.
Had a Nest when I lived in NJ and loved it. It was connected to forced hot air ... Had a Nest when I lived in NJ and loved it. It was connected to forced hot air and AC. I've had this only one week. It's connected to electric heat-No AC. So far so good. Very easy to connect to WiFi and program.
Very cool. Probably gonna get one for myself Bought as a gift for my parents because they want mor things to work with Alexa. Very cool. Probably gonna get one for myself.
i really like this. easy i have to admit, i really like this. easy install
Easy install. Purchased as a gift and my newly wed Granddaughter loves it. She found it easy to install and program.
I like the thermostat however I like the thermostat however, it keeps turning itself up and down when I’m home and even when I’m not at home every day the weekI called the support phone number and got a very cocky assistant to help me that wouldn’t let me finish a sentence wouldn’t listen to what I had to say and became rude to me over the phone so I hung upI’m going to return thermostat today
Five Stars Easy install and works very well.
Highly Recommended Great Product Great product overall! Can set the nest from your smartphone and easily change the temperature even when away from home. Perfect for people on the go or simply to have the convenience of upgraded technology. Nest product also gives feedback on usage and recommendations on where to move your thermostat based on the usage report. Perfect for any household.
Five Stars Love my nest, best purchase of 2017
Three Stars Works great, just didn't mention all the scratches on the face
Five Stars Easy to install and easy to use with great app.
Five Stars Easy to install, easy to use, easy to manage. Good reporting mechanism.
Work great now that wire correctly Followed instructions but had trouble getting thermostats wire correctly ( They were controlling each other ) because of two thermostats in house. Help assist took longer than should to figured out that wire needed installed differently (3 hrs ) which I figured before I the called. Work great now that wire correctly.
Not a new unit. Buyer beware. I was shipped an obviously opened device. It was very dirty and the screen was scratched. Not exactly what you expect when you pay $200 for a thermostat. I'm sure that this issue is with the seller. Nest would never let a scratched screen out of it's plant. I suggest avoiding AOYJW.
Five Stars seems to work well so far. Waiting to see if it saves me money.
Home assist is spotty at best. This is not what i would consider "smart" ... First month after having Nest my heating bill was the highest in 2 years. The Eco temperatures are set so far from the norm by default that the furnace had to work overtime to get the temperature back up. Home assist is spotty at best. This is not what i would consider "smart" as all the decisions are still left to you and it cost me $ the first month. Also had to figure out how to get it to work well with a standard At&t router. I called Nest support first, they actually preferred that i try to go through Amazon then standing behind their product. No idea that there is a known issue with their equipment and some routers. Then i called AT&T they fixed it in about 5 min. Nest is weak as hell. I might see if i can sell mine and get an Ecobee.
Five Stars Great instructions on the installation and wasn't hard to get going
GET THIS THERMOSTAT, you WILL NOT be disappointed! I am so happy with this thing I cant even tell you! It was super easy to install with the instruction on their website and linked right up with my ECHO in a blink. I absolutely LOVE being able to tell my Alexa to increase or decrease the heat without getting up or out of bed. It learned the patterns of our heat use quickly and now does everything on its own so I don't even have to think about it. I LOVE LOVE LOVE being part of the 21st Century and easy to use high-tech devices like this keep me from feeling like an old codger.
NEST STANDS BEHIND THEIR PRODUCTS The replacement has been in operation for 30 days now. So far so good with ease and convenience of the use.
There is no clear information of the product. I ... There is no clear information of the product. I bought 2 with the intention to use in Argentina an it seems I needed to buy the european version since the american one in not compatible. Them I have tried to buy the heat link (accessory to adapt which is provide in the european version but Nest does not sell separate. I contact several times Nest and they say they do not support sales through Amazon.
excellent customer service Nest Customer service spent over an hour via chat helping me to ensure that I could get the thermostat to work. I had a extra wire that they validated wasn't necessary. Had I just followed the online tool, I would have returned it since online I was told the Nest was incompatible with my Rheem system. One hour invested and it's working like a champ!
The. Coldest day of the year... ... The. Coldest day of the year ...it failed....I had to put on my old thermostat to save from freezing and damage . I received a replacement in a timely fashion but I'm not going back to it to try until spring when it is safe
Does It Learn? Not convinced the thermostat learns your preferences - followed instructions to make manual changes over the first 2 weeks, found that even after that period it was not making the change automatically that I had been making daily during the learning period. Otherwise the aesthetic is good and easy to use. Tough to say whether its improved my energy bills due to seasonal change.
Don't Trust the compatibility checker. The compatibility checker told me that it would work with 2 wires. Not true after hours on the phone with tech support found that I needed a control wire. luckily I had a 3rd wire that was not used. After connecting the wire no problem.
It could use better set up instructions. Tech help is excellent. Works great. It’s being used on a vacation home with electric heat, I put the heat up before my 82 mile ride and it’s comfortable when I get there.
... set back when I'm not home is what I like best, but also the part that gets me ... The set back when I'm not home is what I like best, but also the part that gets me in trouble with me kids if I leave and forget to reset the temp.
Five Stars Juts love it!
Our thermostat works great! It was easy to install Our thermostat works great! It was easy to install, and simple to link to your phone. It has helped us keep track of our heat usage so far!
It was very easy to install and is simple and convenient to use I’ve had this for a year and a half and have never had any issues with it. It was very easy to install and is simple and convenient to use. It has saved money as advertised. I highly recommend this thing.
Five Stars love it, works well and looks stylish. Very easy to operate
LIVIN IN THE FUTURE BABY. If you don't have a Nest yet, you're not living your best life. We also have the echo dot thingies that sink with the Nest so that's been helpful.GET WITH THE FUTURE PEOPLE!!!
Do not buy Nest products I'd give this a zero stars if I could. We bought a Nest & had trouble hooking it up to the humidifier. Nest sent someone out who couldn't figure it out. We called a local guy then who called Nest & they said that it was a faulty sub base. They sent a new one. The local guy came back & hooked it up. Nest would not reimburse us for the cost of calling our own person even when they couldn't fix it. Worst customer service ever. Do not buy this product. It's not an easy install.
Nice upgrade A great product, that should decrease my energy consumption. The home / away feature is very nice. I never leave the furnace on by mistake now.
Nice and easily view able interface, can control via mobile app and Alexa! While our original thermostat worked just fine, it used 6 point font size and it was just about impossible to read the text on it...Got our new Nest installed by a friend who is electrician. However, watching him do it, it was clear I could have done it myself. Pretty easy...As a technical nerd, I had not trouble configuring the device, programming it and connecting it to our Alexa.The Nest is supposed to be capable of learning our habits, but I did not test that feature because we have such a varied schedule that I was afraid it would not work. Also, I could not find any details on how Next learns. For example, if we get up at 6:30AM, will the next turn the heat on at 6AM or at 6:30?Anyway, I ended up setting up a simple schedule, with the ability to tweak the temperature from my smart phone or via Alexa at any time.So far, we are enjoying the new toy...
The smartest "smart device" in my smart home so far. Love. This. Thing! My son has been urging me to purchase this for my home and I finally broke down and committed to one. It was a little awkward setting this up for use with a Nexia bridge, but once connected; it works brilliantly. The build quality is impressive, and I don't think I've ever encountered a product with such thorough documentation to aid in DIY installation. I wouldn't imagine anyone having too much difficulty installing this unless they were connecting it to a very old Air Conditioning system. After a month of use, it is now beginning to make changes to the aair handler based on what it's learned so far and I'm impressed!. I finally don't have to remember to switch modes on the AC during those weird times here in south Louisiana when you run the cooling during the day and heat at night. And I expect it will help the electric bill because it shifts to ECO mode when it senses I've left the house. Why didn't I buy this sooner...
Five Stars WORKS GREAT AND DEFINITELY CAN SAVE MONEY IF YOU USE THE ECO MODE.
Five Stars Best purchase ever! Knows my schedule and regulates the temperature while saving me money! Love that I can heat my home before I get home, however most the time it already knows!
Another tech company with ZERO customer service Worst customer service of all time. Product worked fine for a year, until just after the warranty period (of course!). Then started acting extremely erratically - jumping to 85 degrees in the middle of the night so we would wake up sweating, falling to 50 degrees while we were home in the middle of the winter, etc. The dial on the Nest would not work at all, so we could not control manually, only via our smartphones. We tried reinstating to factory default several times, with no luck. My husband called customer service only to talk to the dumbest person for 20 minutes (she could not understand basic descriptions of our problem and asked the same questions again and again). I called another day and spent over an hour on the phone with 3 people - a call intaker, basic engineer, and advanced engineer. Each person had to take down the SAME info (product id numbers, login names, etc) so obviously the company is not set up to handle customer service issues. Both the basic engineer and the advanced engineer confirmed that the issue was 100% a Nest product problem (i.e. no user issues, we did not damage product, etc) but refused to replace equipment due to warranty policy. No way would I recommend anything from this company.
So far so good. Very convenient device So far so good. Very convenient device. I love how it can be controller via Google Home Mini. No more going upstairs to turn the AC on, I just tell the Google Home Mini to set the temperature to whatever value I want. So basically you shout at the Mini and it turns the Nest on.
A thermostat that doesn't do the most basic of things...turn the heat on reliably. GarbageI really can't say enought bad things about my experience with the product. It was my first experience with a "smart" thermostat and it worked...pretty well. It changed temps over wifi just fine...the auto away mode was nice but also could be a pain. It is not very configurable so if you like to have your ECO temp low you are going to arrive to a VERY cold house with no configuration options.I worked around some of these options by using stringify and IFTTT and that helped quite a bit.The big problem came when I found that my furnace was throwing an error code 11. Basically what would happen is the inducer motor turned on, the HSI came on but then as soon as the gas valve was opened the system shut down and started over. This would only occur on occasion but was sometimes so bad that it would cause the system to cycle 5 times and lockout.I troubleshot this problem buying replacement parts and when I couldn't figure it out had a tech visit three times. The conclusion? The Nest wasn't holding the call for heat always past the opening of the gas valve. The tech controlled the heat call bypassing the thermostat to verify this. Because I liked the product overall and didn't want to change products on the wall I bought another one. Same problem.Obviously not everyone has this issue. I have a newer furnace (95% efficient Lennox) and maybe it's just an issue with this particular model. However, what I do know is that I've tried four thermostats and only ONE has had an issue. That is the Nest.For a premium product it sure doesn't do the most basic thing. Because no errors were reported on the Nest I'm out $400 in repair bills to diagnose this problem to the thermostat.Personally...if you want a smart thermostat get an Ecobee. It has many more configuration options that really create a much smarter experience. Plus it actually works.When I called Nest they had the audacity to claim that if I would have called them first they could have fixed the issue. Two Nests didn't fix the issue...three HVAC techs didn't fix the issue...replacing the NEST FIXED THE ISSUE. They are denying me any coverage of my service claims because when my house was cold because the heat didn't turn on I didn't call Nest first and instead called a furnace company.I have never been so disgusted with a product.
One Star Does not work with Carrier Infinity
Excellent product! Excellent product!! Easy to install and great application to manage. The webpage helps a lot to manage the schedule and set the temperatures.I recommended a lot!!
Bad sensor/screen on arrival Bad sensor/screen on arrival, kept rebooting and worked only intermittently and very weak customer service. Company won't service or warranty their own product, just suggest returning to Amazon. Thermostat is a critical pice of equipment, something this unreliable upon delivery gives me little confidence in the product or the company behind it. Disappointing !
Nothing but headaches...and a hot house. I honestly hate this thing at this point. Bought it while trying to convert the house over to smart devices and this is the worst one I have purchased yet. While typing this the device died once again. Because that's something that can happen now, your perfectly fine thermostat and got just stop working and allow the house to run its temperature out of control. Since purchasing this thing a few months ago it's been all downhill. The first couple months it worked fine, connected to the internet, allowed my phone to control it, everything it was marketed for then it all went to hell. The device stopped connecting to the internet, then stopped the app of course (no internet connection means it cant be accessed by the app)and now months later its just slowly dieing on the daily. I have tried all the troubleshooting steps on Nest's website, tried contacting customer support all to no avail. I have a new router now (mind you the original router worked fine with it for months), and still no luck no connection, no support, no thermostat. I promise you there are better devices out there if you really need something like this but to be honest for me (I am aware of all the postive reviews, I must have bad luck) I dont need this, I regret purchasing it, and would highly recommend against it.
wonderful love it easy to setup
Five Stars Extremely simple to install and practically programmed itself!!!
Sure, it's handy, but.. A so-called "smart thermostat" that keep the summer schedule long into the winter and cannot be told to replace it even if you manually clear the schedule and enter a new one (it will just keep adding backtemperature ranges from your previous schedule), is a bad joke.And no, having to factory reset anything is never a solution. When you suggest that for anything, all you're saying is your product is ridiculously bad.
Nice color Bought this to replace my first Nest that stopped working
Very good thermostat. The best in the market Very good thermostat. The best in the market. This is the fourth one I bought, which was a gift for my in-laws. I own three in my house, two zone heating and one for the central air. They all work great!
A MUST have for anyone! I'm head over heels for this thermostat. I installed it myself and it took no time at all. I did do a little prep work the day before that took all of 5 minutes. Luckily, my wiring already included a common wire to supply the thermostat with constant power and I just had to connect that wire to the actual furnace.I did buy a fancy metal wall plate, but opted for the white trim plate that comes with the nest. The fancy metal trim plate was not what I expected.The actual install took 7 minutes, the programming and setting up the Wi-Fi and my preferences took another 15 minutes or so.I have been a little obsessed with watching the heat status while away from home, but my gas bill will thank me!
Great Looking and has tremendous functionality. Better than I expected; looks great and is easy to install, works remotely and has more features than I initially understood. We run two Nest thermostats, one upstairs and one downstairs. It's really great to be able to check and control temperatures remotely plus the monthly performance tracking is really informative.
Horrible interface, and doesn't work I am very disappointed in the nest. We were very excited to be able to control our thermostat from our phones and use the learning technology to automatically adjust the temp in our home.From the first moment we put in on the wall, we had a horrible experience. Its attempts at being easy to use actually introduce a lot of frustration. For example, you use the ring around the end to scroll to various options and enter letters/numbers for configuration. It tries to be 'smart' and enter the number you stop on even though you haven't pushed the button to select it, which is unexpected and results in you entering letters twice. However, it doesn't do it every time, about half the time, which makes it even more confusing. To make matters worse for us, it restarted 4 times while we were trying to enter the setup information, and lost ALL the information we had so painstakingly entered every time.Once we got it configured, we thought we were set. However, once the nest turned our furnace on, it didn't turn it back off again. It kept the furnace running for hours until our house was 7 degrees warmer than we had set it on the thermostat. Even turning it off didn't work. We had to physically remove it from the wall before the furnace would shut off. This happened 4 times.We tried everything because we really wanted it to work, but in the end had to come to terms with the fact that the nest is in fact, a POS. Don't waste your money.
Needed independent power supply ! Used this to replace an old 2 wire heat only mercury wall thermostat. The first nest thermostat was faulty and would not charge even on a cell phone charger. Honeywell chat support took a while, but diagnosed it and sent a new one to replace it.No C wire was present at the old thermostat and although I ran one, the second nest would not keep power for a whole day and would lose wi fi in the mornings. Frustrating !! I think I actually needed to run 2 wires so that the C had consistent grounding. Despite Honeywell and the furnace maker declaring it would not work on our system, i just tried a plug in 24V ac power supply (300ma) that I had on hand and the problem was solved at once!Then remembered that is what i did previously on another Honeywell wi fi thermostat (although that needed an additional switching 24v/120v switching relay also).
Small and Big things Small and Big things: The Nest Thermostat on a Mighty Wall. Welcome Home.
Great product. Think I'll get their cameras too. Good software. I'd trust them enough to get more items. A bit pricey though... Especially since they're probably data mining you.
So far so good. I was hesitant but setup was pretty easy So far so good. I was hesitant but setup was pretty easy. No need for electrician. Take a pic of your wires beforehand!Works well with the app...need to “add” the thermostat after you setup the mobile app. Home is just your profile.Usually about a minute delay before Mobile request to actual heater coming on (we have very fast WiFi). That would be only complaint so far but not that big of a deal.
It’s neat and shiny, but it doesn’t last. It’s a great idea and works well, until it doesn’t. My sub base G connection shorted out after six years, and all I was offered was a discount for a replacement unit which they never emailed me. I know six years doesn’t seem terrible, but considering a mechanical unit for $50 can last several decades it makes me shy away from the Nest. After doing some research I discovered I’m not the only one with problem and the solution was always the same “here’s a discount go buy a new one” why doesn’t nest just offer a replacement base for this known issue? I would’ve been happy with that I would even pay for it since it was out of warranty. $200 dollars (climbing every year as all things do) every few years is not my idea of efficient. I guess that’s the problem with new ideas that don’t have a history. The reviews are always great because the bugs haven’t had time to crawl out. Back to the old style thermostat for me. I’ll save the up front cost and just accept that I’ll have to lose a second out of my day sliding the thermostat before I leave and when I get home.
Just what I need If I forget to turn the heat or air off (which is always) I don’t have to worry as this little thing has my back!
Five Stars Very happy with this product!
Five Stars Easy to install and setupEveryone should have one.........this IS the future
It’s also nice that you can control this thermostat from your cell ... It’s been a week now since I installed this nest and I can tell you this, this thermostat is a must have!! I purchased 2 of them, to replace 2 old digital ones, and it took me about 30 minutes or less to install each one, very simple and instructions are very clear. Both of them took about a week to learn our patterns and automatically setups up schedule for us. Obviously I had to manually tweak a little bit the nest schedule to adjust it to our liking. Nest was able to sense when we were not home and put the all house in eco temperature and when one us was home, nest was able to resume its normal schedule. Both nest thermostats are linked to our individual cell phones to take advantage of the geofencing feature and detect whether we were home, at school or work. It’s also nice that you can control this thermostat from your cell phone, from anywhere as long as you have an internet connection. I really love my nests and I can’t wait to see the energy savings
LOVE IT Wow, so easy to use the Nest app as well. I love being able to set my thermostat on the way home from work - from my phone. Also being able to see what it's currently set at while im away from home to make sure no one runs up the bills when im not around!!! LOVE IT
Five Stars Had no idea it was going to be this good. love this
I love using the Nest I love using the Nest. Have one upstairs and one downstairs. Installation was quick and easy and it programmed itself quickly. Looks great too. I have no complaints at all.
Five Stars Very much easier to use and easy to set up I'm very pleased with The Nest learning thermostat
One Star The item was broken, I have to send it to NEST for a replacement.
Poorly produced I received my Nest Thermostat, when I went to screw in the base plate where you plug in the cables and screwed the screw right through the plate and broke it.Now I don't know if I am really strong or if the materials of the base plate were just super weak.But now my thermostat isn't working.
Five Stars easy install
Great even for simple system I've a very simple system, just a gas-fired boiler and two wires to a one-zone thermostat. One might think this device is overkill, but I think it's great. The ability to use my iPhone App is super useful and the Nest's learning is even better. The "copper" looks great in my craftsman-bungalow home.
Any one have problems with the fan not shutting off ... Any one have problems with the fan not shutting off? Ever since I installed this, I can't get the fan to shut off. There is a huge Facebook thread on this. Nest has no idea what to do.
Easy to install and sync w the app Easy to install and sync w the app. Haven’t owned it long enough to be able to comment on the energy savings yet.
Easily installed after watching the video I will buy another one for my second unit. Got this on sale around Thanksgiving and is living to my expectations. Easily installed after watching the video.
Poor App Updates Make Nest Unuable Updates to the app are terrible, and make the app basically unusable. While it is a great product in theory, the app updates render it ineffective and impossible to use. Support staff is also unhelpful in resolving the issue. Would not buy again.
Five Stars Easy to install, looks great. Works great. Especially like the wireless function.
Easy install Exactly what I expected! arrived very quickly and was extremely easy to install and set up. I wish I had ordered this product first! About a week ago I ordered a “used but like new” Nest 1st gen thermostat and paid $189. Upon arrival I found the face screen was cracked and the dial intermittently worked making the setup difficult and nearly impossible. I should have spent the extra $11 and got this, 3rd generation thermostat in the first place! The 3rd gen is staying and the 1st gen is being returned.
Four Stars I like the convenience of them...wish there were more color options
One Star Thefts stole my money
Consider others before paying for this. Okay, so first I will say that although I had a lot of issues, they seem to finally be resolved. I am laying out these issues and the solution that I found in hopes that maybe someone else won't be as frustrated as I was.First, I have an electric heating system with heat pump/heat strips. I am not an HVAC professional but I have successfully wired a thermostat at my old home without much issue. This thing, was far from easy. I have one thermostat downstairs and one upstairs, both different zones on the same system.I wired the downstairs thermostat and everything seemed to be good. I based it on the wiring diagram I got online from the Nest website. I wired the one upstairs and same thing. I thought it was fine. Seemed to click on and off when i adjusted it. That was until I went to bed. I woke up to temps way higher than what the thermostat was set to. The highest at one point in the morning was 78 degrees! This was from the from the 67 it was set to. I knew something must be wrong and I tried to switch it off...but it didn't respond. I did a hard reset and it finally went off. I called nest and sat on hold for a very long time. When I finally got someone I got as far as telling them the problem, then I got disconnected. I called back, more time on hold, explain again. I went through 45 mins of troubleshooting and the rep finally said she thought the Y terminal was bad and to return/exchange it. I took it off the wall, but had to leave. After thinking about it, I realized what the problem must be. The downstairs thermostat had a wire in the wrong place. The signal wasn't being sent from the upstairs thermostat, but from a wire downstairs. Since I have a heat pump, W should have been in the OB spot. I figured this out, rewired it, and so far for the last 24 hours all has been good.Aside from that, it works well as it is supposed to. The temp is accurate, the system responds quickly to it, and the look of it (although bigger than expected) is not bad. I mainly bought this because I am away from the house a lot. I want to be able to use my phone to control it. I also have Nest Protects, and this is supposed to work in conjunction with those in case of smoke or CO2. Overall though, the tech support was crap and the "ease of installation" was anything but easy. So buyer beware, if you don't know what you are doing, you should probably get someone who does to install it for you. Would I buy it again? Probably not. I have had the Honeywell wireless thermostat in my old house and it was far easier to install and use. Hopefully this helps someone. I don't find it to be worth the 250 I paid for each of them at Lowes.
Five Stars We are very happy with this product!
Four Stars Met expectations.
Great product Love it. Easy. Works like charm. Help to install from nest was great
Wonderful thermostat The Nest is wonderful. It is easy to install and works very well in our weather.
It's very easy to intuit and manipulate A lot of thought went into the user interface. It's very easy to intuit and manipulate.
Fairly easy to install Am really enjoying the Gen 3. Fairly easy to install. Set up is fairly intuitive and it also guides you through. Love being able to control climate while away. Only complaint is that I was unable to connect Alexa to it despite following all instructions. Many others complained of the same.
So far so good I had an old thermostat, probably like 10 years old and it was so difficult to use. I was choosing between the Nest or the EcoBee. After extensive research I decided to buy the Nest thermostat. I actually bought it at Kohl's, not Amazon. The installation was super easy to install, took me around 10 to 15 minutes. I spent more time reading the instructions than actually installing. Once installed, it was a quick step by step guide on connecting it to the wi-fi and then downloading the app from my phone where I can then control the thermostat from my phone. I tested it out by turning on/off the fan and it worked. So far I have only had it for 3 days so I can't really say it's bad or fantastic, that is why I just gave it 3 stars (neutral rating). Plus I live in South Florida and the weather here has been pretty cold (between 60-75 degrees Fahrenheit) so I've had my A/C off for over 2 weeks. I'll add an additional review down the road....if I remember too.
Easy install! Very simple to install, and works great. The app is very intuitive with great programming features. Huge improvement from the old programmable thermostat
Five Stars Awesome! Can't wait to get another one.
Easy set up!!! Great product! Easy to install, easy to set up and easy to use.Asthetically, it looks really nice in the wall (have it in the hallway). It doesn't stick out and out of place. Very modern looking and should be for a long time.Using the app is a breeze. Really straight forward. It learns your habits. And you can change it if you like as well. Connecting other nest products (protect) is easy too.Customer support was excellent (online chat). Had some concerns and questions prior to purchase regarding set up as I had a very old furnace. Agent was easy to speak to and very helpful. So helpful that it made me decide on this product over the Ecobee.
Best thermostat money can buy. Love it. Period. My house would have been ruined if I did not have this. My furnace went out and if I did not see remotely that the temp was dropping in my house the pipes would have frozen. Payed for itself right there.
Wiring is the only issue ! Installed this in less then 15 minutes. Very simple and easy to do, directions are very straight forward. My only issue was a wiring issue because I was unaware if I had a conventional unit or heat pump unit. I wired it incorrectly at the beginning and it was pushing cold air when it was winter. I called in and they walked me through switching the wire over and now it works perfectly. My total time on the phone with Nest was 1 hour and 28 minutes. So if it's peak time to call I recommend waiting until off-peak hours to call. Other then that I love it !!!
Easy install, useful functions Easy install for both device and app. History is useful, it would be better if it maintained history data longer than a week. It has a very solid feel, not flimsy plastic, should last a long time. Using the App to check settings while away has come in very handy. the included plate sufficiently covered over the unit it was replacing. Scheduling was easy. Eco default settings should me customized on set up, if using eco mod (51F default low setting is too cold especially with pets).
Easy installation Great features, ergonomic design .. just plain looks cool. We switch the main display permanently to local weather. There’s a fan timer. Just plain better than the other programmable from 20 years ago that we replaced.
it works pretty well. However As a standalone thermostat, it works pretty well. However, Nest's refusal to support Apple HomeKit (which can be enabled via a firmware update now) is the reason why I'm returning this and buying an ecobee instead.
This thing is GREAT I saw this at a friends office and they said it was great so i got a new place and installed it there since it is vacation home and in an extremely hot area (Lake Havasu AZ where it regularly gets to be 120 degrees) i thought it would be nice to see what the AC system was doing before we went there, so i thought i would see how this worked and i found it to be easy to install and programming was a breeze.I connected to to my iPhone and after only a few minutes i was able to control it from anywhere... i would recommend this to anyonei am going to get them for all our homes now
Definitely recommended I used to have another Thermostat that was controlled by phone. It was good but lacked some of the integration that the Nest has with an entire home system. The Nest has been a pleasure to date after you get past some of the interesting quirks like it thought I wasn't home, even though I was.I would highly recommend a Nest to anyone who wants to be able to monitor their home while on the road
Good product. Easy to use and easy to install. Great product. Installed in about 20 minutes, form unboxing to up and running (just be sure you tuck the wire in neatly so that you can press the Nest unit to access its menus). Nice to be able to control heating and cooling from the phone. The Nest's interface is very intuitive. After about a week of using it, the Nest catches your pattern and automatically adjusts the thermostat schedule. The one thing it doe snot have that my Honeywell controller had was a fan re-circulation option. This option would kick the fan on every 10 minutes or so just t keep the air in the house moving and the heating/cooling nicely balanced. The Nest 3rd gen is a nice unit that we can recommend.
Perfect We love it, works well as intended, setup is super easy.
great product learns what temp we like and changes it ... great product learns what temp we like and changes it also when we are gone turns temp down should save money on bills
Looks great! Easy to install, it's seemes to be working fine, I really hope it saves us some money..
A three day love affair so far. Easy install A three days and still in love
The Nest Thermostat works great and is easy to schedule The Nest Thermostat works great and is easy to schedule. My son has been home from collage since I had my thermostat installed so it hasn't been able to learn a schedule.
Easy to Install; One more step to making my home a Smart Home! All good. Easy to install (took about 1/2 hour). Easy to operate. It works with my Alexa & my mobile app.
Great product, and very easy to install Great product, and very easy to install. The App works great as well. It even let's you know how efficient your HVAC system is performing per month.
Work without the “C” wire! Super easy installation and works without the “C” wire. The online wire compatibility checker said to contact support which I thought odd since I had the basic wires except for the “C” wire. Maybe they want you to contact them to verify before purchase. After reading the support instructions online it does state that it does support systems with the RH, RC and C wires so as long as you have one of those you should be good. And it does work with Alexa!
Happy Wife, Happy Life. This was a gift. The recipient was happy receiving it and is still loving it.
This is the best thing ever Oh my gosh. This is the best thing ever. I wish we would have gotten one of these years ago. The Nest is programmable but it also learns. So if you are constantly adjusting the heat up on days that it is bitter cold out it remembers. We haven’t had it long enough to try it in the summer.
Five Stars I like the fix of the ability to adjust the house, so I am pleased.
When it works it is great! Beware of the claim it works with a ... When it works it is great! Beware of the claim it works with a vast majority of 4 wires setups.I bought and installed the Nest in July. It worked flawlessly all summer and fall. I live in the Midwest. When we got our first real cold snap the unit died, stopped charging on its base. This is a huge problem if you can't count on your thermostat when for over 20 days we didn't even get to 20 as a high.(Fahrenheit) Throw in a 1 year old at home and a new mom it is a recipe for frustration. It can be removed and charged via. a port on the back but if it's not on its dock it isn't doing its job. WE would have to charge it twice a day for about an hour.Nest customer service is great and bent over backward to help. First they said it was a bad battery, and sent me a new unit. This worked for abbot 5 days till the same issues. Battery dying and not charging on the base. After more nest support they agreed that for one reason or another my HVAC system was not compatible with the 4 wire set up. My entire HVAC is all of 3 years old. NEST again was great. I found a local NEST expert to come out and install a 5th wire. NEST did (well will) re-reimburse me for the cost.The NEST certified installer said he has been upgrading around 7 of these a week to 5 wire system. This is just one of the dozens of certified technicians in my area.This is where my huge frustration lies. NEST greatly exaggerates the compatibility or the unit. This is the main reasons I purchased the nest over it's competitors. they advertise it's ability to work on four wire systems and most the competitors do not. So if you live in an area that it get's cold beware if need be send them the serial and model # on your furnace to double check it's compatibility.
Awesome thermostat hooked up easy Awesome thermostat hooked up easy! Spring loaded terminal blocks that they supplied datatabs for your wires too.. setup went easy too.. I recommend this thermostat! It impresses visitors at my house as well..
Love Nest! Installed a Nest a few weeks ago and have really enjoyed using it. It is easy to read, sleek and clean. Love the fact that it adjusts the temp when I’m not home and when I go to bed. I live in MN so anything that helps with the heating bill is a good thing.
It’s awesome I highly recommend this thermostat, it is worth every penny! Extremely easy to install, easy to use, and the app makes it even easier to control how you are heating your home. They also give you a daily report of how long your heater ran, if you saved that day, and a monthly report with suggestyto lower your heating costs.
Instructions a great. If you get one I recommend connecting it ... Little effort to set up. Instructions are great. If you get one I recommend connecting it to a USB port for 1-2 hours to charge.
Works great unless you need to change anything Works great unless you need to change anything. Anytime I wanted to change settings with my smartphone, I had to reenter a username and password. At my age, because of another password I must remember, I have to get up out of my assist chair, and make it over the the thermostat to make any change. It would be nice if it could be operated without that requirement. Further, I'm not one of those that needs to see statistics on usage every month.
Love the remote monitoring I purchased this Nest Thermostat mainly because I can monitor everything in my phone and because it tells you how long your furnace is running. I live in the Midwest where the winters can be pretty cold. I like seeing how much time each day it has been running and if I make changes (such as changing the furnace filter or adjusting the window coverings) the next day you can see the effects in your energy usage!The idea of changing the temperature based in people homenor gone is nice, but not useful to me. I work from home a lot, and do not walk past the thermostat enough to indicate I am home. If you are gone more I could see this being a nice feature.There are directions in the box and lots of videos in line to help you install this yourself. I was able to install easily by myself. My biggest problem was the wire hole behind my old thermostat was larger than expected and they had messed up the drywall pretty good with holes installing the old one. I had to patch some of the wall and touch up paint, and then position this carefully so I could get enough grip with the screws. But that is reflective of the person who installed the old thermostat, not this one!
Love the thermostats and ease of use I got 2 Nest thermostats while they where on sale and rebates where high. Love the thermostats and ease of use, also i did enjoy the rebates.
Most of the reviews online are from current customers that just purchase it and loved it. I’ve had mine for six months and ... I bought the NEW third generation Nest... it worked for about 4 months before it completely stopped turning on my Cold air. For whatever reason it’s not turning on my cold air and would only turn on hot air when I needed to use the furnace. Apparently there’s a lot of visual issues with the nest and I wish I did more homework before I bought it. Most of the reviews online are from current customers that just purchase it and loved it. I’ve had mine for six months and am now looking to buy something else. Not worth the money!
Futuristic I highly recommend the Nest Learning Thermostat for anyone looking to improve their households connectability and appearance. Instantly, you will receive compliments about your cool thermostat and enable the ability to check the HVAC at your residency at any time you desire. Pretty cool and futuristic stuff.
seems to stop working reliably Bought this Oct.2017 by December it seems to work intermitantly, when its turned TOTALLY OFF it will come on randomly and just set random temp and starts to either heat or cool the house. I would really like to get another one to try out but its way too expensive and I think I am out of the warranty.
Great thermostat. The installation was easy, it looks great. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Can see the numbers Can use it with my phone
Way over-priced For the price, NOPE!
Very easy to install and use Very easy to install and use. App works like a charm all the time. With the mail in rebate from our local electric company, this purchase was a no brainer.
Easy to set up Easy to set up. will run less when we are not at home. Can ask alexa to set the temp. looks nice, the display will sleep when you are not looking at it, and lights up when you are close so you can see it.
Nest is Awesome Love my new Nest, I replaced my Honeywell Smart Thermostat with Nest. I love the ability that it automatically sets the temp based on your schedule. Plus I really like knowing how much energy I am using daily through the history tab. Lastly I like the set away and not have to setup a Vacation schedule.
Buyer be ware! First of all we bought the Nest Thermostat in August 2017 knowing that we would be replacing our HVAC system in January 2018. During my investigating I was lead to believe the Nest Thermostat was compatible with 1, 2 & 3 stage & variable speed systems. It even says so on the outside of the box. I installed it on our old 1 stage system which it works as expected. We recently purchased a new Lennox variable speed HVAC system and guess what, the Nest is not compatible. The box really does say it's compatible, after answering website questions it should work, but low and behold the paper work inside the box says NO, NOT COMPATIBLE. I now have a $250 paper weight.
Read the manual/instructions It will take some time to install the thermostat because you need to remove the original AC/Heater control. Following instructions on the manual is very important. Before installing, take some time to use the online resource provided by Nest to learn about the cables that you need to connect. The package also provides labels that you can stick to the cable so you know which cable to connect. The most important thing is be sure the electricity going to the AC/Heater control has been shut off. The voltage might not be strong enough to get yourself hurt, but just be safe.
Easy to install Easy to install. Make sure your thermostat has the right wiring before ordering. Eco mode helps save money but can be a pain when it turns down heat if the house is still occupied. We needed to increase our Eco temperature so the house wasn't freezing when coming home from work. Also, wish there was more of a delay before the proximity sensor activates the screen. Our nest is in a highly trafficked area so the screen is constantly going on/off.
Ridiculously easy setup. Ridiculously easy setup. Check nest.com for compatibility with your existing HVAC setup. A lot of great smart features to manage and record energy usage. Awesome controls and build quality.
The look and interaction of the T-stat Favorite aspect about the Nest T-stat is it’s sleekness and look on my wall with the interaction feature as people walk by.
Easy install, good for environment. Our house is over thirty years old, yet the installation was simple. The app and the device are easy to use.It should help us save energy and feel like we have better control over our home, especially when we are out and about.The only downside is that I wish I had made this move earlier.
Five Stars Very easy to install, so much better than our old thermostat. Highly recommend.
Five Stars Great upgrade to my thermostat. Easy install.
I like being able to control with my phkne I like being able to control with my phkne, but it seems to have made our electric bill increase.
This is an easy install. I cant tell you how much relief ... This is an easy install.I cant tell you how much relief this will give me to be able to monitor conditions at my house remotely.
Great tech support Works great, the customer, tech support is fantastic. I could understand him perfectly and he was from this country, which is kind of rare today.
Worth every penny. My second Nest Thermostat (2-zone HVAC system). Installation was as simple as the first and only took about 15 minutes. Everything set up and was working 5 minutes after that. Farsight is the winning feature on this one, giving me the outside temp and forecast as I walk by in the morning.Now I just wish my 2nd Gen had Farsight too.
Excellent technology! Big improvement over my old thermostat. I can monitor and control the thermostat remotely on my iPhone, see my energy usage and even the humidity in the house.
Great thermostat! Bought my Nest on Cyber Monday. Took me a bit longer to set up, but this was user error. Works awesome, way to schedule, learns habits. Can control remotely. Integrates with my Google Home nicely.
the best only one, the best device
Beautiful Smart Home Integration Baby Works with Home Assistant (hass.io)!
... for over a month and the temp is always perfect. One of the best purchases we've made We've had ours installed for over a month and the temp is always perfect. One of the best purchases we've made!
VERY ACCURATE AND SO EASY TO INSTALL! LOVE THIS THERMOSTAT!I've only had it installed for about 36 hours, but I can already tell the difference! There is no longer that window of "chill" before the furnace kicks on to bring the temp back up a degree or two to meet the setting requested. The comfort is constant and the temperature does not vary from the set temp.The installation instruction and materials are PRIMO! Step by step, the instructions were so thorough and easy to follow, I couldn't ask for an easier experience! Also appreciate the back plate which covers the holes and unpainted area where the old thermostat was. QUALITY ALL THE WAY!
Five Stars Works great, easy to set up, learned our schedule extremely quick. Bought another one for upstairs.
... recently added a new zone and this came in perfect! I like how I can manage it on ... I recently added a new zone and this came in perfect! I like how I can manage it on an app on my phone.
Five Stars I have noticed savings on my gas bill since I installed this.
Excellent thermostat!! Easy to use and setup. Love the app as well.
Easy to Install and Use with Alexa This is an awesome product. East to self install good directions accessible support if required.
Awesome Product - Easy to install Works great, took me about 1/2 hour to install and program.
First smart home product First smart home product. Had so much fun setting it up and have enjoyed my adventure into the future. Plus the thermostat works great and looks amazing. Very easy to use.
Nest Love This is my second Nest, and just the best. Relatively easy to install, very easy to use. I have two in my home and worth every penny. I don't ever come home to a cold house, and if I forget to turn the heat or air off/down - I can do from anywhere. The easy of use is outstanding.
it just rocks simply the best, better than all the rest ~ okay, waited so long to jump on this, yes, cost was a concern. What was I thinking, this thing is my favorite new "toy". It has become like a lil buddy, a friend that has my back. The installation was amazingly easy & quick. A few slight glitches in setting it up, my fault not its fault. Now that it is up and running I am amazed at how much it has improved things in my home. It flawlessly turns on/off at my preselected times. But, wait, there'more! If I leave and forget to set it back I just go into my app and adjust, not that I really have to. This little nest learns when I leave and sets back on its own, smarty thing. It also looks oh so good on my wall, was the highlight of my holiday gatherings with family & fiends gathering around to meet this gem of technology. Have you guessed, I love this thing! I have 2 more thermostats in my home, waiting for decent sales to update those also. The energy savings will surely pay for this nest shortly, heat goes down in winter, a/c gets set up in summer when I am away. Guessing there are others on the market, but I am sticking with this one!
Five Stars Looks great, easy to use, integrates with echo easily, and the app is easy to use. Do recommend.
I am never going back to cheap plastic crap thermostats, Nest has spoiled me I am never going back to cheap plastic crap thermostats, Nest has spoiled me! It was easy to setup, it's easy to use, and it has changed my home for the better. If you're wondering if the price is worth it, the answer is yes.
Lives Up To Its Hype! One of the few products that I've bought recently that lived up to its hype and my expectations. I did get it for about half off because of a deep sale and a rebate from my gas company. It's the only thermostat that's ever made me smile! It's actually easy to take control of my home's ac and heating systems easily.
Quick and easy to set up. Setting up the nest was quick and easy. The instructions were simple, clear and easy to follow. Nest's goal is for customers to have the thing up and running in less than 30 minutes. I ran into two tiny problems, neither of which should discourage you from buying and installing one.1. I had some trouble mounting the Nest to the backing plate the first time. To control the nest, you turn the metal ring on the outside and then push the Nest to click it, like a mouse. If it's not mounted correctly, the click-like-a-mouse doesn't work. It took me a few tries. Maybe I'm just clumsy. Once the locking tabs were engaged, it worked fine.2. Don't expect it to light up right away once it's installed. The display remains dark for a couple of minutes while it wakes up, brushes its teeth, checks its circuits and so on. Be patient.Installing the smartphone app, and controlling the Nest from the app or the webpage, is painless. I object to the huge stack of permissions the app requires (why does it need access to my Contacts?) but that doesn't really apply here. I'll take that up on the Google App Store.ONE FINAL NOTE: We've only had the Nest for two days. Always be wary of reviews posted within a day or two of receipt of something. Check back in a few months to see if this review has changed.
Two Stars died at 5 yrs not worth it
Perfect This gadget has paid for itself in savings on my electric bill and was super easy to install.
We love our new Nest Thermostat. We love our new Nest Thermostat. Had to call for technical support during installation which was by far the best support for any device I have ever had! Got it working and even recently added control ("Alexa, set the heat to 68 degrees") via my Amazon Echo Dot devices. We can now be out of town and a few hours before we get home we can turn up the heat via the app on our phones! Highly recommended!
Very easy to install. Very easy to install. Very pretty. Working great so far. Great rebates from gas and electric companies make it affordable.
Nest Fried My Furnace- Check For Common Wire I loved this product until it fried my new furnace, twice. The Nest is easy to use and looks great. I would give it 5 stars if one of the most expensive appliances in my home was ruined by it. Instead of enjoying my new furnace with my new Nest, I am cold and going through new repairs to the motherboard of my furnace due to the Nest. My furnace is not listed on the Nest's list of known panels that require a common wire. Nest-- Add York furnaces to your list.
very pleased.. So far, very pleased...and most importantly...my wife loves it! She is not into home automation, so Nest nailed the design in terms of ease of use at the device, and she can control it from her phone and via Google Home devices. Installation was a breeze and it looks great. Looking forward to see the utility bills drop!
If Nest and Amazon had been completely honest in their ... If Nest and Amazon had been completely honest in their advertising with regards to the 24VAC requirement for this wi-fi thermostat, I would have given 5 stars. I had to hire an electrician on short notice to install a "C" wire so I would not lose connectivity due to the lack of power in my existing wires. This became an expensive purchase for me because of the absence of this very important power detail in the description.
Love my nest thermostat save me money on my energy ... Love my nest thermostat save me money on my energy bill control the heat in my house pefect and looks nice in the wall
and I like the fact that it senses motion and illuminates to ... I am NOT a techy, but I was able to connect and program this device within about 30 minutes. It told me that my air filter needed cleaning, and I like the fact that it senses motion and illuminates to show the current room temperature. It is very nice to be able to adjust the room temperature without leaving your bed!!! If it wasn't so expensive, I'd buy another one to replace the other unit even though it is working properly.. I'll wait until I need it, and will definitely get a second Nest.. I was considering Nest's video camera, but, alas, it is 3-4 times more expensive than a highly rated competitor.. I'll let you know how that works out... "Security IP Camera, Elebor".
Five Stars Very happy with my purchase. Big upgrade from an old thermostat as remote access is key for me!
Five Stars Amazing product. Easy to install, would highly recommend.
Five Stars Perfect!!!. Although sometimes have problems communicating from my phone.
Worth it! It's a solid little sucker, like a brass hockey puck, it's made of metal, the lens is glass and it magnifies that beautiful display perfectly! The installation is very fast & easy as well.
b'Wireless ?? Be in control 24/7 100% of the time ??'
Nest Learning Thermostat This is the greatest thermostat I have ever used. Easy to install and program. Love being able to use my phone to adjust temperature
This a is a great product any any homeowner can in install this by ... Don’t get an installer! This a is a great product any any homeowner can in install this by themselves! The Nest thermostat has been a great experience!
Great Technology Great thermostat. My handyman husband installed 2 of these easily. They are attractive and easy to operate. We like having the ability to change the temp remotely. We haven't had them long enough to know if they'll save us in energy costs, but they seem more efficient than our previous Honeywells and the house temp seems to be steadier. We're impressed with Nest and the app is easy to use.
Four Stars It is a beautiful and sleek product.
Likely a used and defective product that Amazon resold after someone else's return Very upset. Swapped out my $60 programmable Honeywell with a $200+ smart Nest. Everything works except the most basic function of a thermostat: measuring temperature. The thermostat reading is not accurate. Mine reports the temperature as 4-5 degree higher than it is. My house says it's 69F right now, but it's actually 64F. I used two digital thermometers to confirm (One is highly accurate). Lastly, I should disclose that I bought this through Amazon Warehouse Deals. It was listed as "Used-Lke New". Somebody before me must have discovered the same issue and returned it. I saw an "Amazon Tested" sticker on the outside of the package when it arrived. My guess is Amazon plugged it in to make sure it powered up but nothing more, then they relisted it to try and pawn it off onto someone else. This is the 2nd time I have been burned using Amazon's "warehouse deals
Excellent upgrade We purchased this unit as a replacement to a traditional thermostat, that was no longer working properly. The set up was very simple. The instructions that came with the unit were easy to follow. When one of our existing wires wasn't making good contact, the unit gave us an error code and were able to make an immediate correction. The ability to test the system and troubleshoot it so quickly was just amazing. The app is easy to use and the unit user interface is great. We've only had the unit installed for approximately a month, so our experience is limited. So far though, we're very happy.
Five Stars Easy to install. Works great.
All it’s cracked up to be All it’s cracked up to be. Highly recommended for ease of installation, set up, and operation. It is intuitive, nice looking, effective, and fun. I can’t wait until my wife lets me buy a second one.
Would highly recommend a Nest Would highly recommend a Nest. Our heating guy installed it and set it up for us and he too said he would definitely recommend it as this was the first time he had installed one.We had a question about setting up the ECO part of it so called their tech support and they were great to work with on the phone, very patient and helped us step by step to get it set up right.
Awesome I just took control of my heating and cooling bills! No more wondering if I left the heat up too high or AC too low while I'm away. The stainless steel is beautiful. I purchased a round matching plate which installs behind it too, otherwise there is just a rectangular white plastic trim plate in the box.
Five Stars Love this thermostat
SUPER EASY TO INSTALL SUPER EASY TO INSTALL! I was shocked at how easy it was to install. I installed it myself in maybe 20 minutes (including the time it took to figure out which breaker was the hall and furnace). I love that I can adjust the temperature when I'm not home. Easy to make sure I'm not spending a fortune on heating bills when I'm away for longer than expected.
Was so easy to install and set up Was so easy to install and set up. Really looking forward to connecting to an Echo shortly with some other devices (camera, door sensors, smoke alarm...)
This is exactly what I was looking for. A ... This is exactly what I was looking for. A bit expensive, but the motion sensor sets it apart from other wifi thermostats.
Simple and Reliable Very good product well made and instruction were simple for the installation.
LOVE LOVE the NEST! Love, love the Nest thermostat. The convenience of turning the temp up and down with our iphones or asking Alexa to do so, is GREAT! The Nest also, learns the algorithms of when are iPhones are not home. When not at home it turns the thermostat down to eco mode to save money and energy. After the first two weeks of turning up and down the thermostat to our liking during certain times, the Nest now knows that we like it cooler when we sleep and hot when we wake up in the morning! The hubby said, it’s like the Nest knows when we wake up!! IT DOES we trained it that way!!SETUP: was a sinch
Is there anything not to love about this Is there anything not to love about this? Installation was a snap, setup was a snap. No complaints here. Bring on the savings!
5/5 would buy again. It’s a neat and easy to use product.
Nest thermostat is amazingly capable and simple to install! I am very impressed with the Nest thermostat. I find its learning capabilities to be more useful than I originally expected and especially like its connection to the Alexa system. Monitoring and adjusting the temperature of my home is easy and flexible. Connecting two smartphones to the Nest account makes it possible for it to know when no one is home and adjust the temps accordingly. Installation was a breeze. While I am very experienced with thermostat installation, I think anyone will find it a very straightforward process that takes only minutes. After using the system for several weeks now, I have zero complaints and it has exceeded all my expectations. Highly recommended!
EASY to Install! I installed this in a vacation cabin that we spend time at a couple weekends a month. I am not a handy person, but I was able to install this myself with no problems quickly. I used to turn the heat completely off, and when we would arrive in the winter it would be absolutely freezing. It's been really nice to be able to keep track of the temp in my cabin while we are gone (it's in snow country), and turn on the heat from my phone prior to our arrival.
Superb build quality. Works great. Easy set up. App is good. Works great with Alexa.
Nest Thermostat This thermostat was amazingly easy to install and set up to my smart phone.The information it provides is very accurate and gives piece of mind when we are away from our house.
Works Good It was a little difficult to set up as the thermostat caused a short in my furnace and I had to open it up and replace a fuse inside of it. The device then malfunctioned the first night I had it and jacked my heat all the way up to 89 in my house. I thought i was being cooked to death. After the first day of snags it has since righted itself and is working just fine. It periodically disconnects from my wifi, as does the Outdoor Cam i have. I am not a computer guy so i am not sure of the cause of that.
Great thermostat, it was so easy to install Great thermostat, it was so easy to install. The app is a great feature I can simply turn it on or off, up and down.
Great for Smarthome Integration and Remote Access Install was simple and straight forward, I had all of the needed wires including the C wire for power at the old thermostat location. Make sure to run the compatibility checker with the wires going to your current thermostat before purchasing. It took an hour or so for the firmware/software to update after the thermostat was installed and initial settings were entered. Afterwards, I used the Android App on my smartphone to set a schedule and I linked it to my Echo and Insteon apps. Auto Scheduling was useless to me since the thermostat is in a room rarely used. My furnace has two stage heating and the Nest thermostat can control it with an extra wire, but after reading the furnace manufacturer's website, I felt it was better to let the furnace determine for itself which stage to run. I also came to this same conclusion for running my whole house humidifier. The Nest Thermostat can run it, with an extra wire in the * slot, but I believe the manufacturer's humidistat with the outdoor sensor and independent blower control does the same thing and is geared specifically for my equipment. I like that I get a daily view of the furnace on/off cycles and how many hours it runs per day on my smartphone. I really love the ability to control the thermostat remotely via my smartphone app and through my Echos, my main reasons for getting it. As for the energy savings, that still has to be determined. If you're replacing a 7 day properly programmed thermostat, you'll probably see very little difference. If you are replacing a non-programmable thermostat, then the savings could be substantial, especially if you use the ECO temperatures at night and when away from the home.
Five Stars Easy to install and works great
Product is very easy to set up Product is very easy to set up. WiFi connection and the ability to control my homes temperature from any where I am is very useful.
Saves money on utility bills. We are getting to "know" Nest. Thus far we have saved $$$ on our gas bill. And that is a HUGE plus!
Five Stars easy to set up, easy to use.
Five Stars easy to install and getting to know all it can do love it
I would buy it again Looks great! Works well. Takes setting up the internet was slightly challenging but other than that, great product
It just stopped working! Worked for 5 months and then just stopped working. I contacted Nest support but they could not help me. Do not waste your $ on this thermostat
Amazing! Really easy to install. I just installed this thermostat and is an amazing addition to my IoT, it connected very easily to my Nest Dropcam and to my Google Home. I can ask Google Home to raise, lower temp, ask the temp inside etc. NEST is part of Alphabet which owns Google so they work seemless. The installation is extremely easy, just go to the nest site and check the compatibility of your current thermostat and follow the installation video. The screwdriver is supplied and the screws grip on most drywall so no need to drill.Took me less than 30 min to install with minimal tools.
Works great and easy to install. Promotional pricing with rebates from electric//gas companies reduced the price significantly Works great and easy to install. I like that I can control my temperature when I am away from my house via the iPhone app.
Very nice and easy to install Really works well. My teenage son and I installed it with no problem. It is saving us money and some of the apps we haven't even explored yet.
Easy to install and use thermostat - controlling heat remotely is a big win I bought and installed two Nest Thermostats myself and highly recommend this product. Some parts of the setup were a little confusing but ultimately I was able to do the installation without too much trouble.Aesthetics: the industrial design on the thermostat is lovely. I really like the way that it automatically lights up and shows the current temperature and setting when it detects motion.The scheduling UI is very intuitive. Nice to have apps on the iPhone and iPad.I’m ambivalent about the “learning” feature - do I want tight control over the temperature schedule vs. having the thermostat figure that out over time? Not sure yet.The big win here is being able to monitor and control temperature remotely & start heating up the house when on the way home, to have it at a comfortable temperature on arrival.
Worth the money! Super easy to install using their manual and site. Highly recommend. This has helped us save over $100 a month during this winter season. It's great seeing your history and how many hours you use. It also sets up a schedule after seeing when you're home.
Well worth the cost! Adding an internet based thermoset for full remote control of my heating gives me a secure feeling during these cold winter months. I save energy by turning down the heat while I am away and bringing it back up to comfort level before I arrive home. I would recommend this product.
Customer/Tech. Support is awful Replaced my programmable thermostat with the Nest one year ago. The Nest has two advantages over my programmable:1. You can use an app on your smart phone to adjust the temperature while you are away.2. You can set up home/away assist to automatically adjust the temperature when nobody is home.The first feature is nice but not one I use often. The second feature is a great way to save energy without sacrificing comfort. However, I was having trouble with it when I first installed the thermostat. So I called tech. support and was told that this feature doesn't work if you set the temperature to adjust on a schedule. I like to set the temperature to go down at night, and I figure that will save more energy than the home/away feature, so I regretted replacing my basic programmable thermostat. Eventually I started working on my settings and was able to make it work on my own, no thanks to tech. support.I was very happy with my thermostat until one week before its "first birthday." Then it started reducing the temperature on its own (during a record cold spell), even when one my wife was home. So I contacted tech. support again. This time they told me that Home/Away assist can only be connected to one phone. If it is connected to two phones, that "confuses" the thermostat. The problem with this is that we don't want the thermostat to turn itself down if either one of us is home. Who would pay for that feature? My other issue is that it seems hard to believe that it took a year for the thermostat to get confused. The tech. support person suggested that we manually switch the thermostat to away mode when we leave the house. That doesn't work for me because we will never consistently remember to do that, and anyway it is more work than just turning down the temperature (which I could also do with my old thermostat).I decided to try a new tech. support chat today. I spent an hour and a half on the chat, including an hour and 15 minutes of waiting. Then we got disconnected. So I give up. I will use it like my old programmable thermostat. Making it work properly will never be worth the time I have to invest.
Five Stars Great!
I set up 4 FastSign Franchise locations and my Residents. I set up 5 locations in one day. Install was a piece of cake and I plan on saving around $600.00 a month and I now can control the heat and cooling with my iPad anywhere I go. You got to love that.
This thing is great. Was an easy install for my husband This thing is great . Was an easy install for my husband . Works perfectly and starts auto programming itself according to your habits immediately . It’s perfect !
Five Stars Like the looks and the ability to control thermostat while I am away.
Great thermostat. Installs as easily as any "analog" thermostat ... Great thermostat. Installs as easily as any "analog" thermostat I have used in the past. It is great to be able to control it from my Pixel 2 without having to go to the hall where the thermostat resides. I like seeing the humidity read out when I check it with my phone as well as we live in NW Wisconsin and it can get too dry in the house during the winter months. We always turn the heat down when not @ home so it is good to be able to check on it while we are not home to reassure that, indeed, it is set where we want it. Just a side note: after you pair it with your phone you still need to go to Nest and "add a new device" in order to access it with your smartphone.
Thermostat is Awesome! I have been very impressed with this thermostat. Haven't had more than a few day, but so far, it has exceeded my expectations. Only thing that I haven't figured out, is how to get it to auto change temp, when I leave my house. I have my phone set to do this, but it doesn't seem to do it automatically. Need do some additional research on that. The only flaw I have found, is this should be a bit easier to figure out. I am certain the feature works. This thermostat is AWESOME!
Expensive but great thermostat I love this thermostat. It looks very sleak and I can always see my usage and make sure that I am not using my heat unesesaraly whether I'm at home or away.
Not as smart as advertised Was very easy to install, and came with a face plate that covered the mess left behind by my old thermostat.Not as smart as I would like. With auto-away it only turns on the furnace when I get home after work. We have been experiencing single digit temperatures, so I have been coming home to a 51 degree house that takes hours to get up to temperature.I finally just programmed a schedule and turned off auto-away. It is smart enough to know how long the furnace will need to run to have the house comfortable when I get home.Pros:- Internet accessible- Knows how long it will take to get to a temperature- Just click to see the weather- Easy to see if furnace is runningCons:- Not very smart- Much cheaper internet connected thermostats would do the job I'm now having it do- It was a nightmare to enter my long WiFi password with symbols and spaces in it
Worth Every Penny Can't say enough about this thermostat. Its everything I've wanted and more for my house. If you want this device, you WILL NOT regret it!
So smart Love these! I don’t even have to get out of bed to change the air at night!
Five Stars Love it!
Works out of the box and installed in 30 minutes. This thing is amazing, yet very expensive. It was installed in less than half an hour and the instructions provided are say to follow. It’s heavy and well built and it feels like it won’t break any time soon. I personally love the ring and button press combo, it’s easier to input a password or email address on this thermostat than it is on most smart TVs when signing into an account and the testing feature is great. Right after you install the wires it lets you know which wires it detects and then troubleshoots to make sure they are in the right place. I can’t think of anything that would make the installation or programming easier, maybe the price could come down but I would hate for them to compromise build quality, even the little screwdriver that came with the thermostat is something you won’t throw away, it’s better than most $10 screw drivers I’ve seen and definitely better than any I’ve ever seen included with a product.
Five Stars Amazing piece of technology!
A Nest Energy Saving Connected Thermostat for your Nest I purchased the bronze look thermostat which looks very classy on my wall. It's a very attractive looking device. I installed it yesterday (1/4/18) and installation went well. Instructions were good, guiding me step by step. Once installed hooking it up to the Nest app on my phone was very easy. It walked me through each step. Connecting it to Alexa also went very smoothly. I like the ease in checking settings, energy usage as well temperature, humidity levels. Adjusting temp is very easy by simply turning the outer ring. Everything can be done on the actual thermostat by simply turning the outer ring and pressing the lens cover on the front. The thermostat will learn how I like my home temps adjusted over the next few days and eventually will automatically adjust temps. but I can also adjust it or set my own schedules if desired. Today when I left for work I turned the temp down. Before I left work to go home I opened my Alexa app on my phone and reset the temp to a warmer setting. By the time I got home the temperature had risen to the warmer setting so the house was warm when I walked in. It also has the ability to automatically adjust temps up/down whenever you leave your home or return by sensing the location of your phone. It's only been 24 hours since I turned it on but I have been very pleased with its operation.
Five Stars Easy to install on my heating system without common wire.
Works with Alexa, works on IPad, works by hand! Easy setup. No problems with the app. Thermostat works like a dream.
A bit pricey, but worth it! This item seems a bit pricey, but after using it for a while, I really love it. The interface is very intuitive to use, and the ability to change the temperature remotely is great. The Nest app has worked flawlessly. I like the other data the unit displays, humidity and outside temperature in particular. This is a solid piece of well designed technology. Recently my friends remarked on how nice my copper thermostat looked! I couldn't believe it, it really does look that good! Enjoy!
Five Stars Love it. Works great and saves money.
easy to install Easy to install using the wealth of online and provided installation resources. Of course you may also hire a professional to install it for around $100.00. I can’t wait to sync it up with Alexa.
and I couldn't be happier. The installation process was a breeze I replaced our old thermostat with the Nest, and I couldn't be happier. The installation process was a breeze. The online video made the installation nearly idiot proof for even someone like me to install. After using it for a few days, it remembers my setting routines and I no longer have to make changes to the temp when I'm home or away, day or night. I highly recommend it.
Awesome!! 
Nice thermostat, easy to set up and use. Nice thermostat, easy to set up and use. Well designed. It has the dual fuel option which was perfect for my heat pump with gas backup
She is so pleased with it I bought this as a housewarming gift when my granddaughter bought her new Condo. The thermostat is downstairs and her bedroom is upstairs. Now she can control the temp at the touch of a button, anytime and any place, even away from her home. She is so pleased with it.
Easy to operate and view. Awesome thermostat. Way more functions and control than my old, expensive, programible thermostat and easier to use. No more manual switching between cool and heat, and adjust temp from your phone if needed using Internet.
Five Stars As promised
Must have! Love love love love
What a disappointment and deceptive company Not compatible with our system and nest just give a run around. What a disappointment and deceptive company.
So far so good, will need to use it a while before ... So far so good, will need to use it a while before I really commit. Easy to use and I'm learning how it works. Love the copper color.
I love the Nest I love the Nest. I am very sensitive to temperature changes so the Heat & Cool option is wonderful. Able to set a range that I find comfortable all year long. It has learned our work schedules well enough that I am able to keep the house in the 70s in winter while keeping my gas bill reasonable. The ability to change it via app is very handy as well at night when you're having a too-hot-too-cold battle with your husband (or just generally).
Not the most reliable. Well, I did love my nest thermostat that we got about 3 months ago and would have given it 5 stars. As with the rest of the country we are experiencing extremely cold temperatures and my heater is blowing cold air!. Spent an hour or so with a Nest Tech via chat. After testing numerous things it looks like I need a new base. I should not have had enough confidence in the product after installation that I threw the old manual away. House is currently in the mid 60s, and mid 20s outside. The replacement base unit is on its way. I got an email confirming the coming shipment which had the wrong address on it. Nothing close to the street name I provided during the chat for the Ship To. Notified them of that, hope it does not delay the delivery. Guess I'll need to pick up a space heater since these are apparently unreliable.
I like this thermostat a lot (Edited)Upgrading my rating and review because the problem I had recently was with my HVAC system, not the thermostat. (I will say, however, that the Nest support page led me to believe the problem was with the thermostat, through some somewhat vague wording. Otherwise, I think their online help pages are pretty good.)We've been using this thermostat for a few weeks, so I'm still learning about it. I do like being able to control it via Alexa. I haven't tried it with Siri yet. I like the large, bright display, and the fact that you can dial in a more economical setting just by looking for the leaf. I'm frustrated that I can't seem to figure out the finer points of the HEAT/COOL mode (so we've just been toggling it back and forth between HEAT and COOL modes).Will update later after more use.
Awesome Excellent construction and good quality. The installation is simple and very easy to programming and look awesomeness
Fantastic looking and easy to install and set up Prior to purchasing I did verify as suggested on Nest website my existing thermostat wiring would work and watched an installation video on you tube. The packaging was slick, and very easy to install. I’m a woman, and usually defer to my husband for these things. I’m very proud I was able to install it and set it up without any issues. Cannot wait to see how we can have some energy savings compared to our old programmable thermostat.
DO NOT DELAY! Buy this ASAP and start saving money. I held off on purchasing this for a few months after buying my home because I prioritized other things.. I really wish this was the first thing I bought. Instantly starts paying for itself, and the installation and use could not be simpler. No home should be without a Nest (or other comparable smart thermostat, but this is the only one I've used).
The directions are easy to follow Straightforward installation. The directions are easy to follow. There are YouTube videos available as well. I would recommend watching one before opening. Makes everything clearer and expedites installation. Crisp touchscreen. Very responsive from phone. Highly recommend.
Great Product Very easy to set up, directions are very clear, and product is awesome! We are very excited to have this in our home.
Excellent design from start to finish Excellent design from start to finish. Beautiful, works well, and my wife loves that she can adjust the temp from her smartphone app while in bed.
Nest Thermostat Nest is fantastic! It looks great and, through it’s learning and easy programmability, has helped us save on our energy bills instantly. An added bonus is that it connects to our Amazon Echo for voice commands. I’m a fan!
NEST'S CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST! or The failure of an expensive half year old thermostat. The Customer service is perhaps the worst thought out, poorly implemented, and technically buggy I have ever experienced. Listen to HORRIBLE music playing in the background whilst on hold; 45 minutes later a lady finally answered and the sound is jumbled so badly I could not understand her, then the connection abruptly quit. 2nd try: the connection dropped abruptly after 30 minutes. I first tried online and was told to call and given a case number or I would never have waited on hold that long. A responsible company would not subject their customers to that BS.Update: four days later and still no contact after listening to their mind-numbing music for another one hour and one minute on the last attempt.
Five Stars Great ease of use and reliability, and it looks great too!
I paid $250 for this??? I had the earliest NEST version in my previous home and I loved it. In 4 years, there was just one software hiccup that got fixed within a day. Fast forward to Christmas Eve 2017 when I got this new creature for Christmas in a new house. I purchased another NEST because of its superior WI-Fi connectivity in a challenging environment. It updated its software within minutes and took off, just as I expected. Then on New Year's Eve it stopped updating the historical data at the NEST website/app/internet. The thermostat is still controlled remotely via Alexa, cell phone app, and internet but it no longer reports historical data.After a thermostat reset, a remove/add of the thermostat from my account, and spending 1 hour and 48 minutes on the phone waiting for customer service at NEST, their resolution is "well can't you just walk over to the thermostat to see historical data? After all, the thermostat is saving the data. You can always enter the data manually in Excel." I suppose I should be grateful, but no. I didn't pay $250 for this kind of functionality and "service".
Love it - already saving money Had a buddy come help me install - my old programmable thermostat had the 4-wire setup, so it was a breeze. Unboxed and installed in about 10 minutes.
NEST IS GARBAGE IN COLD I own two nest thermostats and now that we are 0 degree temperature they have both gone off line with a low battery setting. Was on hold for approximately 3 hours yesterday and just gave up after being on hold two hours today since I actually need to work for a living. Seems like it is a known problem the low battery setting that occurs in cold weather. My poor husband spent hours yesterday trying to trouble shoot and the problem is the nest. This morning I contacted Amazon and am not sure if I will be able to get my over $200.00 back since Nest is not a part of Amazon. Thank goodness I bought my second one elsewhere and they took it right back when we said defective. DON"T DO IT!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK! Now I am praying my pipes don't burst as a result of the cold. Now we need to buy heaters as well as new thermostats. If you have money to burn this is the thermostat for you but surely not for me.Update - Amazon is giving me back 160 of my purchase. Cannot give me back full amount but something definitely beats nothing! Good once again for Amazon customer service helping.
Nest is terrible! We’ve had nothing but problems with our nest since we moved into our newly built house. The “learning” feature was nothing but a pain in our rear ends, it would shut off for hours in the summer. Now when it’s -6 out we wake up with our newborn and 2 year old to a 62 degree House. The nest turned off and was not producing heat. I took the nest off and put the original thermostat on and guess what!?!? Heat immediately came out.
Furnace quits running in frigid temps due to Nest battery draining With our below zero temperatures outside, my newly installed Nest just quit working this morning. As the house temp was down in the 50's, I was on hold for Nest support for 2 hours and 15 minutes (Happy New Year). This a big issue and we are starting to see the reviews stating the serious problem. If you do not have a functioning control wire (usually the blue wire) and the temps get below zero outside, some HVAC systems quit powering the Nest thermostat and it just turns off because the battery drains out. The temp solution is to disconnect the yellow wire which controls the air conditioning. That will get the furnace working again. It also means you need to remember in the spring to hook up the yellow wire again or you will have no AC. The long term solution is to get an HVAC repairman to hook up a common wire to the Control port of the Nest so the battery will always receive power. The only redeeming part of this review was the Nest support person I dealt with (Alexis) was very helpful and spent the time to answer all of my questions and wait patiently for about an hour as we fixed the problem. That good support person got it up to a 2 star review.
Nest, did you test this in any area with hot summers and cold winters? Is your idea of a "smart" thermostat one that shuts off after you leave the house on a freezing day for "energy savings", so when you walk back in after work it's 48 degrees inside? Nicely starting the heating process *the moment you walk back in* so by the time you go to bed you're warm enough to take your parka off?Then buy a Nest!(Bonus: you get the opposite effect in the summer!)If you don't want to walk into a frigid house every day, you can simply: turn Nest's ability to recognize that you've left the house off! Or manually schedule the house to warm up every day whether you've left or not! Either way, overriding all of the "smarts" of this thermostat and all of your energy savings!I've owned two Nest thermostats and three Nest Protects for two years. I've had plenty of issues with them... I was more enthusiastic at first, but then I noticed that my energy bills were not meaningfully lower (don't presume you will pay much less!) and functionality that used to work no longer did.But this one is the kicker. It's a problem that most people would run into - seasonal variation. Nest support/engineering seem totally clueless and unresponsive about it, and I've noticed this is a widely shared/posted issue.Folks at Nest... A "smart" thermostat with the ability to sense when you're away and turn your thermostat off has to be smart enough to a) turn it back on *prior* to you arriving home, unless it figures you're going to be away for a while, and b) not let it get so cold or hot that you lose all energy savings benefit in the process. Isn't this obvious??? Maybe this just isn't a big problem in the Bay Area.
You Need This The Nest is seriously the best thing to happen to heating and cooling. I would buy one for everyone I know if I won the lottery.
Four Stars Easy installation. It's great to be able to control when you are away from hoime
Great purchase! Wish we had bought this a long time ago! The Nest thermostat was easy to install and has already learned our patterns. I can’t wait to find out how much energy it’s saved us after 30 days.
Easy to install and control Easy to set up and love the learning aspect. This is our second house we have upgraded to the nest thermostat
Great quality and very convenient to use thermostat Ease of use and installation
Don't Buy this thing. Didn't work with my brand new HVAC system and my electrician then alerted me that he's installed a handful and replaced each one with another brand. I'm hoping I can return this thing. $250 wasted.
Five Stars Easy to set up and scheduling is a breeze on app!
Five Stars Great integration with Alexa. Very easy to install.
... adjust the temp at any time and heat or cool Down the home prior to arrival Ease of installation and because this is a second home and we are not there all the time it gives me the ability to adjust the temp at any time and heat or coolDown the home prior to arrival.
Good value. I like everything about the Nest Thermostat. It is easy to use and can be accessed on my phone and tablet.
Small learning curve for the automation but otherwise a great piece of technology. Great looking, works great but there is a learning curve for tuning the automation the way you want it. This thermostat will frustrate you if you're just looking for something to set a temp on and have it stay that temp until you change it. Nest likes to 'learn' and predict which will make it adjust temps according to what it thinks you might want it to be. So, once I figured out how to stop all that stuff I was happy with it. The install itself was insanely easy. I had some cosmetic work I had to fix before putting this replacement in but afterward the install of the Nest itself was easy peasy (less than 30 minutes.)
NEST 3rd Generation Super easy to install and setup. Learning mode makes it real simple. Looks great, and stylish...very easy to navigate the menus. Instructions and video make it fool-proof!
Stops working in cold weather Google the Nest and cold weather and you will find that the battery stops charging when exposed to cold - such as when it is mounted on the interior an exterior wall. good grief. You are just asking for more headaches in life getting something this sophisticated. I wish I would have stayed with a thermostat that you could just put in and forget forever. If I wanted something that needed to be babysat I would have gotten a cat instead.
Five Stars Love the nest thermostat. Works great with Alexis and is easy to operate.
Easy to install Easy to install. Replaced old, basic thermostat. instructions easy to use and follow, took 10-15 min to install. really liked that the trim plate and screwdriver were included. so far it works well, easy to setup account online. hopefully it will save in energy costs. also easy to use app where you can remotely control temp
Just got around to install this and we opened only ... Just got around to install this and we opened only to see it’s a used part you can see that the screws have dry wall dust on them and the DVD is missing and all the labels are missing I am so mad since on the top of the box has a inspected check mark on it ?? I do expect someone to make this right this is not right.
AWESOME WORKS SO WELL! PERFECT! The Best I Ever Bought! Watch YouTube Video's, Learn all you can about it, this little guy is amazing. You need to read the all the reviews. Every Single Product This Company makes is Awesome!
Very disappointed for a product getting so much hype I purchased this for my new home. They say they work with Georhermal.... try do not. It has a setting in backup for geo. It caused my emergency heat to run a lot and I was not happy with this at all. It does have a great design and online interface but that’s it. In this day and age you would think with geothermal being the most energy saving form of heating and cooling that a thermostat that promotes energy savings would work Well with it. I returned this for an evobee4. The product also has poor customer service for somthing owner by google. And just do add it was professionally installed so that is not why it didn’t work.
Turned of in cold weather Stopped working when temp when to -4.. So... no heat on the coldest night of the year. User support had me disconnect the A/C wired, and said the problem had to do with it not being designed with a backup battery. What a POS. Do thesefolks take any pride int their work. They'd do better by FIXING design flaws instead of writing error codes.
One Star Junk once a month just shuts off a let’s me freeze do not buy