Love them The Philip's hue works great with alexa, if you have shotty internet it will sometime disconnect to the point you actually have to unplug the home station.. other than that works like a dream. Easy 5star
This set is Great!! I am so happy with this purchase!! My lights come on when I want and I can even control them away from home!
Great just need more! Overall easy convenient product love the fact I can control my lights from anywhere would like more multi pack options for whole houses only got a Room outta four pk.
DO NOT BUY THESE IF YOU HAVE GOOGLE MINI/GOOGLE HOME People who's had success with this have Amazon Alexa's. If you have a Google Home Mini DO NOT BUY THESE.GOOGLE FOR "Looks like Philips Hue Is Not Available Right Now." 10s of thousands of post of people having the same problem. "Looks like Philips Hue Is Not Available Right Now"The Google Mini will work for a minute or two and then you'll get "Looks like Philips Hue Is Not Available Right Now" again... and that's that. You have to delink everything, reset everything, and start over from the beginning only to have it go back to working for an evening and wake up the next morning and it's back to "Looks like Philips Hue Is Not Available Right Now".DO NOT BUY THESE!!!!!
Easy setup - works great Very pleased with this product. Easy to setup and works great! I was trying to decide between TP Link or this Philips Hue. Decided to go with the Philips because of the ease of setting up rooms. I also have the TP Link which works fine but each bulb has to be set up individually in the Kasa app. I like the ease of the Philips better and will stay with this product in the future.
Great service A+
Dont realize how cool it is - till you have it Works well - love having all the control and adjustability
Nice product Good product
Very satisfied Product is awesome and really cool when you link it to Alexa. Now we just speak to turn on the lights or turn on individual lights.
Would buy from again Works perfectly
Lights on and off , automated at your convenient Very cool light ,it is programmable timer, set it and leave it ..lights on when you get home and lights out when you go to bed....lol easier way to do thing remotely
Prompt shipping and product arrived as described. Very satisfied, got the light kit as expected and it arrived as expected.
Smart Home Ready Once my husband and I were able to figure out the setup we had it connected it to Google Home easily. I hope Philips hue has an outdoor light. That is my next purchase!
Great product!!! Love them!Ease of use, the application and functionallity.
simple easy setup amazing product lights up my rooms woth my alexa voice control simple and easy setup
Highly upset! I bought this for my dad and he received it re-packed and the bulbs swapped out! I’m so upset and humiliated.
bien Bien
Missing a piece... Well my box came today. Was so excited to get it set up... Opened the box and noticed that it didn't have the insert to plug it in... So now I'm pissed....
Almost all we need. Works like they should, just wish they had more light. 60 Watt equivalent in not really enough.
works great works great
Fantastic lights, work perfectly with google home and I ... Fantastic lights, work perfectly with google home and I wish I could have one of these in each room of the house. You can name the lights whatever you want in the google home app and use your voice to set them to any percent brightness you want.
Satisfied customer Works really well with Alexa, and it's own hub and app. It's pretty straightforward with the setup and installation. Its dimmable and full brightness is good. You'll have to learn how to set up automatic modes. The hub is behind a wall and one is used as light outside for the front porch. Farthest light is about 100 ft with 2 walls between it and the hub. No problems so far.
Smart home Smart home lighting is great
Easy to use and set up, love them. I love how easy these are to get set up and then use.
Plan to buy for every fixture in the house...LOVE! If you haven’t looked into smart bulbs than I will save you the research, these are great!!!!
Love it Love how easy to use and integrate with Alexa
Works like a charm I bought these for automation purposes (of course) and they work just as told. Simple install/setup process and the bulbs are much brighter than other LED bulbs I've had. I'll definitely purchase more HUE bulbs in the future.
Missing main part Came without the hub
Love them. Work perfectly with our Alexa system Love them. Work perfectly with our Alexa system. Also, the timer feature on the app is great for our outdoor lights.
The Phillips Hue Bridge is AWESOME! I bought this specifically because it had two bulbs included, so it was a great value... but the real treasure is the Hue Bridge. You can run your lights with Alexa or Google Home with just this, but it is even more useful when combined with SmartThings or Hubitat. I prefer Hubitat for local control.... and because of this bridge, Hubitat can see all my devices!
Bueno Muy bueno
Five Stars I have fallen in love with these lights!
Who'd have thought you HAVE to plug in a Ethernet cable to a WiFi device? Who'd have thought you HAVE to plug in a Ethernet cable to a WiFi device? That's what reduces it to 4 stars. There are a few annoying glitches with it sometimes, nothing worthy of deducting a star for, but things like occasionally you turn off the lights and nothing happens, or you turn them down and nothing happens. But this is infrequent and I can blame a good chunk of that on my crappy internet provider. What annoys me the most is that the hub must be plugged in thru an Ethernet cable. It talks to the lights via my Wifi, but can't itself run on Wifi. So I've an additional white box lingering around with my Apple Airport looking like I collect small white plastic boxes as ornaments... Meh. Technology huh.
Easy to set up for someone unfamiliar with the computer ear The product is wonderful. We used in our living room and bed room. Easy to set up and work great
Wife thought it was a waste of money Easy setup, but most of all wife loves it
b'Great quality- great lighting Our package arrived nicely packaged and on time. These bulbs are AWESOME! They are actually brighter than I thought they would be, which is great because it is exactly what we hoped for. We had no issues pairing them with the hub and the iphone app. The sellers are great; I would recommend them and this product. ???? My husband & I plan to order more for the rest of our house.'
Missing outlet prongs I’m sure I would like this product if I could plug it in
Overall pretty awesome A little difficult getting it synced to Alexa, but overall pretty awesome!
So disappointed with this I am so over trying to get this thing to work. It works fine for a while then just stops responding. And EVERY single time I access the app it says I have to update it, which takes forever and then the bulbs are still unresponsive. All of my smart home devices are occasionally quirky but this has proven to be more trouble than it's worth.
Terrible Do not buy this. The worst experience of my life. This was the most frustrating thing I’ve ever tried to do. Still can’t make it work. I don’t want to use my phone or Apple. I want the Alexa to control these lights. Even when I try to use Apple it doesn’t work. Unless you work for NASA or a similar agency in the computer division don’t put yourself through this.
I love Philips Hue I purchased this because I live in an apartment and can't change light fixtures or switches to use a system like Lutron Casseta. I love how its all plug and play. Just connect the hub to your router, screw in the bulbs, and use the app to connect everything. I also connected my Hue system to my google home to give me voice control. I lost wifi one day and had to actually use the light switches, and just about lost my mind. I was so used to being able to use my phone or voice. If you are looking to get into the smart home game, this is a great first step. Get it.
Faulty bulb and poor customer support I ordered 4 philips hue smart bulbs with a bridge and the problem is one of the bulbs does not work properly.- First scenario, I turn off all the bulbs, and this bulb turns on automatically- Second scenario, I turn off all the bulbs and then this one bulb goes into unreachable state. The weird thing is after a few mins it lights up automatically and is reachable again- I also tried to do a software update which firstly, took like forever. When that completed, it did not fix the problem either- Tried disconnecting and connecting light bulbs, a factory reset of the bridge etc but nothing fixed the issueFinally I reached out to the philips hue customer support. Their contact us page says they are available 24/7 on facebook and respond within 1 hour. What it does not say is that 1 hour wait time is for every message your send. So after 2 hours, the person asked me to call customer support. In those 2 hours I was asked dumb questions like which country I live in and if I have proof of purchase (not even the order id).
Purchased NEW item at full price - However... I just received my Phillips Hue Starter Kit about an hour ago. I have yet to try it out. However when I opened it, I found that the outer seal was cut and the materials inside had been either used or tested by a previous customer. All of the cords were loose and not tied together, just kind of forced back into the plastic box insert, etc. It’s hard to imagine that it was actually quality checked by Amazon when it was returned. Just kind of jammed in the box. I am hoping it’s ok. My reason for writing this is that I paid full retail ($69.00) for a “new” item. There were several “used” Starter Kits for sale beginning at about $46.00. I chose to purchase a new item to ensure I had best quality, fresh bulbs, et al. So I’m a little disappointed that I received a Starter Kit that was a previously opened and quite possibly used. I’ve been an Amazon customer since 2000 and have always been satisfied. I feel like a received a used item at the “new” price. I’ll be programming the bulbs and kit tomorrow. Hoping it all works as new.
defective 1 of the 2 bulbs doesn't work and I threw away the packaging so can't return. very disappointed.
Five Stars Best bulbs!!
Great addition to home! Make sure you have this before buying any other smart lights. You have to have this hub to communicate with your lights. These have been an awesome addition to our home. Dimming the brightness is super convenient too. I wanted to buy a lamp for my living room so in the evenings I could have a dull light to relax in. I don't have to buy a lamp anymore, I just dim these lights down and the lighting is perfect! The app could use a little work, it's not too difficult to understand but if someone wasn't technically inclined, they'd get lost navigating through it. I love that I can set timers so the outdoor lights can come on daily when its dusk and shut off daily at dawn. Or while we're on vacation I can have different lights come off and on to make it seem like someone is home. Overall, we're excited to have these and will be buying more for other rooms!
Great Lightbulbs We love our hue lights. Very pleased with this purchase.
These are great! There is a function where you can set ... These are great! There is a function where you can set it up from your phone and turn on the lights wherever you are. Helps to prevent you from coming home To a dark house. Very easy set up with instructions and compatible with Alexa.
Good update of bridge. I had the 1st gen bridge. It stopped working with Alexa, kind of a bummer. So, had to update to keep about a dozen Hue bulbs productive. Works great, and the new bridge is easier to use than the 1st gen.
Supposed to be easy to use I didn’t know which app to use. Didn’t know how to use it through Alexa or how to get Support. Got them to work, but not to their full potential
Bridge is a waste of a purchase in my opinion I love the bulbs for this product, however the bridge and Alexa don't seem to play well.
Four Stars Nice
Fast service Just love Philips products !
CANNOT SET DEFAULT COLOR I am keeping this a 1 star until they get something fixed: the ability to set a default color when turned on. I like my daylight (6500k) color but when you set up wake up timers, it switches back to the warm light. WHO WAKES UP TO WARM YELLOWISH LIGHT???? We need the BLUE light to get us up. Stupid. Philips, your a big company so you should have included this in your app; what is your excuse?!
Works great with Alexa. Works great with Alexa.
Works great Simple and very effective
Expensive, but great bulbs Walk into the bedroom, issue a vocal request, dim the lights. Beautiful
Smart Bulb Love being able to control the bedroom lights without having to get it. Plus I have them dimming over a half hour when I should be going to sleep and brightening over 10 mins when I should be waking. My only complaint is the cost.
Wait for a Sale! These are the future! Being able to make my living room whatever color I want and even use Alexa to control it all is amazing! But these frequently go on sale , so I would never pay full price for them.
Might Burn Out Fast on Dimmer Switches If not on a Dimmer, great system and interface with Alexa. Just got off the phone with Philips Hue Warranty because we bought the whole system last Christmas as a gift and a few months later, a bulb randomly stopped working. The Philips rep said if these are put on a dimmer switch they will burn out quickly or just won't work at all, and they do NOT warranty anything that has ever been on a dimmer switch. Rep said it clearly states no dimmers on the packaging, but I did not notice it and do not see it noted anywhere else here, so I thought I would let consumers know beforehand. Risky if you plan on putting these on a dimmer. The system and bulbs are extremely pricey so constantly replacing bulbs would be a small fortune, wasteful and terrible for the environment.
They perform as expected. One of the bulbs didn't work.
Easy to install and control I got the starter kit and a colored lamp. Very easy to install and set up the app. Many features in the app to control the light in different areas of the house. Works perfectly!
Doesn't work Bulbs work but hub doesn't find bulbs. Very little tech support online and the basic guidelines they provide don't help at all (assuming you can read ChineseEnglish - "turn on bulb main and make work"). I'm pretty tech savvy but this is ridiculous. These bulbs require a separate hub that you need to connect with the short wire they provide to your router, and then they say your router will interfere with the signal if the hub is too close and your bulbs won't link up. Changing Zigbee channels was a waste of time.Buy bulbs that don't require a dedicated hub instead of these.
Five Stars Easy to install - both product and apps. Paired with our Echo Show. Would definitely recommend.
Easy to set up My local power company offered this kit absolutely free to its customers. I jumped at the chance as I have a number of Alexa products in my home and I thought this would be a neat addition. I am 76 years old and I usually have no problem setting anything up. I read over the leaflet that that came with the kit and went online to get more information. It took less than 15 minutes for the whole process and the product works flawlessly. I will be getting more lights in the near future, I will the only thing that I don’t care for is that I wish the lights were brighter. They are the more yellowish cast and I do like the brighter lights. It is very comforting to know that I can wake up in the morning and tell Alexa to turn on my kitchen light and turn off my Living room light. I have my Living room light on all night, however I do them at very low and use it as a night light. I can’t wait for what they bring in the near future, just love all this stuff.Reading the reviews of the Phillips Hue light bulbs, it seems that customers do not always read the product description completely,and miss the fact that a hub is needed to use the properties of the bulb
Awesome product These things are awesome I get constant migraines and cant move sometimes so I can just tell google to turn the lights off
Convenient I can control lights by voice.
Awesome! Perfect product, great service!! Made a great birthday gift.
Very good product Easy to setup with my google assistant. The light transition/fading when turning on and off is very pleasing and smooth. 10/10 would buy more!
Really enjoy having control at hand Use for living room and bathroom lights we leave on at night, but now can lower and raise remotely. For us a great convenience.
Easy and functional Great idea. Easy setup and integration with Alexa.
Get your fancy lighting on! Bought this from the treasure truck, and it’s great! Easy to set up! Does not work with dimmers, so find a light you want to control and set this up! App is easy to use and can work with Alexa as well. Would recommend!
Not working as I envisioned. Purchased this in additon a previously purchased bridge only to discover that the bulbs provided with this bridge are not recognized by the older bridge already in service. Still having issues with this system being compatible with Google Assistant. The system works fine as a stand alone.
Five Stars wonderful
Great idea, inconsistent execution I like the automation, but would like it more if it didn't randomly disconnect and have to be reset on a pretty much weekly basis.
Good, Bridge needs more range I like Hue. Seems strange that you need a bulb to extend the range of the bridge — as I understand it — but I like the ability to control the color of light right on my phone. I bought a light strip that I tape to Light up a wheel well for pictures of my company’s kits.
A stupid smart light Do not buy these lights! These lights are good in theory but they are not ready for prime time in the slightest. The main gripe I have is that you cannot use your actual light switch to use these lights in the way you likely want to. For example, say you want a nice blue tinted light in your room rather than the more yellow tint the bulb gives off when you first put in in. Too bad. Seriously, turning the light off with your light switch automatically resets the color back to the standard yellow rather than the color you took the time to set it to. The only work around are to 1) use the app to turn your lights on and off (cumbersome and unintuitive) or 2) to buy their light switch (which, if you ever accidentally use your real light switch to turn the lights off, still means you must use the app to get them back to the color you desired. That’s ridiculously stupid for a ‘’smart’’ light.
Easy to set up These bulbs have transformed my bedroom! I have a variety of scenes set to accommodate times like "reading" or "meditation". Also love that I can control them through my Echo.
No customer service for Ultraloq UL3 BT Bluetooth nice product easy to manually install but when it comes to the apps to manage on your phone, I was unable to scan the bar code and no possibility to enter it manually (Hue Phillips allows it). Without the bar code I cannot install the apps and I am back to a basic lock (not smart anymore). I called the customer service many times over couple pf days but they never answered the phone. maybe this review will solve the issue...
Works good with alexa Works
Works well. I tell google assistant to turn on the lights. While I am still at work i love it.
Good Product Good Product! Easy to install and use
No hands All of it
Love this system I so much fun telling alexa to turn on and off the lights
Great product! Great product. The smart lights are a great asset!
Very impressed This was the easiest tech equipment that I have ever set up. I bought the hue bridge and link it with Alexa along with four lights. I grouped the lights together and set up a routine where the bedroom lights come on while my alarm is going off. I like this so much that I order four more lights.
Five Stars I like tech, this works well and works as described. I will ad more when the time comes too.
Works great with Alexa Easy set up and works great with Alexa. I love that they dim too.
Ease of use The product was very easy to install and pair with the respected devices. I use it for security and convenience . Could be brighter but works good.
Excellent! Works Great!
Highly recommend! We’ve had these lights for a little while now and they work great! Setup couldn’t of been simpler and the app is extremely user friendly. Highly recommend for anyone looking into smart bulbs for their home
I love being about to ask the lights to be dimmed ... My husband and I no longer fight over who needs to get out bed to turn the bedroom lights on or off. We simply ask Alexa and it's done. I love being about to ask the lights to be dimmed and since they are in a ceiling fan with 3 bulbs I can ask Alexa to turn off specific bulbs if I go to sleep before my husband.
Excelente producto Funciona perfecto, fácil de usar (funciona en chile con 220V)
Nice device and easy installation they were easy to install and work nicely with my Amazon Echo. The app seems non-intrusive as well. I like being able to tell my Echo to turn on the lights! or Make the lights 30%. etc...
Five Stars as described
Five Stars hate the hub but still a great prodcut
My young grandson hate it. My grandson is sooo old fashioned young man. He don't like the idea of having the smart lights in the house so he shut everything off on purpose. What he don't realized and don't give a damn about his own grandmother safely at night. Now, it sitting in the closet collecting dust.
Easy to get linked Easy to get linked, took me a bit to get everything setup and working with easy voice commands. Absolutely in love with my on-going smart house project, these are at the heart of it.easy voice command for on/off, and dim-able, setting up groups is a must
Five Stars Love these. The programming is so much better than using older timer technology.
Fantastic! I purchased this starter pack (required, as you need the hub if you want to get these to work with Alexa) from the Treasure Truck recently and discovered my love and need for internet-connected lights! These things are great for all kinds of uses, and I have even purchased additional bulbs since purchasing this starter pack.First off, these lights are not WET RATED, but I have taken the risk of putting them in each of my porch lights. So far my experience has been good, but it has rained very little since install. Using the Hue app, I was able to set the lights to automatically turn on at sunset and off at sunrise, which is something I struggle with. I remember to turn the porch lights on at bed, but forget to turn them off when I wake. These do it for me, which is great.I also placed on in my hallway to use as a nightlight. The brightness can adjust from 1% - 100% from the app or via Alexa, and it's a great night light replacement. My kids prefer this light over a traditional nightlight due to the light that it emits over an entire area versus a small area against a wall.The lights are soft white, so not overpowering, but they're pretty bright. They look great on the porches and are a great addition to my smart home.The setup of the hub is easy, and it's even easier to set it up with Alexa! It's easy to then control your lights from your phone, through Alexa, and even Xfinity Home application if you have Home Security.
Great product Great product
Love it I like it but some times it glitch out using the home kit on the iPhone but it’s nice
Terrible UX. okay. updating software disconnected me from alexa. and I always have to go through IFFT for activating HUE bulbs. Terrible UX.
I Feel Lazier Already! I will admit, I was a skeptic of the whole "smart home" thing. I've had a google home for a while now and never really used it to it's full potential. With this kit though, I took large step towards achieving that. Set up for this only took about 25 mins and then google was turning on/off my lights whenever I asked. The app for your phone is great and easy to use. You can also add several other lights after you set this up. I have it controlling my living room lights and my bedroom lights.
Five Stars I'm addicted to these bulbs and pairing them with my Echo.
Total scam for consumer support. Only offers support for companies. What a scam. If you try to go to the Philips Hues Website and contact support, as soon as you change it from Company to person, the form remains, but the send button disappears.Purchased the A19 two bulb starter kit. Installed them in two identical lamps on either side of the bed. Showed my husband how to work his. He thought the light was brighter than what we used to have in there so he asked if it could be dimmed. We tried Alexa at all percentages from 10-90. Unless you had it at 100% it flickers. I assumed it was just the bulb. But tonight Alexa was having issue so I went to the Hue app to turn off my light and I found the three scenes - night light - dimmer and normal. I turned on night light and looking at the lamp on my side of the bed it was lovely. But turned my head to see my husbands side and he has the flicker. So apparently it’s just his bulb that is defective.I went to manufacturer to ask the question and see about replacing the defective bulb since I really don’t want to return the entire kit I purchased with the Echo Dot and Bridge that I’ve already setup.
Great! Works great! Very easy to set up and control from the app as well as using Alexa.
Color Not white, its yellow.Also packaging looking like it has been opened before but it say new.
so much for amazon claiming a product is like new or very good i purchased this as a warehouse deal a number of months ago, but unfortunately didn't go to use it until now only to discover that someone had swapped the hub with a different ones and therefore the numbers didn't match and the hub wouldn't even turn on. so much for amazon claiming a product is like new or very good, i thought they were supposed to check things like that.
I would recommend this product. The setup is easy I bought this product for my bedroom. The setup is very easy. But to connect it with google home, first you need to unlink any previous bridges if connected and then link this bridge. I faced issues in adding this hue bridge to google home mini as I had another bridge already linked(which I returned).
Good Very great concept and great bulbs. I use them with a few devices and all is good
Five Stars Great value
Five Stars Great feature for any smart home
Easy to setup and works immediately Ordered it through amazon. It arrived and within 20mins, I was done with the first bulb. Most of the time was spent on looking for where to use the bulb. Set up was very easy and did not require any more effort than plugging 2 wires and unscrewing / screwing the bulbs. App could be a little more intuitive as it not as user friendly to setup. Using the app is very easy though.Buying more bulbs.
This is not the order that you will receive. This is not a kit, this is four loose lightbulbs slamming into each other in a crappy plastic bag, and no control hub. Returned for refund, they didn't bother to make my order complete, I'm not bothering with them anymore.
Worthy of the high price - can't ever go back to normal bulbs! Coming from non-dimmable, "dumb" lights, these are life changing. I watched and read about these for over 2 years before taking the plunge. And even after that hype and expectations, me and my wife are blown away. So simple and easy to use with voice commands or phone app. Yet can also create complex commands, such as timers, alarms, sync with TV/music, IFTTT, etc. You will not be disappointed!Great:-- Precise dimming (much more flexible than typical 3 stage lamps)-- Works with Siri, Google, and Alexa!-- Truly easy to setup, 1 button to press to sync everything-- Expandability and ecosystem, can't wait to add color Hue's, light strips, and portable lampsNot Great:-- Much more expensive than regular bulbs, and you will want to buy more over time-- Philips must continue to update software to keep these bulbs and ecosystem relevant in the coming years
These were a gift. Cant review. Gift I cant review
Requires Ethernet hardline. Boo Lame. Why do I have to connect the bridge to my router with a hard Ethernet line?! Everything else about this product uses WiFi, why can’t the bridge? Old tech at today’s prices.
Good choince for smart lights if using Alexa These worked well - I was concerned about adding a hub that would have to communicate with Alexa, but the setup was easy.I was also concerned that the commands would be convoluted. They were not. Some devices have instructions like, "Alexa, tell Acmehub to turn on hallway lights" - it's not like that. The command is "Alexa, turn on hallway lights."I was pleased to see that no other dimmer device is required. I presumed incorrectly that I would need the Phillips Hue dimmer. But Alexa does it without a separate dimmer: Just say, "Alexa, dim hallway lights"
Great product. Seamless setup, easy to use, works great with Alexa. I was kind of worried about purchasing these. I was afraid they would be overly complicated to set up and be a pain to set up with Alexa. I am a tech savvy person, but some of these smart home systems are just not set up well.So I was pleasantly surprised that I got all of this up and running under ten minutes! Just to help anyone out who needs clarification....you need the hub to be able to use the lightbulbs with Alexa (or whichever digital assistant). You just plug that into your router, then set up the Hue app on your phone and the Alexa app to connect it. It's actually surprisingly simple. Alexa understands me and the commands very easily without issue....extremely happy with this purchase!Creating a smart home used to be for billionaires like Bill Gates....now it's affordable and useful enough to be a good fit for everyone! It's very nice to be able to on and off lights with just your voice and app and not having to move.
Save you codes! Very cool!
I'm new to the new world order.. I'm kind of new to these types of things... WiFi lights and radios and a woman talking to you out of a speaker and knows everything.. so I bought these because I'm a control freak so I wanted to control a situation where I always get in bed and the lights are on lol.. so to prevent from getting back out of the bed, I could use the app to turn them off. I'm a little reluctant.. maybe I'm being weird but I think I just want a clapper... Lol... If your hip to the new technology u will appreciate this more than me..? I will update my review in a week or so. Let me see if I can get the hang of this.
Works great, love the Hue app I love my hue bulbs. The app, settings and timers are great!
Poor lighting Terrible dim yellow/brown color
I need brighter light please! These are great paired with Alexa! Only issue is the lights just aren’t bright enough. Especially in the kitchen.
I love these bulbs for reading lights I hate getting up in the middle of the night to turn off my reading light! Being able to adjust the light with the dimmer funtion makes ot so I'm not bothering other people if I'm up later than they are. I'm planning on getting more bulbs and converting my whole home so I can turn on and off whole rooms with a tap of a button!
Four Stars Good lights. They don't dim warm like an incandescent bulb does, but other than that they are nice.
Light color is pretty yellow, not a pleasant soft white glow! I am very disappointed that the color of the white light is a bit yellow, kinda sickly compact fluorescent yellow. This is the most important part of a light!As for the connected home system, it’s actually hard for the family to switch over, I am glad it can still work as a normal light, just have to turn off then back on if not using the app. A physical remote switch would have helped the rest of the family who doesn’t want to try something new. The smart home system doesn’t work for you yet, you have to fit your life around it.
Disappointed I thought the lights were white not that tipical yellow light :(
Ordered New, received Refurbished product When I opened the box, it really didn't appear to be a new product, as there were no instructions and the packing seemed odd. Upon inspecting the hub, I noticed dirty marks on it. Again, I didn't think too much of it at first. Then, when I hooked it up, it wouldn't configure, as if it was already configured for use by someone else. So I did a factory reset and all appears to be working now.I looked at the box after everything was setup and noticed the pink "R" sticker. It is now obvious this was a returned product. Can't say i'm too happy about it. Pictures attached.So far, the lights and the hub are working as expected.
Two Stars I dind't like the light colour
Five Stars It is a must have for the geek homeowner, you will be hooked
Color too soft for me. I think the lights are too yellow. Seems softer than old fashioned incandescent lamps - surprised i am not seeing others comment on this, but if you want white, look elsewhere. I was looking at these for the living room, dining room and kitchen, and these won't work for me. Everything with the kit worked wonderful - easy to set up, worked seamlessly with Alexa - I am just disappointed with the color. (image shows contrasting white light).
Five Stars very good
Great Idea Works great! A little pricey. Hopefully it’ll come down in price soon.
Works great with Netgear ORBI and Google Home except power outages this is a wonderful addition to the Google Home devices that I have scattered all over my home. We have a Google Home mini in the bedroom as well as the office, plus a bigger Google Home placed halfway between living room & kitchen...so (3) Google Home devices scattered over 1200sq ft.This Philips HUE bridge was a snap for setup and connectivity via the included ethernet cable into a vacant port on the back of my Netgear ORBI router. Put the 60W LED bulbs into (6) different lamps in the living room as well as the kitchen & bedroom. Downloaded the Philips HUE app from Google Play Store and installed the app on my Samsung Galaxy S9 smartphone....the phone/app connected to home Wi-Fi along with the Philips HUE bridge too. Within seconds, the Samsung phone (app) identified/located all six lightbulbs. Changing the names and locations was simple.Now, I can control (8) lights in our "downsized" apartment with my voice commands, thanks to Google Home-Philips HUE & Netgear ORBI.UPDATE 11JUL2018: at 0130hrs, we experienced a brief power outage, when the power returned--all (8) lights came on & stayed on. I could not turn off the lights because our Netgear ORBI router & modem rebooted (restarted). The whole Google Home system went down offline and could not reconnect until our home Wi-Fi was back up & running. So...at 1:30 in the a.m., I find myself standing in my living room with all (8) Philips HUE lights powered on and no way to turn them off because the Wi-Fi was restarting and Google Home was disconnected
Easy set up and use with mobile app Worked great. My son is afraid of the dark so we got him this. He LOVES it. Got can set the lights to go on and off at certain times or via voice commands. Even has a night lite mode. Now he can tell his echo from downstairs to turn on the hall light when we get home. No one is scared to go upstairs by themselves any more. Just wish it came with 1-2 more bulbs.
Five Stars Great Lights! Already have purchased multiple more for other family members.
Bought white light but it’s yellow Work perfectly regarding automation. Althought, I bought “white light”, these bulbs are yellow
Didn't work, but you get to keep it! Did not work with my network. Was purchased for a move in gift to a new house and did not have a chance to test this unit before the return window closed. I guess I get to own a useless set of bulbs now. Yay! Maybe don't bother buying this product.
One Star only 2 bulbs worked
Fantastic lights These bulbs and hub were easy to setup and connect to Echo Dot. Nice and bright. Dimmable too, even using Alexa.
Five Stars Easy to setup and adjust lightness.
Get just the bulbs, not the hub, if you have an Echo You don't need the hub if you have an Echo, and in fact, the two won't work with each other: if you pair your bulbs to the Hue Hub, then Alexa can't locate them for use with her.
Never touch a switch again. Super easy to set up. Works great with Alexa. I will be getting more of these bulbs
Need something to do to keep you busy. Worked flawlessly for 4 moths. Now it constantly disconnects. Alexa tells me phillps hue not responding. Too much time spent trouble shooting something that is meant to make life easier....not worth the trouble. Online help...some folks spent three hours with on the phone with support only to find out they need an updated hue ..never again.
One Star Poor quality. Flickers, doesn't respond, lag, and poor connectivity.
Good Like
Works great with Augmented Reality app  I am already using other solutions so this was my experiment. Setup was very easy and once I got everything working with Hue lights app, I did the setup with Augmented Reality app. I can now control lights with augmented reality by looking at them, it's awesome!
Must Have for Safety and Protection Use with my Echo Dot,"Alexa All Lights On""Alexa Turn on Bedroom light""Alexa Bedroom light 100%""Alexa Bedroom light 1%""Alexa Front Bedroom light 50%"Also allows over the internet to remotely turn on the lights at home. When alarm goes off all lights flash.
I like these for the ease of instalation and connection to ... I like these for the ease of instalation and connection to the bridge and app. I wish the color ones were cheeper but these are good for kitchen or just in the lamp next to my bed.
Happy with this product and buy! FINALY A WORKING SMART HOME SYSTEM! This other product I bought SUCKED! I sent it back and bought these and if was VERY EASY to setup and get to work! Thanks so much!
Lights on!! This product will light up your life or your bedroom or living room!! Works well with Alexa!
Fun! Talk to my lights every Day!
Great starter kit A great way to start your Smart Home setup. The bridge needs to be connected to your network (Wired only; no wifi) and from there you can connect bulbs, dimming remotes and other stuff. Alexa integration works well, as does the Android app.The Hue protocol isn't as flexible as some others, but it works well for lights and similar.
It's next to useless and I'm very disappointed Bluetooth works about 40% of the time due to updates. Most of the time it's easier, and less frustrating, to get up and go to wall switch and use on/orff/dimmer - and that requires 2 wheelchair transfers for me. It's next to useless and I'm very disappointed. Thought it would make life easier but doesn't. If I could rate it 0 stars that would be more accurate.
Five Stars Work great. Just wish they came in brighter bulbs.
Easy install, Nest ready. These bulbs and bridge were easy to install, I had a basic schedule for four rooms up and running in a half hour.Sellers shipping was super quick!
Seriously cool and easy to install and control with your phone Seriously cool and easy to install and control with your phone. I love the leaving and returning options. Nice warm hue that isn't overly bright.
Magical bulbs for a great price. The bulbs are magic, but this is more for the bridge. The bridge is super easy to set up. It's literally "plug and play" and all you need is the app.The bridge does it's thing - push the giant button (see pic) - then screw in the bulbs.The app will "discover" the bulbs and then apply the updates. THIS WILL TAKE ABOUT 1 HOUR PER BULB!!! Now, this part got annoying as I needed to keep my phone on for this, but that's a rather small annoyance for the end result which is better light, on my schedule, plug and play easy, with a soft glow in the morning that is voice activated. The price is always great because Amazon is always having SOME kind of sale on these things.
Three Stars I like these lights but think they are pricey.
A little pricey, but solid and works great. A little pricey, but solid and works great.
Total control over the lights. This is the second set of Philips Hue lights I buy. I love the control I get with them, whether using the Philips Hue App, Alexa or Siri, I can control each independent bulb, the light intensity, etc.One thing to mention, these are NOT white as the name indicates. These are yellowish lights. If you want a white light (or something closer looking to a true white) you'll need the color bulb which can be adjusted to white.Other than this, I love everything about them.
Great product Great product, directions could use some help.
While the idea of a smart bulb is appealing While the idea of a smart bulb is appealing, when combined with Alexa, this device often doesn’t function properly. I don’t know if it is a result of Alexa, or if it is the bulb itself. It frequently drops the Wi-Fi connection, or just doesn’t respond to voice commands.
Works As Advertised, Great Range of Dim to Bright I purchased this to integrate with my recent purchase of an Amazon Echo Dot. Setup of the hub, and integrating the hub, smartphone app (Android app in my case) and bulbs was not difficult following the instructions, especially if you have even surface level knowledge of basic home networking. If you setup a router in the past, this will be very simple.I have a projector / theater setup, and these work great for brightening/dimming the lights using voice commands or from the app without leaving your seat! Not to mention the cool factor when guests come over of subtly dimming the lights to impress guests :)
Not discoverable, even through the hue app! This is a waste of money. It does NOT work;!
Automated Porch Light! I love these bulbs! I set one up on my porch light and one inside my home. Now whenever I’m working late I can come home to a lit porch and a table lamp once sunset hits!
These bulbs work great. I use alexa to control them most of ... These bulbs work great. I use alexa to control them most of the time and it works better than your would expect. I love the ability to control each bulb and dim them each individually. good quality product at a good price.
Five Stars Very happy I got this to start my smart home lighting.
Not only the product quality is bad. Some bulbs started to go out after a ... Warnings!!! DO NOT BUY Philips light buils!!!I purchased several packs of Philips bulbs. Not only the product quality is bad. Some bulbs started to go out after a couple of months and the rest went out from 1-4 years (while Philips claims they could last for over 7-10 years!). The worse part is Philips Lighting's customer service. They do not back up their products. I reported their products quality issues and sent them a copy of the receipt of my purchase. And below is what they wrote back. I purchased some bulbs from GE as well. Some were having problems as well. After contacting GE and sending them the receipt of my purchase, GE apologized immediately and sent me some coupons for replacement bulbs (see the attached GE reply compared to Philips below).Philips Lighting just hopes to intimate all customers by their unreasonable technical questions that consumers do not need to know. They put up these barriers to try to get away from any warranty claim.DO NOT BUY Philips. Go for GE instead!----below is from Philips lighting customer service after I sent them the receipt -------In order to better assist you with your warranty complaint, may you please provide the following information:How many hours per day are the lamps in use?What is the Model number?(*929* number)What is the UPC number?(*4677* number under barcode)What type of fixture are you using (open/closed)?Is there any discoloration?Were there any dimmers or timers used?(If so what is the manufacture, model and part number of it)?What is the date code(this would be around the country of origin and will be either one number and one letter i.e. 5m or two numbers and two letters i.e. 16JL)?What is the base position that was used (up, down or horizontal)?Please state the installion date.In addition to answering these questions, please attach photo of defective bulbs displaying product information as well as Philips name and the application that the bulbs were used in? Once this information is received, we can move forward in your claim.
love Very practical item, love it
Stops working after 6 months. I've had this for less than 6 months and the hub has stopped working. Have attempted contact with Phiilips but they have not responded.
Just ask Alexa to turn on your lights How to make your home smart without rewiring. Use Philips Hue bulbs.
Comfort in Technology Much needed item to have and make comfortable of your home
These Smart bulbs are life changing These Smart bulbs are life changing. I use mine with Alexa in my entire downstairs. Love the Hue colors and easy install.
Five Stars Great system.
Five Stars Absolutely love these things...I’ll never live in a home without them.
WASTE OF MONEY!! WONT REMEMBER LAST SETTING!! The thing they fail to point out is YOU MUST HAVE AN AVAILABLE WIRED LAN PORT FOR THE HUB ON YOUR WIFI ROUTER. That's a pain in the butt when you have Google WiFi and you already have something plugged into the ONE port in the room where you want the hub.Even worse... THE BULBS WON'T REMEMBER THEIR LAST SETTING. I got this specifically to enforce lights-out with my youngest. Go to all this trouble to set it up and he can just turn the lights back on by flicking the switch on and off. I basically just have a remote control that lets me turn off his lights without opening his door. That's all. That is NOT WORTH THIS KIND OF MONEY!Go look at the *developer* message boards. Apparently people have been BEGGING Philips to fix this for YEARS, but they won't.
Five Stars I am so spoiled by echo and not having to run around the house turning lights off at bedtime.
Works great with Alexa, unless the internet is out This works great with Alexa most of the time. Obviously, if the internet is out, it's not going to work because Alexa is not going to work. Sometimes Alexa says she cannot contact The Hub. I ignore her and simply ask again. This has always worked. As long as Alexa is working, it will work the second time. She will turn the light on and off, change its brightness , Etc. This was the Kit with the White lights only, but if you have the color lights, she will change the color also. Pretty cool if you ask me.
Great lights! Works well when the Hue application is used on iPhone 6.
Five Stars Great product love to light my home in smart way
Really awesome! However - be forwarded - this doesn't connect ... Really awesome! However - be forwarded - this doesn't connect to wifi. I'm finding myself forced to buy a switch to put in my office because I only have an ethernet jack. If you're getting this for your house and can plug it in to your router, you're all good.
Set Up in 3 Easy Steps (sarcasm)!!! I had really high expectations for this product when the setup instructions consisted of 3 steps: 1) screw in the lightbulbs and power them up; 2) Connect the Hue Bridge to your Wifi router; 3) Download the Hue app and play around with your lights! Those expectations were quickly dashed when I got to step 3 however. After installing the app, it could not find the Hue Bridge unless I was standing with my phone right next to the bridge. I'm talking about less than 2 ft away here. Then, when trying to set up the light bulbs it insisted on assigning all 4 bulbs to the same room! I assumed I had downloaded the incorrect app, so I deleted it. But then a quick search on the internet showed that I did have the correct app so I downloaded it a second time. However, after installing the app a second time it could not find the Hue Bridge no matter how close I was standing to it with my phone. After an hour I just gave up and submitted a return request to Amazon.3 easy steps my uncle!
two of the light bulbs will turn on and off ... two of the light bulbs will turn on and off randomly. i guess i was the unlucky one to get a defective package.
The work great! Easy/quick to configure and fit perfectly in all my standard fixtures. The work great! Easy/quick to configure and fit perfectly in all my standard fixtures.
Five Stars The ability to change brightness on a bulb and turn on/off with siri is so convenient.
Five Stars Work great. Couldn't imagine the house without them.
Four Stars Love the ease of use, however they tend to turn off an on without being set too.
Four Stars Functionality as advertised. Just needed more brightness. App could be more intuitive and user friendly.
You can turn on and off the lights really away from home!!! This is a fantastic product, indeed works, really great how you can set routines for this bulbs to turn on/off according to your needs, or even that you can turn on the bulbs away from home....and when I say "away" I mean even from another country.I am from Costa Rica and recently travel to the US, and my neighbors don't even realize I was out for one week. I set routines for specific house areas to turn on/off according to sunrise and sunset, and for my kitchen and bedroom I manually turn on and off the lights every night so everyone things I was at home!!!
Fantastic quality, price is OK Fantastic quality, price is OK, work seamlessly with my Apple Homepod. Enlighten my room immediately after receiving my voice command. But the house is too empty, need a hostess to fill in it.
Great product. Really easy to install Great product. Really easy to install. Received in great condition. Download the app to an apple and android phone and it works great. I personally like using the timer in my kids room to wake her up in the morning.
Five Stars The perfect starter kit for adding smart bulbs to the house. Easy to set up.
I’m in LOVE with these bulbs and my boyfriend keeps making fun ... My life is forever changed. I’m in LOVE with these bulbs and my boyfriend keeps making fun of how I’m nerding out over how many different combos etc I can set for mood and functionality. I literally have a routine in which I tell Alexa(which you can link up separately) “I have to pee” and a little night light will come on in the bathroom for those times at night where you would usually have to stumble around in the dark. I love it.
Get with the times! First off, I bought this product off of Amazon. It did not mention anywhere that you needed a connector/bridge to actually use the product. Not to mention, the bulb alone was near $50?! After returning that item and buying the pack of a bulb and bridge for near $70, I download the app in order to connect the bridge. The app is useless is helping me out or even having settings to where I can contact personnel about how to work the bridge. Supposedly you can use an IP Address instead of plugging into a router... after about two hours of trying over and over again I finally manage to find the number of a help line. Turns out you need the IP and still must plug into a router? Come on Phillips, you can do better. I would like my time back for how long it took me to realize this product was so out-dated. Since that is not possible I am 100% returning this product and telling everyone and their mom about the horrible customer service I had once I called the help line as well as how terrible this product is. Really? You can connect to Alexa devices but you can't wirelessly connect to a WiFi network? So what happens when me and the rest of the thousands of people who don't have a internet router in their home (I rent out an apartment and my landlord has the router in her house) want to use your product? Never again will I use a Phillips product. ONCE AGAIN, GET WITH THE TIMES.
Happy Overall Works great overall. One time I had to reinstall on Alexa since she couldn't get connectivity, but since then I haven't had a problem. Happy with the product and brand.
Perfect much work with my amzon dot Light can be adjusted. Perfect much work with my amzon dot.
Five Stars works very well.
Just tell Alexa how bright you want them and they are just perfect. Each light can be named so you can ... Put these in my ceiling fan. Just tell Alexa how bright you want them and they are just perfect. Each light can be named so you can turn on 1 or all 4 You can really have the right amount of light without having to get up off the couch. The downside is I have gained 15 pounds recently and i'm not sure why...
I don't recommend these. They're neat in theory but the execution ... I don't recommend these. They're neat in theory but the execution is not great. The Philips Hue app is very unreliable.
Works well with easy setup! I decided to splurge on these because they got consistently good reviews and I didn't want to end up spending more on replacing an inferior product. I'm not sure what sort of qualms I would've run into with the cheaper products if any, but I really like this one! Setup was easy and the bulbs are a nice warm color. One thing I don't think I realized was that it requires a direct ethernet connection to your router. This is significant for me because my wifi is through an AT&T hotspot device and only allows one, but probably doesn't affect other people with multiple ports in a router.
Love these bulbs - the dimmable features are wonderful. We first installed HUE light strips in our tray ceiling in our office. We loved the colors and dimmable lights so we added bulbs in our family room, and then a second one in our bedroom behind the headboard. We used the home automation features to change the lights when our Alexa timers go off, or on a schedule. Very good quality. Smart Home: Digital Assistants, Home Automation, and the Internet of Things
Five Stars Love these lights, works great with Alexa.
Five Stars Set up is a breeze. Now I have full control of home lighting, especially front porch night lights!
Two Stars can't get it to work with my alexa.
Five Stars great product
Functions as expected Been using these for months with no issues.
Easy to control when they work and are connected to ... Not the brightest light bulbs but feels natural. Easy to control when they work and are connected to the hue hub. Taking off one star for occasional disconnections, which are really frustrating. I like the morning wake up routine that is available from the app.
Four Stars Very convenient.
Easy set up, easy operation, and its fun to use! Set this up last night and its working great so far. I love being able to control the lights in the house with my voice! You can tell Siri to dim to specific percentages, moods, or just be on and off. For example, when I was going to be I said, "Hey Siri, dim the lights in the bedroom to 35%" and it created the perfect light for reading.
Three Stars Work great
An awesome product I hated getting up in the night to reach for switch to turn off the bed lights. So I started the home automation project and these bulbs are a great addition. They are easy to install and integrate seamlessly with Alexa. Plus, I like that you can dim them down to 5% and they don’t even flicker.I was also skeptical that it wouldn’t look good as a naked bulb in my scone, but it just looks great. Highly recommend for any automation projectThe only downside is price $19/ bulb kinda steep.
The bulbs work and are easy to install The bulbs work and are easy to install. We returned them as you can’t chnagw the shades if the white as you can on the other bulbs.
Usually works pretty well! I'd say 99% of the time, these lights work as desired. I used 2 in our bedroom (for nightstands) which are scheduled to automatically turn on as the sun goes down so when we get to the bedroom, we have nice soft lighting waiting for us. Similarly, I have two on the lower level of our home that are scheduled to turn on as we wake up in the morning and that will also automatically turn on when I approach the house. Overall, I'm really happy with these light bulbs and would definitely consider buying more to add to other rooms of the house. My favorite part is telling Siri on my iPhone "goodnight" and that is the signal to turn off the bedroom lights. It's like the clapper of yore but so much cooler.
Impossible to program impossible to sync to alexa show customer support horrible.
These are amazing! They work great with my iPhone These are amazing! They work great with my iPhone.
Google Assistant works PERFECT! Such a great product. Set it up one time and have never had a single issue since we set it up. Works every single time perfectly with my Google Home and Google Home mini.
It's not as useful as it could be It's ok. It's not as useful as it could be. I find that even when we set the rules for when we want lights to turn on, they aren't always followed. The systems seems to need weekly updates. It can be convenient, but seems to be more trouble than it's really worth.
Absolutely horrible!! Absolutely horrible!!!! If I could give negative stars, I would. I paid the $40 for the white and color ambiance bulb. It was never even recognized.... pointless. The other bulb (as I only tried one) worked with your phone...but not with speaking. It would not even work with Alexa... which was the whole idea of me getting this. There is NO support number anywhere on the crappy, so called instructions. There is also NO number for support on their app that I saw. This is one of the most expensive and horrible products that I have ever purchased. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!
Five Stars does it's job!
Purchased this for elderly mom who cannot turn on the ... Purchased this for elderly mom who cannot turn on the lamp, so Alexa does it for her. Just wish it were 100 watts as she is mostly blind as well.
Five Stars Love my hue bulbs
One Star The device stopped connecting. I can not connect to my Hue Tap, Iphone or Echo.
Doesn’t link to Alexa..waste of money and time Will not link with Alexa. I’ve asked for help but have not received a response from the Phillips Hue skill on Alexa app. This purchase is worthless and a waste of money.
b'Great product I\xef\xb8\x8f use this with my Amazon Echo and it works great! Both my living room and bedroom are set up to respond, and it works flawlessly.'
Does not work according to product specifications. This system does not operate according to specifications. The greater problem is the technical support from the company. It was like communicating with a vacuum.
Five Stars I love this product. Super easy to install and helps manage energy use.
Five Stars I have been having so much fun using these with my Amazon Echo!
The absolute best smart bulbs that work flawlessly with Homekit I LOVE THESE!!!
Works great with Cortana I use the bulbs with my Harman Kardon speaker. I can control all my lighting with voice commands through Cortana. Works perfectly.
Good smart lighting system. Easy to setup, app works well.
If I had this purchase to do over ... I wouldn't. *** Search for "hue bulbs unreachable" before you purchase these. ***I've had a ton of problems using these. I would not buy them again. It seems like purely a financial play that Philips has integrated the "smartness" into the most disposable aspect of your smart home. It would be so much more economical to have smart switches instead of smart bulbs. With regular light switches, you have to leave them on all the time. If you leave them off, the bulbs don't work because they don't have power. If you leave them on, you have to take out your phone, open an app, and manage them that way.There are add-on switch/remotes, but these are another $25 on top of the $15 bulb, and they don't replace your switch. And they take batteries.You can use Amazon Echo or Google Home to control the lights, but do you put a smart speaker in every room? Even if you did, this is where one of my less-philosophical problems comes in. I'm a Google Home/Assistant and Google WiFi user. It's been a phenomenal pain to try and keep Google updated on my lights. I have to tell it to re-sync devices any time there's a change. Google WiFi's on.here feature still only shows half my bulbs. Don't know why. Can't fix it.It's worth noting that I can't give the bulbs sane nicknames, either. I had to configure my kids' rooms as "Attic" and "Shed," because I couldn't get custom names to work, and if I set them to "Bedroom" they all go at once. This is a Google problem, not a Philips problem. But you should be aware. I don't know if Amazon Echo handles this better.
Awesome for automation, not a huge fan of having to ask alexa to turn on my lights in the home Okay, so I'm tech savvy enough to work a computer, create PowerPoints and use Excel, etc... I don't do a ton of phone apps typically, but I can use them for work purposes. I found these bulbs fairly easy to set up, but a little frustrating when integrating with the apps. I have a smartthings hub, and wasn't entirely sure what I was doing. There was a lot of trial and error involved, and several times unplugging/plugging back in the vue hub and smart things hub. Finally, I had everything working - the bulbs were detected on both devices and I set a timer for them. Then, I left the home. Looked at the apps and both said the bulbs/controls were not available because I wasn't at home. I looked online and saw that I need to do something else in order to use it away from home. I have to admit, I don't really NEED to turn lights on and off when I'm away, but I'd like to be able to because it just seems like something you should be able to do. I am a bit afraid to go messing with it all again after I got it working. Here's the 1 big problem that I have with the smart bulbs in general... you have to leave the lightswitch on. So, the light is off, but the switch has to be on to power it. How do you turn it on then? You use the app on your phone... Or tell alexa to turn it on. I feel silly yelling for a computer to turn the light on instead of being able to flip a switch. I don't want to have to use my phone just to turn the light on. They have switched that you can buy. I don't know. I like these for automating the porch and garage lights, especially because you cab srt them to vary the time they turn on around when you want them to (makes it not obvious that theyre on a timer), but not as much in the house. I want to still be able to use my regular switch. Something I didn't think about when purchasing.
Hue means colors... nope! As a noobie in the Amazon Echo bulbs, I assumed that "Hue" means color. Only to be completely disappointed that these only do white. How lame! In any case, they're also super dim. They are useless for any purpose in our house. This is a completely misleadingly named product.
Great Smart Bulbs! Love my smart lights...Works great with my google assistant(sorry Alexa). Lights are bright at 100%, and dimming them helps set the right mood for any occasion. The Hue App is probably the weak link in the entire thing. The geo-fencing within the app for the "home/Away" settings doesn't always work right(sometimes I come home and the bedroom light is still off, yet its set to come on at 20%). The "wake up" function though is amazing, and really helps me get up in the morning, subtly. Need to buy a few more sets to finish off the rest of the house, hoping the price comes down a little before then.
I feel like at this price point Pairs perfectly with Alexa. However, I feel like at this price point, it should've included five bulbs instead of just 4. An easy search on your local craigslist might yield you better deals.
Works perfectly These are awesome.
One Star Awesome
I purchased a starter kit that stated it would come ... I purchased a starter kit that stated it would come with 4 light bulbs and the hub to connect them. I only received the 4 bulbs. Really upset I spent $99 and I am missing the connecting hub.
Power Adapter and Cable Missing from the Kit I was very excited to try this lighting system with the Amazon Echo Dot. Unfortunately the kit did not have the power adapter included in the box, nor did it have a cable. So there was no way to turn the bridge on or connect it to my wireless router :(
Works as expected. Not super bright but that was expected from the description. These are great in lamps for bedrooms or reading books. Synced up with Google home mini easily and works perfectly every time.
Five Stars Works great and really easy to setup
Work OK with Alexa Work OK with Alexa.
Very good Received a smart speaker as a gift and decide to give these smart bulbs a try. It is really nice to set up timers, turn on/off and dim/brighten my lights without having to touch the switch. Although I would've like it if it can get even dimmer than what it is currently capable of. I have found that it works best with stand alone lamps in individual rooms and also exterior porch lights. Definitely will look for more of these to expand my smart home lighting.
Very convenient Very convenient
Very good Got these for my boyfriend and he had no problem setting them up with Alexa. Can even control the lights from your phone
If you're going Hue get colors, else get logic built into the light switch I cannot recommend these when competitors have the brains in the switch instead of the bulb. Philips Hue is best for colors, I took my white ones out and they live in the box now.
Love being able to say light on light off!! We got these to be able to say on and off for all the lights in the house. Works great !!!
So convenient! Our very first smart bulbs! They were easy to set up and the app is easy to use. I had problems with the bulbs not turning off under "routines". I noticed it's best not to change the routine time but simply add a new routine and delete the old one. That did the trick. It's probably just a bug they need to work through in the app. Love that we no longer come home to a dark house!
Five Stars Connected this to my google home and it worked well!
The Philips Hue Smart Hub Works Great I wanted a hub to tie in with my Alexa devices. The Philips Hue hub was easy to setup and manage devices with the Hue app. If you want to manage it with your Alexa devices, you will need to go into the Skills area of the Alexa app and download the Philips Hue skill. This will enable you to add the bulbs into the Alexa app when they can then be managed via the app or via voice command.
Useless in a Power or Internet Blip! Here is the biggest problem with this, if you are using the system in a home where you only go to once a month and there is a internet blip, or power failure, there is NO WAY to reset the bridge remotely!!!! Totally useless and ridiculous! Since the power to all the lights has to be on, whether it is a wall switch or lamp switch, it means the lights will be on and stay on 24/7 until you can go back and manually reset! An inexpensive timer can work better!!!!
Works great after you get it going One of the bulbs died immediately. The other 3 work perfectly with Alexa so it's great. Be wary that these can dim only if a dimmer switch hasn't already been installed. I had a dimmer switch previously so I just swapped it out before I used this product. Also this is not a multicolor lighting experience. This just satisfies that itch for telling someone else to turn off the lights for you.
Good idea however Good idea however, bridge constantly fails network connection and associated app is just as bad. It worked successfully for 1 week and then began suffering intermittent failures. Online blogs, support feedback, and customer reviews are all unanswered and ignored. If bridge fails, enjoy having now paid a massive premium for regular bulbs because you will unfortunately get no help and no resolution.
Five Stars works great with Alexi!
Must have with Alexa. Works Great. Can read at night, then tell Alexa to turn off with out having to get out of bed. Like the dimmer feature also.
Back to Illumi I give up. It's back to Illumi for me. The Philips Hue system is completely unusable for me. Mainly because the app is terrible. Either there's no way to adjust the brightness or that particular feature is really well hidden. But, there are lots of other 3rd party apps out there. Some of them are free. I tried 3 or 4 and just couldn't make it work for me. I had really high hopes of taking things to the next level with the Hue system but sadly it was just a waste of money. :(
Great starter pack! I bought this pack to pair with my new echo dot to operate my lights in different rooms.This starter kit is all you need to successfully pair your lights to a smart device. The bulbs are very expensive if purchased individually.I would highly recommend you purchase in a bundle pack to minimize cost.
Light is good Good quality of lamps. Warm temperature is well lighted.
Great product, poor logistics I love the idea of the product. Unforutenly, it rarely works. For $60 you’d think it would work. Often to bulb reads as “in reachable” and doesn’t connect. I find my self manually turning it on and off. Super frustrating.
Five Stars This is a great starter kit for the price. You cannot go wrong with Hue bulbs!
I have really liked these. I just hate that they cost so ... I have really liked these. I just hate that they cost so much. That is the only reason for the lack of a fifth star. I am more into these for the function they provide to the home and have not tried exploring the Scenes yet. The safety aspect of having the lights turn on and off on their own while on vaca or the ability to walk into a fully lite house is a great peace of mind.
Pairing this setup with Alexa has been awesome. This kit (when I bought it) cost less ... Pairing this setup with Alexa has been awesome. This kit (when I bought it) cost less than a standard four bulb kit, and included the hub. Can't ask for more value than that!
Four Stars A
Hue and Alexa don’t play nice together I wanted to love them but after daily fights with Alexa over them being discovered multiple times a day I had to send them back.
Works with Google home Works great with a Google home! Love the dim function
Five Stars love my hue,
Four Stars Easy to install and set up. Would prefer if the color was a bit cooler.
Three Stars one of the light bulbs keeps flickering. I threw away the box and can't exchange it.
Lit Boy Hooked up to alexa and I am a lit controlling boy
Five Stars Good responsiveness and options. No complaints. Hooked up to Alexa with minimal config.
Amaze balls! Google home controls my lights. Amaze balls!
As expected They worked as expected.
Don't be like me do it right the first time. Years ago I bought into the Wemo setup only to be left hanging with spotty app updates and hard setups. The great thing about Hue is how easy it is to add bulbs and Hue works with Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant.
Great buy. Work well with Alexa and Home First buy of these. Great buy. Work well with Alexa and Home Mini
May or may not actually work with Alexa. Philips currently says it doesn't despite Amazon's claims. So, I'm a fairly good with technology. Heck, I had a job for two years where I installed computers and projectors in classrooms at a mid-major university. Setting this thing up to use with my phone was simple. However, I couldn't ever get it to work with my Echo Dot. I did everything manageable on my end to make it work, and finally as a last resort, I called in tech support (actually used Philips Facebook because they were incapable of answering the phone). This was Philips response:"Sorry to hear it doesn't work properly. We've more customers experiencing the same issue and can tell we're on it as we speak. We'll make sure to provide you with further measures when we have them!"I've checked back in with them weekly to continually get this message:"We will come back to you as soon as we can provide you with more information."So I have come to the conclusion that I will be selling off this Philips Hue kit and buying TP Link bulbs that actually work the way that they are supposed to work. I was incredibly bummed out with this whole experience and will probably never buy a Philips product again unless I can actually see it in action.
Five Stars Prefect solution for our lighting needs. Simple to install and manage remotely.
Five Stars Excelente producto
... second time ordering these bulbs and they’re just as great as the first set This is my second time ordering these bulbs and they’re just as great as the first set!!
Great addition to Alexa. Works great with Alexa. Nice and bright. Website was easy to use to set them up.
Five Stars Great Product!
Warning, does not work with Kindle Fire HD tablet. Warning, does not work with Kindle Fire HD tablet and Alexa.Bought this for my parents who do not have smart phones but do have several kindle fire tablets and Alexa devices. The official HUE app on the amazon marketplace has not been updated for 3 years and will not find the hub. There is an unofficial paid app that does work but that app does not have support for echo/alexa...
One Star Had to buy another bridge, the one that came here didnt work
No compliants so far... Bought as a gift for Christmas and the person seems to like it alot.
Four Stars Had to return - bridge didn’t work at all
Works great. Easy to set up and use Works great. Easy to set up and use.
Cuts on and off randomly! These lights will cut on and off randomly! It freaks me out! I have read multiple articles on this, they say that there might be a routine that is set for a certain time, but I've checked on my routine list and I have none. Other than this issue.. I like my lights. I love that I can control them with my Alexa or with the Hue app.
Don't work and help hotline dosent exist They have a nice look to them, now if only I could actually connect them to the hub that came with it. First it comes with them pre programmed and it said all lights were unreachable so I tried trouble shooting everything. Nothing worked so I tried deleting the bulbs from the app and adding them back. But now it can't find them at all and to add them manually you need the serial number that's supposed to be on the bulb but the 4 that CAME WITH THE STARTER PACK don't even have #s on them. After finally biting the bullet on smart lighting I think I'm gonna go back to regular lights that don't waste 90 dollars. I even called the support number on the side and couldn't even get a connection with them, IM DONE. The pictures I added is one of the bulbs that came with the kit.
Fun way to light your home Excellent. So far so good. I am not sure yet of course how long these bulbs will last only time will tell. They connected to the bridge and updated without trouble and I was able to set up so my lights come on at certain times and turn off too. One of my kids flipped the light switch and messed it up, but it was easy to reset it in the Hue app. Can't wait to get more lights to go with this.
Five Stars I love these lights! great functionality!
Five Stars good product
Four Stars Easy to use smart bulbs and work great with Alexa. Sometimes disconnect
Nice! Great product but Amazon need to pull their socks up and figure out a more seamless integration with the Hue App.
One Star At least two of the bulbs don't talk to my Echo and one bulb flickers intermittently. NOT HAPPY
Another great Philips product Product is fantastic, works like a charm when connecting to my router via Ethernet cable. The App is easy to use, and never loses connection for me. I want to give it 5 stars, but the price holds me back to 4 stars.
Never have to get up and flip the switch again. We LOVE these - in fact, we are now trying to convert everything in our house over now that we have them integrated with the HomePod.
Don't just light your home, illuminate it. If clothing makes the man, well, lighting makes the home. For many years, I have preached that. Be environmentally friendly! Chose light temperatures (colors) that are relaxing and pleasing. And, yet, somehow I survived the horrors of florescent lights and compact florescent lights. Lights in the 2000K to 3000K range are considered "warm white" and much like what we had with old-school incandescent lights. Personally, I consider 2700K to be a good light color for my home.Philips has warmed the cockles of my heart. In a "playing-with-home-automation" binge, I ordered this starter kit. I wanted something that would integrate well with other home automation systems and would be expandable.This was easy to set up. The hub can control up to 50 Philips light bulbs. Each can be programmed with different scenes, on / off times, randomization, and brightness levels. A few hours after opening the box and playing with this, I had ordered 4 more sets for friends and family members. They all love these, too. And, I ordered some color bulbs as well.The color temperature for these lights is pleasing and comfortable. The features are excellent. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
Best of the best You just have to have a smart light kit. I use with my Alexa also. Just set the time and you're done.
This system is very easy to set up and really convenient This system is very easy to set up and really convenient. I have these bulbs set up to be operated through my Amazon Alexa for my bedroom and dining room. There's nothing like realizing you forgot to turn off the light in the other room before you go to bed, then remember you can just say "Alexa, turn off the dining room light" and having the light smoothly dim to off in less than a second.
These were a great birthday gift for my boyfriend who got the Apple ... These were a great birthday gift for my boyfriend who got the Apple HomePod for Christmas! He loves them and they work great with Siri.
Four Stars We love Phillips hue! Love we can control our lights from our phone when we’re away! So nifty
Five Stars Good
Five Stars Ease of installation
Not only does he love them I do also Bought these for my husband as a Christmas gift. Not only does he love them I do also. I like the way you can control them through the phone. Plus the you can set a timer on them to automatically turn on or off at certain times. We bought more for our kitchen too! The goal is too have these all around the house. Will definitely purchase again.
it is great. A little hard to set up but once done, it is great.
AWESOMEE!!!! Cant live without these now.
I love this on I purchased this set of lights after a couple of failed attempts with other lights. I love this on. It works almost every time. And the few instances that it does not work I simply repeat the command to Alexa and it works. Not sure whether it's an Alexa issue or hub issue, which ever it doesn't happen frequently enough to matter. Will definitely purchase more lights as the need arrives.
Works They work great by themselves but didn't work great with my smartthings hub
I like that he doesn't ask me to turn them off I got this for a very thoughtful valentine's day present. He likes that he can turn the lights off with his phone, I like that he doesn't ask me to turn them off :P pretty neat, what a time to be alive!
Five Stars Great product! Just as described!
love the bulbs love the bulbs. work great. works with alexa.. dims and gets brighter. can purchase additional bulbs as well without another hue.
Lemon Light Okay so i love the light, love the set up. The problem i have is one of the light bulbs burned out the DAY after I installed it. If they send em a replacement then I'd gladly change the review
Four Stars Some confusion over hardware or softwarefeature
... home and I've started the transition to all things smart and this was the perfect kit for setting up ... We just moved into our first home and I've started the transition to all things smart and this was the perfect kit for setting up our first smart lights. We use these in our bedroom and living room and there is nothing as satisfying as not having to get out of bed once you're comfortable for the night just to turn off the lights. Super easy to set up and use. Will be purchasing more!
The bridge was easy to set up with my WiFi using the Phillips ... The bridge was easy to set up with my WiFi using the Phillips Hue App. I connected the lights to my Google Home without any problems. Be sure to name your lights something that makes sense, so you can tell your assistant which light to turn on.
Pricey but useful. Best if you already have voice control device. If you havent made the jump to smart lights there are a couple of things you need to be aware of. 1. They are very expensive compared to regular old LEDs. 2. I would not bother unless I have Amazon Alexa or some other smart voice device in place to turn them off and on. Because otherwise you always have to use your cell phone and launch the app to do that, which is a huge pain (unless you use the lamp or wall switch, which sort of defeats the purpose of having smart lights). That said, there are good reasons to have them.I like they can be programmed to go on at sunset (regardless of when that is) and then off a certain time later. I like you can group them by room and then turn them off and on by voice by room or all at once if you want (Alexa, ALL lights off). I light you can have them start dim and slowly brighten at sunset determine how quickly it reaches full brightness. (or do the same thing at any time you want to get up in the morning).This four bulb set provides the best bang for the buck if this is your first foray into smart lights since individual bulbs generally cost at least $15 to $20 (much more for color). So you are getting the hub, which costs about $50, for almost nothing.Be aware there are three kinds of Hue bulbs. The ones that come with this set are just plain old dimmable warm whites. Like the old incandescents. If you want more control of the shade of white (ie, daylight or cool white instead of warm white.) you need the white ambiance bulbs, which are more expensive. Bulbs that can do any color are the third type and cost more than twice as much as regular warm whites.One downside to smart lights. If programmed to go on and off, the light switches must always be set to on. That's fine, unless you get lots of power outages. Because when power comes back on, light lose programming and just come on to full brightness (unpleasant in the middle of the night). and cannot be turned off via Alexa or phone app until your internet comes back up and all devices reconnect.
I can adjust the brightness through Siri or in Homekit. They have a yellowish hue to them which I like. I hate the bright white of most LED bulbs. They're not super bright either. Which I also like. I like that I can adjust the brightness through Siri or in Homekit.
Five Stars We love these!
One Star yellow..... geez... really yellow
but even after hours of troubleshooting I was not able to get the bridge to connect to my internet Too bad since I was excited to use these The light bulbs installed and synced quickly to the bridge, but even after hours of troubleshooting I was not able to get the bridge to connect to my internet Too bad since I was excited to use these.
Five Stars Super easy to set up.
Feel like a God I haven’t flipped a switch manually, like a peasant, since I hooked these up. I say “let there be light” and it is so. These are an absolute must!
Remote Control The lights sometimes won’t automatically turn off based on the routine setting. Overall it works good and has many features.
Great product!! Love this!! Awesome product use it everyday sinks to my echo and works great I like being able to walk in the room and tell my lights to turn on and they do also like the ability to dim the lights to whatever brightness or dimness I like
... this up with a HUE bridge it works very nicely. Nice to have when on vacation to alter ... Once you set this up with a HUE bridge it works very nicely. Nice to have when on vacation to alter lights and dimming. The associated HUE software could definitely use some work as far as clarifying what to enter and how to link.
Four Stars A little glitchy but great to have. Especially in my porch light. Great security measure!
Worked like they should Worked like they should. Wish I got the white ambiance version to be able to use some of the cooler features. Nice to be on the couch and night and telling Google to shut off the lights without getting up.
Five Stars Great product--works like a charm
its quite fun to use Setup is a bit complicated but once that is taken care of, its quite fun to use.
Five Stars Do yourself a favor and get some of these bulbs.
Even better this comes with four lights now When this product first arrived it had a bridge into light now it has even more lights and the only thing is I do have a problem accessing the lights when I am not at home Phillips Hue might want to work on that a little bit better when I first place the app on my phone I was able to adjust my lights from being away from home and a few weeks later not able to do so Phillips … What’s up with that
Great deal This lighting package is a pretty good deal because included in is the light hue bridge.
Great with Google Home Hooked the lights up through my Google Home and can control with voice. I love that I can dim them to a specific percentage or control them in various ways with my voice or with the Hue app.
This is a must for smart homes! I'm working my way up to a totally automated house and this Phillips Hue kit fits in perfectly. You get the Phillips bridge and four light bulbs. The light bulbs fit in all my lamps and then connect to the bridge. It works with my Alexa perfectly, I just tell her what lights to turn on and off and done! I set them to turn on and off so there are always lights on in my house at night and I don't have to come home to a dark house. This set comes with white bulbs and I am excited to add some colored light bulbs next. I can also add other features up to twelve accessories. Love my smart house!
LOVE this product LOVE this product. It was extremely easy to set up and quick. Works great with ALEXA. Make sure you read what type of bulb color you are looking for before you purchase. Awesome smart home accessory.
Five Stars Me encantaron!!!
Works great. Works great and seamless with Alexia
Five Stars easy to use with my alexa and easy to set up
Finally a Clap-On/Clap-Off for the person who needs extra hands! I paired these with my Alexa and it's made life so much simpler - especially when I am in a rush out the door or have my hands full at night when going upstairs to bed with a puppy, water and whatever else I am juggling to carry! I put them in my living room lamps and they are the perfect brightness level for this. I recently went on a business trip and easily set up timings to make my house look occupied!Easy setup and no complaints!
Five Stars Awesome.
LOVE these bulbs! I LOVE these lightbulbs! I have 3 of them and not only are the voice automated with the Phillips Hue, but they can be dimmed to a certain percentage as well!
Five Stars Works perfectly.
I think I'll just stick with conventional bulbs I love warm/soft white lighting. This is not that. This is some sort of hellish orange. The receptor thingy also needs to be plugged into my router in order for me to use the phone app. When I use the phone app to turn off the light, one light remains on so I have to get out of bed to turn off the light anyway. And when I turn on the light, the same light will remain off. That one bulb just wants to do everything the opposite of what I want!
They work great with Alexa and are very easy to set up I have about 16 of these bulbs in my house now. They work great with Alexa and are very easy to set up.
Great product but pricey These are great addition to my home automation setup, they are pricey and for some it might not be worth.Pros: Easy to set up, Multi users can use, great to reduce the light by percentage, great to control via alexa and individual roomsCons: Pricey, not very bright, no auto timers to turn on/off
Works well but be careful of range. I purchased the hub with the two bulbs. The setup was easy as suggested and the bulbs work well. I have then setup with Apple HomeKit and Apple TV which work well most of the time. I think the one bulb might be a little out of range and I often get a no response from the bulb. The idea of being able to extend the range by having multiple devices dosent seem to hold true they need to be close to the hub no more than 30ft away.
Good product Dimmerable, working properly with my google home. Just it's not very bright.
Five Stars Greatf buy.
I love you little light bulb I love you little light bulb. I can program you, you wake me up in the mornings, you tell me when it’s time to go to bed...,you save me money.
Loved Absolute gem of a product. Use remote, app and alexa to control the lighting. Loved it
Love these! These are awesome! Hoping to get some more. So nice to switch the lights on with your phone! Not that turning lights on is hard, its just cool! I love that you can dim the lights. That's a great feature.
Great product and easy to set up! So happy with this product and very easy to set up!
Five Stars very simple to link together with the remote and my phone.
Worthless! One of the bulbs died after being in use for only 2 months!!!
Bulb not working Over all awesome product but 1 of the 4 bulbs does not work.
Two Stars After 5 months the bulb burns out! I’m not sure what to do I can’t return the bulb so???
Lots of problems, and poor support Too many problems. The signal they use interferes with my wifi. The bulbs aren't bright enough. They don't work in some places ordinary lights work, e.g. on a dimmer switch (even if I leave the switch at 100%). I can't replace the switch; I'm renting.The android app is annoying. Now they've gone and disabled desktop support. Not everyone wants to hook up their lights to a yelling device, Philips.
I thought I was getting the color changing bulbs. ... I thought I was getting the color changing bulbs. NOT... However, the dimming function and compatibility with Alexa is right on point..
Setup was a snap. Connected the hub to my ... Setup was a snap. Connected the hub to my home network, it updated and was ready to go in around 5min. Only thing I found interesting was it took around an hour for the bulbs to update (it warns you ahead of time).
One Star i can not get it to connect to the internet so it still is not up and running
Amazing for when you watch a scary moving and don't ... Amazing for when you watch a scary moving and don't have the balls to get up without turning every single light in your house on.
Four Stars Some glitches working with Alexa but overall pretty happy- in time it will continue to improve I imagine.
Five Stars Love it!
Five Stars the Hue starter kit was super easy to set up with Alexa and works great.
Love it. Wish I would have bought sooner. Works perfectly, responds to my voice, works great with my existing Hue bulbs and plays nice with my Apple Homekit. I couldn't ask for more. I only wish I had bought these sooner.
Great product and supports my Smart home deployment scheme, buy it! I use a lot of different smart home products and Hue is definitely one of the better implemented devices out there. Pretty reliable comparatively when used with Apple HomeKit, great dimming range, great responsiveness. They still function through HomeKit if you cutoff WAN access from the hub directly via your router firewall rules. I do this on all my HomeKit devices to force their external comms to be routed through the HomeKit API which has end-to-end encryption. I still get remote control thru HomeKit, but Hue doesn’t have a direct link to the internet.
So useful you’ll buy more I first ordered this product for myself and found it so useful I sent one as a gift to my sister who got me started on the whole Alexa ordeal. Now I’m buying blooms to connect to the bridge and having fun with accenting my rooms
Five Stars Easy to setup. Great system like control features
Five Stars Love em.
Expensive, but they work. Expensive, but they work. A bit tricky to set up on Echo, but I love they can be set up to turn on and off automatically. We will be getting more for the bedroom. Not sure why they cost so much. The Echo itself was cheaper.
Five Stars Thanks great
Sometimes unresponsive but still great Sometimes are unresponsive and have too many mandatory updates before working properly. Still have good lighting though and the dim feature is nice. Unsure if the unresponsiveness is from Alexa or the bulbs.
Bright, lazy man lights! Absolutely love these lights! Wish they would do a sale on the color ones!
Works great. The instructions were not very clear Works great. The instructions were not very clear. Went to a yahoo video which was very clear and from there had no problem setting it up.
Awesome product!!!! These worked perfect and just love it and being able to adjust the lights.
Saves money and you don't have to wear yourself out flicking a heavy switch any more! :-) Awesome idea. Not great for every situation and it's hard to get used to not just flicking a switch any more. We had to tape over the light switches for a couple months so we didn't absently turn them off the "old fashioned way" :-)We use Alexa to turn them on and off as needed and she does it 96% of the time.
Love it!! Easy to setup and easy to use. Love this product! Easy to setup and easy to use with the app. I will be purchasing more light bulbs so my whole house is a smart house.
Five Stars It is easy to set them.
Five Stars She love it and I like light's get turn off
Four Stars Nice quality product
... this set and have kept buying lights bc we love them so much Bought this set and have kept buying lights bc we love them so much. Half our house is smart bulbs now! Convenient when laying in bed and don’t want to get up. Easy set up, bright lights
Amazing product. Very easy to set up the bridge ... Amazing product. Very easy to set up the bridge and get it paired with my Alexa. Very nice to have when I don't have many overhead lights, so I was able to automate my lamps.
Not a nice bright white light These say white bulbs but they are that old dirty brown color that incandescents used to be. I pulled out some nice bright white bulbs in order to use the connected feature and I hate the dirty light these put out. If you like that 'warm' color these may be for you but I want a nice bright light and these are not it.Also, despite this being a wi-fi system you will need to hardwire the bridge to your router/modem and find a power outlet for it near the router, and then hope everything communicates through walls, That said mine does communicate and it works well with my Cortana Invoke. Mostly I hate the light and found it to be more of a pain to install than expected.
Three Stars Bulbs are an ugly yellow color compared to my current white light bulbs
First experience with a Philips Hue product and we are certainly not off to a good start. Bridge doesn't work...won't power on. First experience with a Philips Hue product and we are certainly not off to a good start.
Five Stars I love these! Can be confusing setting up but once set up works great!
These work well and I like having the ability to use with the Echo These work well and I like having the ability to use with the Echo. Waiting for a discount/or price to come down for the 4 so I can put them in a few more strategic places. My timer on my lamp is no longer working for some reason, so purchased this to replace and nice to be able to use Alexa when not at home to change up the lights going off and on.
Let's just say I ended up buying 8 additional bulbs ... Let's just say I ended up buying 8 additional bulbs and two Google Home minis. I primarily bought these to automatically turn the lights on me in the morning. I put more in locations in which the light switches are not in convenient locations.
Easy install - Fire app didn't work This was one of the easiest Smart Home devices to set up. It was much easier than the outlet switches and garage door. The only bad thing is the Phillips Hue Fire app in the store didn't work on any of our Fire tablets. When asked to press the hub button it did nothing on the app. We were able to side load the APK file to use the standard Android Phillips Hue app. Amazon or Phillips needs to fix the app in the Fire store as it obviously has an issue.Our Echo (Alexa) devices found everything and work fine.
I've forgotten how to use a light switch No need to climb the stairs in the dark any longer when you can tell your light when to turn on and off. Once in about 50 uses they get a little confused about their instructions but they respond well to discipline. They are well worth having around despite their infrequent stubbornness.
Three Stars Not very bright at all.
Best smart lights there is! 100% happy with it.
Five Stars I am glad I purchased. Nice to be able to control lights from smart phone. No problems!
IT'S NOT THE COLD/WARM WHITE.. IT'S ONLY WARM WHITE I thought it was the warm/cold white bulb, but it's de Warm White Only... Because of this, I don't recommend to buy this, only the 2-pack or if you already have a bridge.. this bulb only fade in n out, blink and is able to control away from home. If you are looking for the cold white or the colored ones, that's not the correct bulb
Five Stars Easy to setup. Works well with Google Mini and Xfinity app. Need more lights now!
Nice addition. I love my new lights. Don't have to get up to hit the switch. Nice.
My husband and I like everything about it My husband and I like everything about it. It's a real convenience, especially when you're out, and want the lights on at home.
Five Stars Hub and lights works great with Alexa!
. Very glad to make this purchase. Also easy to use from the Hue app if you dont have an Echo product I really want to knock a star off because the Phillips Hue app and website suck badly...not epically, but badly.Once you navigate their weirdness and glitches and sync it with Echo (not required) it works like a charm. Very glad to make this purchase. Also easy to use from the Hue app if you dont have an Echo product
Four Stars Great product but expensive!
Five Stars Easy to install! Made for perfect Christmas gift for my mother in law.
Overpriced but it’s worth it It’s worth the price!!!
One Star Received opened box with Tp link literature. Clearly used product.
Five Stars Best addition to our home remodel yet!! So convenient.
Five Stars Lights are super!
Five Stars Worked as expected
I Wish I Purchased This Sooner! I purchased this kit to get the ball rolling on slowly transitioning my home to a smart home. I live alone and there have just been too many times that I've returned home at the end of my day only to realize that I'd accidentally left one or more lights on all day. There have also been those times that I've been away from my home for several days while traveling and kept certain lights on in my home the entire time as a (hopeful) theft deterrent.This kit was a great start for me because it makes a big difference in terms of convenience and requires very little effort. Now, certain lights in my home turn on and off on a set schedule. No more having to remember whether I turned off all the lights after leaving for work each morning. It's also very handy how I can control my lights while away from home. There have just been a couple hiccups I've noticed so far:1. There have been a couple times that (while not connected to my home WiFi on my phone) that the Hue app has shown that a light was on when it was actually off (and vice versa). Hopefully this bug can be crushed in a future software update.2. I have two lights for my driveway that are both set to turn on and off at sunrise and sundown each day. However, I just so happened to check the status of each smart bulb in my home one night only to realize that one of the lights in my driveway was on but the other was off. I'm not sure why this would happen since both lights are part of a "room" and the schedule pattern is for the entire room, not just each individual light. It's not as though I check the status of my bulbs in the Hue app every night so I'm hoping that this was just a rare fluke.All in all, I'm very pleased with the bridge and the bulbs as it has definitely brought a certain level of convenience and peace of mind for me. I've always been in the habit of turning off lights before leaving a room. It's definitely an adjustment for me to keep in mind that the wall light switches have to remain in the ON position in order for the smart bulbs to do their thing LoL. Other than that, I'm loving these things!
Work as expected. These work as expected. No problems. Love that they are dimable. Not sure how long they last yet.
Five Stars love them
Wireless and Dimmable -- but do NOT change white balance The lights work well wirelessly and dim up and down just as they are intended to -- we installed them in a room without an easily accessible light switch so now we mostly rely on Echo voice commands and they work great. I like that I can also control the lights when I am not home with the Hue app. I was disappointed, however, because it was not clear to me that these lights are not the white-balance shifting lights. I wanted the lights that can go from tungsten to daylight-balance (or around 3200K to 5600K) and bought these thinking they could change white-balance. They can't, they are only dimmable lights that are closer to 3200K. I like the wireless aspect and the dimmable aspect enough to keep them, but I wish this had been clearer when I was looking at the different options in the Hue line.
Five Stars I love using these in my lamps. Improves safe entry into a dark house too.
Five Stars Love the convenience!!
Works great, but with some short comings The whole Phillips Hue thing works great and is an awesome and easy way to get into smart lighting in your home. The one and only thing that has frustrated me with it is that most of your lighting in your house is controlled by a switch of some sort, either a wall switch or a lamp switch. If that switch gets turned off then your ability to turn that light on or off using the app is no longer available. I have several people living in my home and most of them don't care to install the app so that they can control the lights via the app, so they look to the normal way that you turn on and off lights, via the switch. They get frustrated when the light is off and the switch is on, I get frustrated when the switch is off (and I can no longer control my lighting). This probably isn't a problem when you live alone or with other people that are as interested in Smart lighting as you are!! Hue does offer a switch that you can use as a physical device to turn selected Hue lights off and on (or dim them), and it works as expected, however, it is not made to physically replace the wall switch (fit into the switch box). Clever folks remove the physical wall switch and then use double sided sticky tape to stick the Hue switch onto the switch plate where the old switch was. This is an OK solution, but frankly I would rather have normal (looking) switches that will allow people in my home to physically turn lights on or off like normal but still allow me to use the app to control lighting. That is my next project. :)
Super happy with using a smart bulb in my home Super happy with using a smart bulb in my home... I enjoy controlling my lights from my phone and setting up is easy.
Easy setup Setup was no hassle it's almost just a plug and play.
Five Stars good
Perfect for starting our smart home  I had researched a lot to see what would be the best brand to go with when starting our new smart home. I wanted something that was affordable and would last. I really like these light bulbs and the starter kit because it's easy to set up and it works perfectly with my Echo and my Echo Dot.
I'm not happy w/ the fact that I need the Hue hub ... I'm not happy w/ the fact that I need the Hue hub to actuate the bulbs that are being controlled by other devices.
Items came in box with broken seal, cord had ... Items came in box with broken seal, cord had been unwrapped. No way to know if it’s been used and if so for how long?
Amazing product to buy. It works just great, I use it everyday with Siri
You won't regret it Setup was SO EASY!!! I gave each light an individual name ("dad's nightstand," "mom's nightstand," "living room table lamp," "living room floor lamp"), then grouped them into "master bedroom" and "living room". After setting them up with the Phillips Hue app and naming them, I then connected them to the Alexa app for voice control. I can now turn them on or off (or to a specified percentage) individually by name, or by the group name.I know it seems silly, but it's a game-changer. I'll be doing the kitchen and hall lights next.Also, the bridge works great fr all the lights in our 1900 sq. ft. home.
Amazing. Solved my hard to reach light switch problem I've been having for years. I can't reach the switches in my room so this is a must have as well as any and all of the Alexa devices.
Total ripoff! Non-funcrtional product, no product support Installation instructions ridiculous and incomplete. Purchased to connect to Echo, no instructions on how to do that OR which app to use, or even if one is needed for this kind of use! Phillips provides ZERO customer support, email to them went unanswered (other than to put me on a product mailing list!!) After finally figuring out how to install, completed the installation - twice! - but could get only two of the four lights to function.
Five Stars how long will they last?
Works poorly with Apple Home Kit. Intermittent "No response" ... Works poorly with Apple Home Kit. Intermittent "No response" among various bulbs often. Completely frustrating. If the manufacturer states it will work with an app it should. Several blogs online about this issue. Get is straight Philips. I would advise not to purchase if you want to use it with Siri.
Best Smart accessory to have .... Love it, great features and I Love that I can dim instead of turning off the lights.
This works well with the Amazon Echo Dot in my ... This works well with the Amazon Echo Dot in my kid's room. You'll need to make sure you don't accidentally operate the light switch or else it won't work until you put the switch back.
What an absolute joke. I bought this item and ... What an absolute joke. I bought this item and tried to get it all set up and found out all 4 bulbs were not from the same box. Two were different colors and they wouldn't all connect to the base. Save yourself and do not ever buy this item.
Great smart home product Addicted to smart home products and this one is a great way to start. No more plug in night lights that my girls can tamper with. Now we just use the nightlight scene and they sleep well. In my opinion they aren't ideal to use all the time bc sometimes Alexa doesn't understand you.
Mom loves it It was a gift for my mother for Christmas and she says that she love it
Light control with voice A must have when you have Alexia.
this is the best system, everyone should have it this is the best system, everyone should have it. We can dim or turn on lights with our phone. I love it!!
Five Stars Awesome
awesome when used with the app bought as a gift and he loves it. awesome when used with the app
Great value for the starter kit. The bulbs are bright, dim well, and the system is responsive with Google Home. I'm loving these dimmable smart LEDs. Having the capability to set schedules as well as gradually brighten in the morning or dim at night is fantastic. The hub was fairly easy to set up. One tip: make sure to have all of the bulbs powered on and configured in the Hue app before attempting to set them up in Google Home. I started with one to try it out and when I added more, I had to uninstall the app and reinstall to get Home to recognize the new bulbs. It was only a minor inconvenience though and I haven't had a single problem since setup.I have my Phillips Hue system set up with google home and it works really well. Turning the lights on and off with voice commands while on the couch or in bed seems like a lazy indulgence, but it is actually very handy. Google Home/Phillips Hue also work well together for percentage dimming and color change commands.
Impressive and futuristic Dang these can be expensive, but I got them during the Black Friday Christmas season for a good deal. I've been wanting to control all the lights in my bathroom individually (vanity, toilet, shower) and this was the best method I could come up with.Install and setup is easy with the Hue app. It's not immediately intuitive but easy enough to figure out with a little messing around. And once it is all setup and you have the "rooms" designated the way you want it just works every time. Then pairing them up with an Echo, Siri, or Google Home was easy enough and then the lights are only limited by how well your voice assistant responds to you.I really hope they last as long as they say they do though since they aren't cheap.
Works great! This produce is working great! Easy to configure and integrate with echo through smart things hub.
Welcome to the 21st Century! Philips Hue White Smart Bulb Starter Kit (4 A19 Bulbs and 1 Bridge, Compatible with Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit and Google Assistant)Making the switch to LED bulbs in the house. Having some on the old school timers we decided to switch to some smart bulbs. Since we have a multi ecosystem house. Android, iOS, Nest and Google Home we needed something that would work across all platforms. The Philips Hue system seemed to fit the bill.Pros:1. Works across all platforms.2. Works with Nest so you geo fencing rules apply.3. Homekit setup was easy.4. White A19 lights provide a nice soft light.5. A19 White bulbs aren't that expensive.6. System works well. No crashes.7. Hue Bridge is small and unobtrusive.Cons:1. Any bulbs other than white cost a small fortune.2. Hue App can be a pain to set up across devices.3. More an issue with Google Home. It's integration with Hue stinks!Final thoughts. There are cheaper alternatives to the Philips Hue system. Now that we've been running this for a while we may venture out and see what's out there but overall the Hue system has been easy to set up and use. Especially given our Frankenstein house of devices! No issues or hiccups across the board. If you add a value to the ease and convenience of the setup and maintenance of the Hue system I guess it's not that far from the others at least in the white light department!
Five Stars Excellent product, easy to connect. Works seamlessly with Alexa.
Five Stars I paired my smart bulbs with Alexia and they work fabulous as well as on a timer.
Easiest method to automate. I started my home automation with Alexa and a mix of smart bulbs and plugs. I then decided to go with Phillips as the bulbs are relatively inexpensive and easy to setup and add on. I realize now that I should have started with the Phillips and added on non-Phillips devices for functions not available with Phillips.
Two Stars light bulb is way too dim for the room
Five Stars My father- in- law loves this. He likes telling Alexa to turn on lights.
Five Stars works good
Video review: A few hints, tips, and tricks on connecting these to your Amazon (Alexa) Echo  I am outfitting my house as a "smart home" and these lights are my first steps towards equipping my home with lights that are controlled.I use Echo Plus with built-in Hub - SilverHope this helps!
Four Stars ok
I can easily say this is the best purchase we've made to ... i bought this kit after buying the two-pack of just bulbs, not knowing I would need the "bridge". Once we got everything set up and linked with our Echo Dot, I can easily say this is the best purchase we've made to compliment the Echo. You can tell Alexa to dim the living room lights to 20% if you're watching a movie and down the lights go! it's awesome! my husband has even requested the color bulbs for his man-cave!
easy set up easy to set up and great to use - you can dim the lights without installing a dimmer
Awesome when it works, which is rare. The app changes the bulb names and disconnects the hub at random intervals. I need to work on this thing all over every day. It sucks with Alexa, who can’t find the lights. Unserviceable. Terrible customer support.It’s very cool when it works, which is not often.
Great starter kit! Overall this is a great kit to get you started in the smart-home lighting realm. The 4 bulbs are fully dimmable via most controls (apple's siri, amazon alexa, google home, etc) and are a nice tint. THESE ARE NOT THE COLORED BULBS, these are white only. They are a slightly yellow tinged light so nice and warm.
Beware! If you have satellite internet service none of the Hue products will work. You will be able to turn the lights on and off using the Hue app but scheduling them to go on and off automatically will not work. Something Philips fails to mention.
The connection with the bridge is very finicky. I've ... The connection with the bridge is very finicky. I've had to do a hard reset on the bridge and router twice in 2 months.
But since I got a good deal on this At the end of the day I would have rather replaced the light switches. But since I got a good deal on this, this is a great way to get into a smart home with out alot of risk. Plus these system works with all virtual assistants, google, apple and amazon.
Four Stars Works as advertised, nothing wrong with the product.
Works well. Enable skill in Alexa. Expensive though ... Works well. Enable skill in Alexa. Expensive though.
A nice convenience! Sometimes glitchy but still nice A nice convenience! Sometimes glitchy but still nice.
Wish I could enjoy it Unfortunately, I have not been able to enjoy this device properly. I purchased two bulbs at a local retail store to just try out the well-known Philips Hue bulbs. I was under the impression that all I needed was some sort of smart hub to control the bulbs. I was surprised to see that a separate hub, Hue Bridge, was required and immediately order this starter kit. I did not read any of the requirements and just purchased it due to wanting to enjoy controlling my lights with my voice and IFTTT.When the kit arrived, I was surprised again to notice that the Hue Bridge requires an ethernet cable that needs to be connected to a router due to the Hue Bridge not having it's own wireless system. Due to the area that I live in, my home WiFi consists of protable Mifi cards through my phone service. This was a huge disappointment and entirely my fault. I have seen reviews and hints that you can attach a router without internet and it will work fine through the app but I have no figured it out. I was able to get the system to work briefly by turning my laptop into a wireless router and attaching the router to my laptop and attaching the Hue Bridge to my router...it sounds terrible but worked briefly. For those few moments of the system working, it worked relatively well. I have since ordered a device that will receive wireless connection through an ethernet cable and will update this review once it is working.Update: I found a system that allows it to function with wireless only. This system works flawlessly. I love being able to turn off all the lights in my house with just my voice/app. I would recommend it to anyone if they asked.
it's easy to use and functions fine for now Had to get a replacement because one of the bulbs couldn't be recognized a few days after everything was setup. Followed troubleshooting guide on the Philips Hue website with no results. Sent a message to Philips using their online contact form. Never heard from them. Contacted Amazon and was provided a replacement. Aside from that headache, it's easy to use and functions fine for now.
Five Stars Very easy to install... first step to an automated home
Five Stars Great
Very nice and well made bulbs, Love these bulbs, just re-ordered another set to finish up the rest of the house. They work well indoors as well in outdoor closed light fixtures,(at least in CA weather).
Best Dimmable Lights Out There Ordered a couple cheap colored LED bulbs before switching to Phillips Hue. I prefer to have the hub at my house interacting with Alexa, rather than relying on severs in China like the other cheaper bulbs use. Great purchase for the hub and will look into buying other separate bulbs. You get what you pay for!
Easily the best "Smart Home" purchase. Works fantastic. I have these in the main rooms, bedroom, and front door light. Works great with Siri and Alexa (I use both). Quick to set up, and easily set up automations based on your schedule. no more flipping lights on and off, and I can have lights turn on and off throughout the day as a robbery deterrent. Highly recommend.
Excellent starter pack of wifi bulbs Set a few bulbs up on timers in my living room lamps and one on my porch light. I come home to a lit house and they turn themselves off. Work flawlessly. Color is warm just like an incandescent, dims no problem.
Expensive I like the product, but the price is just too of a turn-off. Besides changing the “scene” of the room, there is not much you can do. (Atleast with the Official Phillips Hue app.
Works great This set works great so far, we are very happy that they connected to the internet immediately and work great. We had a lifx bulb that never connected to internet and were interested to give another brand a try and are happy we did
but not too bad.. These work as advertised. You need the little Hue "bridge" and then it can support around 25 lightbulbs. It gets kinda complicated if you setting up alot of rooms and lights because you have to assign the lights to a room, but not too bad..
Screws in like and other light bulb Screws in like and other light bulb, takes minimal effort to set up and Google Mini works just fine with it.
Three Stars At any distance from bridge bulb does not function
nice Reliable dealer, nice product
No-Brainer Starter Kit This smart bulb system is a must. It completely transformed my small apartment. Philips does a great job of making it easy to set up and easy to use for the best (and priciest) in the smart bulb. The hub can be uses across all of Philips smart bulbs/lamps. Works great with Alexa and Siri. I think it's worth the extra cost to have a quality product, mobile app, and customer service. Wouldn't highly recommend. I 've already expanded mine beyond this great little starter kit.
Five Stars worked great with alexa home
No need to get up and turn off the light I'm one of those people that leave the lights on until right before I get tired enough to fall asleep. It used to annoy me that I would have to get up from a comfortable position to turn off the light and then get comfortable again. Now I can ask Alexa to turn off the lights for me or manage it via my phone. If you're a light sleeper like I am, I have Alexa use the light as an alarm and the alarm "goes off" by turning on the light which wakes me up instantly. It was scary at first but works every time lol.
Five Stars Amazing !
Five Stars I’m in love with these smart bulbs. Will be buying the white ambience next!
Setup sucks. Don't use hue app Setup sucks. Don't use hue app, just use Google home or it won't work. After that, they are very convenient.
Easy set up Bought as a present for my mom to use with her Amazon Echo Dot. She loves it. Easy setup. Can use the Hue app on her iPhone/iPad or her Echo Dot to control the lights.
Five Stars Amzing
Worth every penny!!! It’s fabulous! Simple set up! Works great and very high quality.
Five Stars love it
Pros: Work with alexa and wink hub, lights ... Pros: Work with alexa and wink hub, lights are dimmableCons: Bulbs need to be fairy close to the hub or need a z-wave device half way (works as a repeater)My thoughts:
Pricey and Proprietary They are dimmable, but only one color: can't do warm vs cool light. Setup with Google Home was relatively easy. Replacement bulbs aren't cheap, and only Philips bulbs work with the rest of the system.
I love this lights and bridge I love this lights and bridge, there are perfect for me and with amazon echo dot and Alexa are the perfect combination. I recommend it especially if you live alone.
Alexa makes me lazy My bedroom is now powered by Alexa and I love that I no longer have To get out of bed to turn the lights off
Smart & Siri Not having to use a switch to turn on and off lights in my house was the mission. Philips Hue let me have rules to turn on lights for my pets when it's dark, and because of its HomeKit alliance I can ask Siri to turn the lights on/off.
Very Convenient Not having to get up once your in bed...not having to walk back upstairs cause you forgot to turn your lights off....genius!
Perfect product, a must for an intelligent home Love it, now we can control the lights of my front door and the ones outside my garage even when I forget to do it due that you can select sunrise and sunset function. The app is super easy to use and we loved it when we were on vacations due that we also control lights on the inside just like w were at home.
My experience with this product was not a pleasant one ... My experience with this product was not a pleasant one. The lights were flashing whenever they were on which caused so many headaches with me. This left me with two choices. Either replace the dimmer switch, or return the bulbs. I returned the bulbs due to this problem. Also, their were some flaws in the software, for it was really hard for me to set up mine and my sisters on our Alexa's.
If you can figure out how to set it up, works like a charm, but expensive way to go. Very, very pricey and you need a hub attached to router. Very user unfriendly connection to Alexa. Wasn't sure which app to download to make it work. Then I found out I could buy wireless plugs for less money that don't require a hub or special expensive light bulbs. They too were difficult to get set up and attached to Alexa. In fact I had to google it (suggested by my daughter) and was able to figure it out that way. Why are instructions on electronics so useless?Once I finally got the hub set up and connected to Alexa - works like a charm - I just tell Alexa to turn on or off lamps in a certain room or all lamps.
Paired to Amazon ECHO Easy to set up with Amazon ECHO
Simple and easy to use. Super well designed app and hub. Simple to set up and use. Great.
Works but not a good bulb Easy enough to set up but the bases cord is short...wish these would have come with day light bulbs and not a yellow bulb/warm light bulb
Five Stars Awesome product with easy setup!
Eh They worked great. But I found out you can’t control them anywhere with 4G LTE like my TP-Link lights, that for me was a huge deal breaker as I want to turn them on/off whenever/wherever
Loving the Hue Smart Bulbs! These bulbs make life easier: It's great to schedule lights or use the GPS feature to have the lights turn on as you enter your neighborhood using the Philips app. They also work perfectly with Alexa. The adjustable brightness/dimming feature is a nice bonus. I also bought a starter set for my parents & they love using them with Alexa!!
Worth the investment. Using with google home and works ... Worth the investment. Using with google home and works ok. Light is dimmable and you can ask for more or less brightness
This item sounds good but would not link up with my Echo or ... This item sounds good but would not link up with my Echo or my Bluetooth, just flicking a switch is easier. Returned it for refund!
very happy with the kit very happy with the kit! I have the system set up throughout my house with Alexa controlling. it's really nice to just tell her to turn on/off, and the app is pretty customizable.
Five Stars I love the hue lights, this basestation works great with Alexa.
Not What I Have Hoped For I was looking for something that I could command orally, like those operated in connection with Amazon Echo.
Even My Non-Technical Family Loves This! I love these lights so much that I ordered multiples as Christmas gifts. I felt kinda like Oprah, "You get a light kit, and you get a light kit, everyone gets a light kit!". Seriously though, these are super easy to set up, work fantastic with our Echo Dots, and make it easy to turn off lights that people can't ever seem to turn off manually. My low-tech family loves how easy these are to use with their Echo devices. I love that I don't have a ton of apps to manage... we can expand this kit to 50 devices and still only use the Philips Hue/Alexa apps to manage everything. The bulbs may be more pricey than some of the more generic ones, but it's worth it for the convenience.
Poor color The color of the light is a bit green. It's not got the warmth of tungsten. Don't use these where you care about color or might be taking photos.
Five Stars Perfect. No complaints. I even recommended people.
Great lighting Don't ever turn on or off a light , just say it. Great when your hands are full.
Expensive-ish, but worth the price! Philips Hue, as usual, delivers an excellent product and works quite trouble free.The only complaint I would have about these kits, and Hue series in general, would be the cost.They do deliver on the quality though with that added cost.The bulbs are beautiful, the light is excellent for the power consumption.The Hue hub and my SmartThings are playing quite nicely now for some time.
Five Stars So much fun. Got one colored one additionally and now everything is awesome!!!!!!
Four Stars Love it it's wonderful
Five Stars Works fine
Five Stars Gift for christmas
Lights are easy to set up and control via phone app or ... Lights are easy to set up and control via phone app or by voice command to Alexa and/Or Google home.
Works perfectly. Some times you might have to turn ... Works perfectly. Some times you might have to turn the switch off (power cycle the bulb). But hey. electronics are not 100% fail proof.
Takes some getting used to but training the household is problematic I contemplated a 5 star rating but the reality of utility has proven to be not as friendly as one may think. Years of habit make turning the lamps on and off manually is hard to overcome but doable. Setting up auto on and off is great option, especially if going out of town. Also great is the remote control; you can be out of the country and still control the lights (assuming someone didn't turn one or more of them off manually). Using Google Home is a hit or miss; I've almost quit using it altogether, opting instead to just open the app on my phone and controlling them that way. I'm fairly sure that once we all get accustomed to operating the lamps, we'll stop remembering how to work those lamps manually. I would get them again, just for the remote operation.
Love the Phillips Hue. I bought this starter kit during the Christmas shopping season, on sale for about 40% off. This was a great start to my smart home. Normal price is a little high, but they work almost flawlessly. Hope to add color changing bulbs soon.
Very cool system Works really well. Very cool system
Five Stars Great item great price the wife loves it.
Great as a starter kit. Great as a starter kit. I use these with the Harmon Kardon Invoke w/Cortana and I have had no problems. This kit works well with Home Remote for Windows 10 and I am able to control the lights while I'm away from home. This is my first smart home project but I'm looking to expand with other lights.
Five Stars easy to install. works great with alexa.
Really happy with this purchase Got this as a Christmas present for my husband he loves it. We can turn on the lights as were pulling up to the house, turn the nightlight scene on for 3am baby feedings or if we're at work and it's getting dark we'll turn the lights on for the dogs. Really happy with this purchase.
its working out good for me right now its working out good for me right now, the bridge help me out with other things i got to make it easy for me
Easy setup works great with Alexa This kit is easy to setup and does exactly what I expected. I recently got an echo dot as well and it integrates perfectly with these bulbs. I can now control my lights hands free, with my phone, and even when I am not at home. My phone does occasionally have a delay connecting when I come home but with the dot I can still easily control my lights. They are also a bit pricey when you have fixtures with multiple bulbs. My favorite part is not having to get out of bed to turn the lights off at night.
Five Stars Price is hard to swallow but works really well to get started. Expanding is an investment.
this was a gift and they love it. Easy to set up this was a gift and they love it. Easy to set up, though I recommend plugging in one bulb at at time and setting up each in turn. Otherwise, it's hard to know which is which.
These are very good, premium at a slight cost. Work great, I'm buying a single $50 color bulb for the morning waking up feature. These are not recommended for morning wake apparently. These are fun to use and are very convenient. I bought this kit as an investment into the hue ecosystem. All of their products are expensive but there aren't any unified alternatives, and even the cheap bulbs aren't very much less expensive.
Three Stars Issues with Alexa duplicating bulbs so Alexa can’t control because of duplicates
light up my night! Way to be lazier works like a charm with a smart home device to improve it even more!
Makes such a difference I bought this to use with the Echo Dot that I received for my birthday. I have a physical disability that makes it painful and difficult to get around. With these bulbs, I can turn my lights off and on without standing, turning, or walking. Sometimes my son leaves a light on in the other room. I replaced the lights he leaves on the most and now I can turn off all my lights without getting out of bed.
Great controlled lighting option Another toy I have wanted for a while. These are great for secuity lights allowing programs that can even randomize the on and off times. I like them personally for messing with the kids. t
Plug The Hub To Your Router Fun color lights, timer settings, Alexa voice control.....expensive bulbs.
Awesome with Alexa Use these with Alexa dot and they work perfectly. Timer modes and diming options are pretty cool. From what I've tested losing internet connection does not affect the state the lights are in at that moment.
These bulbs are life changing! These bulbs are life changing. I am a night owl, always have been, the fact that I can time my lights to dim on their own gradually (so I actually get sleepy and go to bed at a reasonable time) is a game changer. I recommend these to everyone. They are amazing.
Works Well but More Expensive. Worked as advertised. Integrated easily with my SmartThings hub. Just wish th Phillips Hue stuff wasn’t so much more expensive than the other options.
Five Stars Fun to play with, they get very bright and work great with my several Google home mini.
I love these bulbs I love these bulbs. My daughter gave me the 4 pack starter kit for Christmas and i love them.
Love them and they have changed my daily routine entirely Got this on a special price. Love them and they have changed my daily routine entirely.
... the day but my husband and I are having fun and enjoying echo and all the gadgets to go ... Never thought we would see the day but my husband and I are having fun and enjoying echo and all the gadgets to go along with Alexa.
I love this very much I turn my lights on on ... I love this very much I turn my lights on on my way home about 12 miles away… When I go to bed at night I get in bed and I turn on my lights off awesome I want to get up in the morning I turn my lights on with my phone
Not too swift but ok. Can only control lights when in bluetooth range. For the money this is not a good value.
Easy setup and easy to use Works great with Google Home. I love this product.
Five Stars Good
Easy set up! Love the convenience of these lights. Easy to set up and add to my echo system.
Five Stars They're great. Excellent for remote activation for safety while on vacation. Works great with Alexa.
Impressed....for about 3 hours, anyway. This is my initial impressions and comments on the setup and function. Out of the box set up was simple and easy. You simply put the bulbs in the lights, turn them on, connect the hub to the power and ethernet and open the app. Everything is simple and straightforward. To connect it to the Alexa I downloaded the "skill" and Alexa immediately found all of the bulbs and group I had setup.Had a little frustration with Alexa claiming I had "several" devices with the same name--despite only having one with that name, but I renamed the ones it had a problem with. I was impressed, dimming lights, turning them off and on in groups and individually, the family was impressed. It worked GREAT-----FOR ABOUT 3 HOURS!! Then the Hue hub went offline. Alexa said "the Hue hub is not responding". So I checked everything and sure enough the Hue hub would not connect to the internet through the Hue app. This is especially perplexing as it is CONNECTED with an ETHERNET cable, not WIFI (and for your information it CANNOT connect with WIFI). How does a device plugged directly into the router lose a hardwired connection? So now I apparently have to start over again with a full reset. So I'm guessing this will be a bust, but Ill update later.Cannot give more than 2 stars at $80.00 for 4 "dumb" LED bulbs I could get for $2.00 each. Kinda pricey LED bulbs. I will be returning it if it goes offline again and going with the plugs to see if those work.UPDATE When I got home from work the Hue was back online and working. So at this point everything is functioning as it should.UPDATE again....back to no connection to the hue. At this point it does work about 70% of the time. But it is very unreliable at best. Not sure why it disconnects itself randomly but it does. Usually corrects itself but very frustrating.
Great Product, it's nice to be able to control ... Great Product, it's nice to be able to control lights through the Echo, have the family come home to a lighted house and to be able to control the lights when not at home.
Easy to setup Easy to setup and get connected. Programming was a breeze. Great product - will be adding to these lights. This is a great starter kit.
DOA bridge, don't let it frustrate you. Hue bridge (part that connects to your network) arrived DOA. After spending over an hour troubleshooting turns out this piece of junk was just dead. Tried to do a return hoping for a quick exchange but all amazon offered was a refund 7 days after receiving. Screw that. Went and bought one from the local Best Buy and it works fine.
More Hassle Than Convenience Bought a starter kit with 3 bulbs. 1 bulb wouldn't connect while in some lights, but would connect in others (a different bulb *did* connect in the former.) Got all 3 bulbs connected, seemed good to go... 2 days later Alexa can't "discover" any Phillips devices. I see I could manually enter the serial numbers off each bulb & try to reconnect, but I honestly don't feel like doing that even once, much less every time the product fails. We were initially excited & bought more bulbs to set up, but now I won't even bother.
Very good for smart homes Works great with my home. Just need to make sure you leave the light switches on. I was able to connect these to the Amazon Echo too.
Five Stars Very easy to set up. I highly recommend!
Didn't know the switches have to remain on. If ... Didn't know the switches have to remain on. If they are in the standard off position it will say "not reachable" on the Hue app. So far i haven't been able to link it with my xfinity home which was the whole reason i bought it but it works through its own app for what i need it to. I may consider getting an Alexa. Idk yet
Five Stars Good productive work very well to starting a smart home
Five Stars The Hue Lights are great, they work great with my Alexa
Five Stars Great product.
Does not work. Would not set up at all. Followed the instructions precisely and the hub would not find my router. Tried several times and still nothing. Tried the advanced method of manually logging my IP address, same results. After about 10 attempts I have given up and will return the item. I even tried to go the the website listed on the bottom of the link page and was directed to a GERMAN site, what kind of crap is that?
Connecting is easy when the proper process is followed. Bridge was easy to install. All bulbs work perfectly. Just beware that you must have an led capable dimmer switch in order to have the bulbs work properly. If a regular dimmer is used, the bulbs may flicker and/or not work at all. Downloading the Hue app was easy and fast and the bulbs were discovered on the Hue app immediately. If attempting to connect using Alexa, I found that the devices had to be discovered using the Hue app first and then they would appear on the Alexa app.
Set up was easy, however Set up was easy, however, connectivity with Apple home is intermittent and a known problem. I wish I had checked the support page for Philips before purchasing these and discovered the issue.
Best in class. Great value. Easy to use. I never thought these would be a big deal. We use lamps with smart plugs all over the house, so I didn't see the point in bothering with expensive smart bulbs.I was totally wrong. These are great. So many smart plugs make a very quiet, high pitched ringing noise that annoys me. These don't.The ability to dim and adjust the lights is awesome. They animate smoothly when turning on, off, high, or low. It looks cool.The color is great, the usability is great. I didn't want to like these as much as I do, but they really are the best smart lighting system I've seen.
2nd gen at a great price 2nd gen at a great price
Fantastic!!!!!!!!! Best thing since sliced bread. Seriously!!! We are seniors. We can ask Echo Dot to turn off of on lights for us. It helps in dark house at night, especially with 2 black cats coming to greet us.
Five Stars Really easy to set up and work.
... these with a echo dot and they really work great! Total control of light output We use these with a echo dot and they really work great! Total control of light output.
Very easy to use Very easy to use. Had a few more problems with apple HomeKit and the bridge sincing up. Be careful to not have too many conflicts or variations between the hue hub and your voice control unit.
... a Google Home Mini for Christmas and they work beautifully. You can turn on and off individual lights ... I got these after I got a Google Home Mini for Christmas and they work beautifully. You can turn on and off individual lights or group them into rooms using the app or Google Home (aka Google Assistant). And with the app, you can setup routines to do things like turn off the lights when you leave home or turn them on when the sun sets. The only downside is that you need the hub in order to connect to these lights and the hub requires a wired ethernet connection.
Easy to set up and works great Finally opened the box last week and got it set up. It's very easy to set up and the app so far seems ok. I wish the unit was wireless instead of having to have it connected via Ethernet to the router. I would prefer to have set the unit up someplace else than right next to the router. Downloaded the app and connecting the bridge and bulbs was very straight forward and quick. I think it took me maybe 6 or 7 minutes to connect and set it up. I have not had a chance to delve into all the options in the IOS app, but is very easy to use. Was able to turn the lights on and off pretty quickly using the app. There are all kinds of routines, timers, etc to set up. Had to update the bridge and bulb software, but that was quick and easy to. Definitely worth the cost and ease of set up.
Work well, but can not change color temperature. These bulbs work well and are very easy to setup, but these specific bulbs you can NOT change the color temperature. The naming of the kits is not good, so it's easy to think these are the Hue white Ambient lights.
Four Stars works well
Love it. But pricey Love it. Can’t wait till they are a little cheaper so I can afford having more than 2.
Five Stars Great for a breast feeding mom to manage lights!
... so far it's performing very well and is much enjoyed by the recipient Bought this as a Christmas gift and so far it's performing very well and is much enjoyed by the recipient.
Great product with great features! The product itself is great, only had a few issues with the communication between the hubs and the bulbs, but after a reset on the system the problem went away.
for people who feel bothered to turn off the light right before sleeping! I bought with the Echo dot and haven't checked the connectivity, but by itself with a mobile, it worked perfectly.Without inconvenience, you can turn off your light with a phone!
Working well for me! I love these bulbs. I use them with the Echo Dot. You will probably only need one hub per household (a hub is good for about 40 smart bulbs). The setup was not hard on my iPhone 6s. I’d recommend these bulbs.
Very happy with these bulbs and the hub Very happy with these bulbs and the hub. Works great with Alexa. Have some set up in a group and set to come on before I arrive home. Nice coming home to a well lit home rather than a dark home. Just wish they could make a bulb that works in enclosed fixtures and could work in outside fixtures. Maybe one day they will.
Five Stars Very easy to set-up and easy to use.
Easy Setup, Work Excellently, Love this Brand now! I'm Thrilled with these lights. After purchasing a different brand - and having troubles, I tried these Philips Hue. They Work as they are supposed to! the iPhone app - Works, Google Assistant Work with them. Setup was Easy for me, and I'm not a network guru by any means. Instructions were Clear and well written and I loved the "Quick Start" setup guide! I will continue to add Hue products - these do what they say and are quality built. Love them!
Five Stars It’s great being able to turn on and off my lights with my voice!
Love it! We love this system and intend to purchase more for other sections of our home!
Five Stars Product as described.
Five Stars Good ítem!
Five Stars LOve!!
Just treat it like a new bulb Works flawlessly with Alexa. Only thing I would share is that if you miss name a bulb, don't delete it. It's dead then. Just treat it like a new bulb.
Three Stars I don't like brightness of the lights. I feel 800 lumens is deem.
Five Stars It does what is says and I'm going to get more.
Good products, but forces online registration and uncertain about data gathering capabilities. These bulbs are nice quality and have a good light. If anything, they're a little too strong, but after getting them set up with my Amazon Echo, I can easily turn them on, off, or dim them as needed. The over all process wasn't too terrible and they work well, but I subtracted stars because the setup process involves an unnecessary step of creating an account with "meethue.com". I also had a lot of trouble getting the lights to be recognized when Alexa scans for them. Even though I'm mashing the "hub" button, it took several tries (20 second wait time each) before it finally saw them all.I was unable to finish the setup before having to provide information to Philips that's none of their business and making a connection online for a product that should run and operate entirely offline. I've sent them a support request and a question here on Amazon to confirm whether the account is actually required and WHY, but neither got a response.I deleted my account today and the lamps still work so I've solved part of the problem, but I'm still left to wonder what information they're collecting based on my products, usage, and the network it's attached to. I don't honestly believe they're doing anything too terrible, but it's the uncertainty - the abuse of my trust that caused me to subtract three stars.
Love being able to turn lights on and off with ... Love being able to turn lights on and off with my phone. I don't have to walk into a dark home.
Very nice system. I wasn't sure how this would work out to start, but after getting them setup and adding some wakeup/shutdown rules to the lights I practically don't have to turn on or off a light anymore! I was able to add a light strip to the system as well as other color changing bulbs. Very nice system.
Could be great, for a price Below is posted my review that was the top-rated critical review on the previous listing for this product, before Philips decided to delete the listing and re-post it. I am still using the bulbs and have been gifted a few more, but all of the following rings absolutely true even over a year later:These things are neat.That's really the sum of the entire smart home automation experience, which the Phillips Hue is a microcosm of.Realistically speaking there are two avenues of approach with regards to smart lighting. You can either install smart switches, which would in turn control all of the bulbs connected to that switch. Or you can go for smart bulbs, which are a more individual approach. There are pros and cons to each method, but I won't get into that debate here. This is about the smart bulbs and bridge listed here.First of all, these bulbs are the white spectrum dimmer bulbs in the Hue set. They don't do colors, but a small range of warm-white intensities on a dimmer spectrum.The app for controlling the bulbs is firmly "okay". It offers things like bulb grouping (for designating rooms, mainly), time programming (turn the lights on to 25% at 5:30pm, for the cat :3), and location/proximity triggers (when you detect my phone is nearby, turn the lights on. When I leave, turn them off). It does this through a somewhat clunky, inflexible UI that obfuscates things behind layered menus. It's sometimes hard to figure out where you are in the app, or if what you just programmed has been truly set up. The one thing the app does right is that it offers a master on/off switch for all of your bulbs at the top no matter where you are in it.Alexa integration is great, and should be a primary decider for you in this purchase. Alexa lets you name bulb groups and do simple commands for the lights i.e. "Alexa, dim the bedroom to 50%" or similar. If you already have Alexa coverage in the room(s) you intend to use these in, it's great. It really feels like we're living in the future.The main rub with these bulbs is that they require the socket they're in to always be "on". This makes them ideal for lamps, since those are always plugged in anyway and benefit well from both individual control and grouping. They still work okay for permanent fixtures and sockets, but with some catches that I'll get to next. If the source for the bulb is turned off and then back on, the bulb will behave as a normal lightbulb. The obvious issue with this will be evident should you ever lose power - when power is restored all of your smart bulbs will be on.Another detriment, one that seems to be a sort of side-effect behavior is that, since the bulbs are controlled by an app that lives on one person's phone, if you don't have any secondary control schemes then people will just avoid using the lights at all. Worse still, they'll wind up flipping a switch twice as much to accomplish what normal bulbs used to, and as a bonus interrupt your current programming.Even myself, if I don't have my phone on me at all times, then what is included in this package is basically objectively less useful than a real lightbulb. Of course, Phillips is all too happy to sell you programmable switches, motion detectors, or offer up the Amazon Dot as a solution. Note that none of these things comes in under $35. Each.If I had to make a closing statement, to cease my rambling, it's this:This is a good product that could be a great product if you're willing to go all-in and deck it out with the whole nine yards, and kit out your whole home to support them. There are things that I could envision doing with the Hue switches, color bulbs, motion detectors, voice commands etc. that could come out being really awesome and simultaneously more expensive than I can justify all at once.edit: Here's where I make a 1 year addendum to the above:1. The app has never improved or changed in any significant way. Using the actual app for these bulbs isn't impossible, but they really don't expect it to be a primary control mechanism.2. Voice commands are the main driver here. If you have an android phone, you can use "Ok Google" voice assistant, and/or if you have any of the Echo devices those work too (but separately, which is annoying having to mirror bulb names).3. This kit is meant to frustrate you into buying more, honestly. The price tag is misleading - you need at least a smart phone (which is non-static, personal, and follows you around) or an Echo ($30+++ purchase, static so other people can use it too) to make any use of these. You will not get any mileage out of using these only with the app.All told this is a several hundred dollar purchase disguised as a $50-60 one. It's a loss leader. I like it, but it irks me that their starter kit doesn't come with at least an Echo dot or something.
I love my Philps Hue Smart Bulbs I love my Philps Hue Smart Bulbs. I can control them using Siri and Apple Home Kit, or with Google Assistant using Google Home. It’s also compatible with Amazon’s Alexa. Easy to set up and add additional Smart Bulbs. It’s easy to set up different automatic routines. One of my favorite purchases this year.
Five Stars great home automation product
Five Stars We need these for every room of the house.
If you like configuring your devices once a week they're perfect. Constant disconnects between the bulb and hub. Try firmware updates and they don't solve any issues. Unreliable and expensive, Philips really needs to get it together with the smarthome stuff.
Bulbs great, app buggy. Bulbs work great but the app is a little buggy.
Five Stars Work as expected.
Easy to install Does the job well. Easy to install. I wish the bridge didn't need to be hard-wired.
I am really disappointed with the product I am really disappointed with the product, one bulb already stopped working it has not been more than a month since I purchased this product.
Five Stars I like this product so much, that I bought it for Christmas for my grown children.
Very nice product Amazing controllable lights. Not as easy to set up, but once you do set it up it’s magic.
They work pretty well. I found that I needed hue switches ... They work pretty well. I found that I needed hue switches as well for then to really be practical.
great gift great gift
Love it Really easy to set up and it works great with Google Home, plus it's fun to use. Just a little heads up though, you have to connect the bridge to a router via ethernet cable, so it's not completely wireless.
Totally plug-n-play. And integrated seamlessly with Alexa! The ... Totally plug-n-play. And integrated seamlessly with Alexa! The only downside is that my 5 year old is obsessed with turning the lights on and off with Alexa.
Awesome lights I got these to create an auto lighting aspect. Mostly to be violently awoken in the morning so my fat butt would get to the gym. They work and I slightly hate them for that but overall they are cool. The app was a bit confusing at first. I recommend doing one bulb at a time. They are very bright which is great.
Great bulbs and with the app you can do a ... Great bulbs and with the app you can do a lot with these, they work great with Google Home too
Philips Hue White Dimable Starter Kit This was a gift for my parents. They absolutely love it!
Blubs turn on automaticity after you turn them off with ... Blubs turn on automaticity after you turn them off with Alexa or the hue app. Tried to reinstall still won’t work. Complete junk.
Christmas here we go! This is a great starter kit, and a great price for Christmas!
Five Stars Love it
Perfect addition to my home. I need more!!! Bought these with an echo dot. I wanted the dot specially for these bulbs. I am not let down. The pairing instructions weren't super easy to navigate. And I wasn't aware the hub has to be plugged directly to the router, but I got everthing set up with a little patience. Can't wait to buy more bulbs for other rooms. Easy to use once set up. It's so much easier to turn on the lights in the living room since I don't have any overhead lighting. I only have lamps. I can turn everything on at once. I can dim them. Or I can turn on individual lamps with my voice or with my phone. Love them!!!!
Very nice. They work very well with my Echo show Very nice. They work very well with my Echo show. I like that I now have dimmable lights without dim switches.
Works perfectly with Google home Worked like a charm and setup was pretty painless. Light glow resembles that of a regular bulb instead of a white light LED bulb
Great for making any home smart. Got this for Christmas to go with the Echo dot I won in a giveaway. It was easy to set up and works seamlessly with my iphone as well as with Alexa.
not worth it requires wired connection to router, not worth it and bulbs very dim
Three Stars I like this product, but I wish it came with instructions
No more timers and much better lighting control. Wasn’t sure I’d like them but with the holiday price break took a chance, glad I did. They can get quirky if too far away from hub at setup but once they are set the program works well, even picked up on of the hue bulbs as well.
These are awesome!! They don't change colors like the other ... These are awesome!! They don't change colors like the other philips hue lights. They fade on and off giving them a very luxurious feel. Easy set up and really fun to use. They work great with Alexa but make sure you have them grouped by room so you Alexa doesn't turn all lights off when you just want one room off.
Four Stars Does what is advertised! There's a noticeable buzz when the lights are dimmed in some installations in our house.
it is the little things like fade in and out Philips sets the standard for consumer level connected bulbs. These are warm in temp and bright enough. There are non tunable bulbs with more pleasing color and higher brightness. However, it is the little things like fade in and out, low dimmer latency, and reliability that sets philips apart. The app could use lots of improvement in features and the UI needs small changes to make the app experience as good as the hardware experience. But in the still nascent world of home automation, Philips is currently at the top. It needs serious investment to stay there.
LOVE IT ! I Amazing so happy with my lights I cant say how much i love them so much my family loves interacting with them and Siri does a great job. It is so easy to start my smart home this way so easy to turn on lights when you are across another room. Can't wait to build up on my smart home it is expensive but it is worth it.
These are so cool! Have yet to have the product malfunction These are so cool! Have yet to have the product malfunction. First step for me towards a smart home.
A little buggy, but still a great product. This is a great starter kit for upgrading or updating your home with smart-home products. The system isn't perfect, however. For example, the hue app is clunky and buggy, but does receive updates fairly often. At least once per week, Alexa, which is linked to my system, fails to recognize an individual light or a grouping of lights, hence the four-star rating. Otherwise, it is a great piece of technology. I ordered one kit for me and one for my father who is starting to get into smart-home functionality.
Five Stars When these are on sale its a good value.
Game changing product...highly recommend Great savings on the bundle. Works so well with Alexa I literally don't use my light switches any more
Five Stars good deal
Problem with 3 way switch lamps Great concept but one of the bulbs would drop its connection with the bridge and behave erraticallyCustomer support said that these bulbs were designed to work on single pole lamps therefore I am returning this great, when it works, gift
Five Stars Absolutely love it! The best Xhristmas present ever! Easy to setup
Good product It works out of box and it is very easy to integrate with Alexa and Smartthings.I just got another pack of bulbs.
Four Stars It's working great with Alexa. Haven't had an issue with it.
... worked with the switch and the exchange process was super easy. the hub went out after a week or two but the lights still worked with the switch and the exchange process was super easy.
Four Stars These work well but the warmth can not be adjusted with Alexa. You must use the Philips app.
These bulbs are great! Alexa compatible and you can use 50 bulbs ... These bulbs are great! Alexa compatible and you can use 50 bulbs per hub. I wouldn’t recommend using 50, though. The more you use in one hub, the slower the response time. Highly recommend!
Poor home automation choice; obnoxious hub and poor performance. These bulbs (unlike many of their competitors) require a hub to be plugged in and hard-wired (Ethernet) to your router. They don't remember their color or dimness setting upon restart. The minimum dimness setting is still very bright. This was an unfortunate purchase that I really regret... I am hoping to resell them or throw away the set.
Love them ! I got these just for the heck of it since they were at 59.99.... oh boy, everyone loves them and I'm already ordering more bulbs. Gave it 4 since It would be great that instead of the hub to have to be hardwired that it would connect wireless. This way I would not need to throw a cable to where our bedrooms are at the other side of the house where the signal doesnt reach the lamps.
Love this kit Love this kit. It gives you an option to turn on and off the light when you are away for vacation, or you don't want to arrive home in dark. The android app is easy to use and now I am scheduling all four lights to be on and off at certain time. Only complain is that the price is still a little high at this moment.
$$$$ Easy to set up but still costly to have smart home
Little closer to smarter home with Alexa and Philips Hue. If u have Alexa, set it up straight through Alexa apps, and skip the Philips hue apps. Plug all of them in first, so you know which one is which.
Five Stars I love It! I plan to replace every bulb!!
Five Stars Great lights, works well!!
Five Stars Very easy to install and operate
Works well, easy to configure (but needs wired connection). Works really well and is super easy to configure. Has maintained connectivity very well after the initial connection and is able to control the lights across multiple floors of the house.The only drawback is that it needs to be cable connected to the Hub - limits the location where it can be placed - wish it could use wireless.
Five Stars Work Great with Alexa!!
A-MAZ-ING!! I love everything about these bulbs! The bridge was easy to set up, even for someone technologically challenged like myself. Everything paired seamlessly with my Echo devices and Apple Home. I love that you can dim them and set timers and routines. I’m never going back to regular bulbs.
Love these light bulbs Love these light bulbs. I want to buy more for the house. Works with Alexa. We installed them in our bedroom and hallway for now.My only complaint is that they are a little expensive.
Great function, but somewhat orange Very cool when used with the smart functions. The sunrise feature made it much easier to wake up early this morning. The color is somewhat orangy, as are most LEDs, but a little better than others.
Four Stars works well
Five Stars Love being able to voice control them off and on!
Five Stars good bulbs! Works well....easy setup with echo plus!
Five Stars Purchased as a gift and the receiver is thrilled with them. Works well with the Echo Dot.
Five Stars Love these bulbs and can't wait to get more! Just wish they were a bit cheaper.
Works well but set-up could be a little less cumbersome Bought some of these as gifts and everybody seems to be pleased. I am told set-up is a little time-consuming and somewhat confusing, but works well once up and running. Be sure to label and each light as you go when setting up, otherwise if you install all of them before starting to set-up, you will have to go back around and figure out which one is which during set-up.
Great Set I bought this set for my son for Christmas. It's a wonderful value, and it works perfectly with his Echo Dot. He has hat the Dot for a little while but didn't have the hub to expand as he wanted. Now he's making all kinds of plans for what to do in his big house (lol). As a side note, while testing the hub and lights, he had Alexa call me. He was telling me about what he'd done and mentioned Alexa followed shortly by "cancel" ... which had Alexa hang up the phone. It was really funny, and he now knows not to say "her" name when on a call unless he means it!
Five Stars My 12ys old kid set up himself at his bedroom.:-)
Five Stars Works great!
Everything I Expected I purchased the started kit but it was never delivered by USPS so I had to buy it from Best Buy. I also purchased 2 ambient bulbs as well.The setup was incredible fast and easy. It's paired with my Amazon Echo. The Philips Hue widget on my iPhone 6S works well with 3D touch including Apple Home Kit. Scenes, Groups, Home & Away and Routine features work flawlessly. Would definitely recommend.
For the Kingdom of Lazy Bachelors! In the era of smart home devices, one brand will rule them all. Never will I flip a light switch ever again within my home. I command my Echo dot, smart watch, or smartphone to bringeth light!! Seriously these lights are awesome, if you’re just as lazy or geeky as I am then you’ll purchase these lights for your home, office, or apartment. It’s a little on the pricier side for lightbulbs, but they’re awesome!
Works well This works really well, and I really wish I had noticed that you can't adjust the color between daylight/warm light. I'm rating it 5 stars anyway because it works exactly as it should and that was my own fault for not reading more carefully!
Perfect for kids that leave the lights on in the ... Perfect for kids that leave the lights on in the house because you can turn them off when you are not home. I thought it was somewhat tricky to finally get it setup but I think it was more of a Google Home issue. Noticed that one of the bulbs that I received is not as bright as the others. Phillips app is pretty cool.
Good starter kit for smart lights This is a great start set: particularly if you're looking to start with a smart home set up. My primary use for this was home security while on vacation, but since then I've learned you can do so much more with these. Being able to set up a routine was nice. I also have an Echo Dot so being able to turn these off and on using voice commands is a very nice touch. You can even audibly set the percentage level of dimness for these.
Five Stars Very economical starter kit.
Such an amazing product and it was easy to set up too Everyone should own these light bulbs and the echo...it has changed my life! Such an amazing product and it was easy to set up too! Very user friendly!
Wonderful set to get Wonderful set to get! I would give them 5 stars but my only complaint is that the hue cannot be set between warm and cold for the white lights.
No. This is not white. Cannot change colours. And is annoying to setup. The disconnects frequently. I just received the package so I'm giving it 24 hours to prove any kind of worth or else I'm sending it back. Will update this post.
Dim but work well They work perfect with the Alexa and the set up is simple. However, they are kind of dim. I wish they would be brighter.
Five Stars Very easy setup and works great!!
Hands -Free Lights Ordered and couldn't be happier with the connection to Alexa, which makes our lives a whole lot easier with the On/Off of the lights in our house.
Great for a growing smart home Got these as a Cyber Monday deal. Work great with my Google Assistant and have made it much easier to manage the lighting in my living room and basement.
PRETTY HAPPY I bought this starter set to work with Echo and three Dots. To be honest, the Hue Bridge and the bulbs set up nicely, and I could control all of the bulbs from the Hue app. The issue was in connecting it to the Echo and Dots; not the most straight-forward approach to marrying the Hue Bridge to the Echo platform. I think the apps should be more intuitive.In the end, I called Philips and talked to "Rhonda", who helped me work thru the app connections. I like the product (maybe a bit overpriced?), but the apps (Echo and Hue) need a simpler interface and instruction.