The center of a smart home. This particular unit was bought as a house warming gift for my son, who is buying his first house. I bought one for myself soon after I got my first Echo. At the time Echos required a hub to control smart home devices and, even though the new Echo Pluses have a Zigbee radio built in, I still prefer the SmartThings hub. It also has a ZWave radio, and it can interact with external cloud apps like IFTTT and Yonomi.I recommend it to anyone interested in making their home smart.
Unstable, no support Support straight up ignores everything. Device will work for 3 months, and then randomly disconnect half of my devices. It has done this 4 times over the course of the last year. I am finished with Samsung products because of this. Absurd.
Can’t get to work Can’t get it to work
Works Great Great product and got all my z-wave devices working
I will return this So far it’s 100% crap. Modem instructions and app instructions do not lineup. Useless
Worked great for 2 years until Samsung Smartthings updated their app This hub is basically unusable because Samsung updated the Smartthings app without a lot of quality assurance. I deleted the new app and reinstalled the old one but many of the features are gone. You can't even use the Samsung HD cameras with the app now. Not sure what they were thinking but I will be replacing all my home automation and will never buy Samsung again. I have spent HOURS trying to reinstall door locks, light bulbs, switches, etc to have them either go offline or disconnect before I can even finish adding all my connections. Customer service told me I needed to send in my smartphone (another Samsung product) for them to review to see what the problem is. Very dissatisfied long time Samsung customer.
Flawed hardware Absolutely did not work. Plugged it directly into my router but could never get hub to connect to the internet. Tried every chord I had in my house and all the steps from online help for this issue.
Not very compatible This device is compatible with a lot of stuff but most of it requires you to use their old crappy application. Only thing good I can say about it is that it is small and reliable.
Terrible software No web access to hub, unless you are developer caliber. Smartphone app is terrible. Hub software is very buggy, and you cannot schedule updates. I should have bought the VERA.
CRAP The Smartthings home hub is advertised to work with the Schlage key pad lock's remote features but it does not. A complete waist of $200 for the door handle and lock plus the $100 for Smarthings hub if I can't change the key pad combination for renters remotely. Lairs!!! Hours and hours messing with it between Smarthings Customer service and Schlage customer service then Smarthing says the latest unit only locks and unlocks and no idea when they will update the firmware
^^ Good
Works well Works well
Great with smart locks Pro: I bought this to control my Kwikset 910 door lock. It performs as advertised including lock/unlock, code entry and status. Note: this is version 2 of the hub. Version 3 is now for sale but does not work with locks (at least my Kwikset locks) even though they advertise otherwise. To work well, you need an application that only works with version 2 of the Smartthings hub-‘‘this hub).Con: This hub is Ethernet connection only. WiFi is not supported. The Ethernet cable included is too short to be practical for many installations (I think it’s 5 feet). I bought a 15 footer so I could move the hub around the room.
keen vent not compatible kren vent not compatible with it
Beware does not work with most HVAC thermostats Warning. If you intend to operate a furnace or heat pump thermostat with this controller then know that Samsung only supports Echobee and Honeywell brands. I had purchased a GoControl model in September 2018 and when I had difficulty maintaining a connection, Samsung support refused to assist me. Their response was "sorry, GoControl brands are not a supported device on our zwave network". I cannot assist you with troubleshooting."Unless you are a capable network engineer, have lots of time on your hands or want a very limited number of devices to control then avoid this samsung zwave controller.
Easy to use with devices that have built in support, other devices can be more difficult to add. It was simple to install. I had some problems trying to pair a inovelli switch. I had to copy and install code for device handler and app, then install another smart app to get an inovelli zwave switch with scene button to work correctly. Unless you like wonk about with code, stick to devices already listed in the smart things app. No problem integrating an ecobee thermostat, sylvania zigbee smart plugs, GE zwave outdoor switch and Lutron Caseta.
It's unstable and not reliable platform It's unstable and not reliable platform. They migrated login system to new version and I lost access to all devices. It slow. It's unreliable.
Do Not consider for Home Security I initially thought this is the best way to go for DIY Self monitored home security. Samsung latest app does not have support to arm or disarm system automatically not does it have support to add keypad or add delays to disarm when entering home.These might not be your priorities but for me - I want my system to be armed every single time I leave my house or else there is no value.
Good brand and product Useful for home automation.
works well, no issues with installation This hub works. The integration with my Z-wave locks and other devices is great. I have had no issues with the hub since installation
Great when it works. I have been involved with home automation for many years, I have used a couple different versions of Vera, then switched to Smartthings because it easily worked with Amazon Alexa and Google Home. A couple main differences are that Smartthings is more user friendly when setting up and making adjustments for basic things, the trade off is that Vera is more granular ie if this code gets used in the door do this, or if door is locked from inside vs outside do this, where with Smartthings is more like "if door is unlocked, do this"I was willing to give up granular settings (you can do a lot of this with Smartthings but you need to install additional code or write your own, this is were Vera becomes easier) to be able to use the voice assistants. What I have experienced is that Smartthings has become more and more unreliable. I have Smartthings installed in my business, my home, and my fathers home, one of my employees has it installed in their home. As of right now the one in my business about 80% of the time works fine but randomly will not turn on 1 or 2 lights when running a scene. At home half of my lights have stopped working (admittedly I have both zwave and zigbee from several different companies) as well as some lights missing now from my list of devices. At my fathers home I tried to avoid any issues by doing all zwave hardware and that helped but they are also recently having problems with things randomly not working, not allowing a phone access to control things, and when trying to reset and account being told the country code now doesn't match. At my employees house their zigbee lights stopped working and they are unable to get Smartthings to connect. So out of 4 setups all 4 are now having problems. This is great technology but still has a very long way to go for reliability. I am pretty tech savvy so for someone like my dad who is not this would be nothing but frustration. I am getting tired of walking out into my garage and stumbling in the dark because the lights didn't come on when I opened the door and now being told by my voice assistant that device hasn't been setup yet. I will be looking into Vera again to see what options they have for working with voice assistants because I would love to switch back to Vera and my dad has asked me about switching their house back as well.Bottom Line: If you are tech savvy or don't mind dealing with intermittent issues then this won't be a problem although it does get pretty annoying and begs the question would it just be easier to flip the switch. Smartthings is easy to setup and great for basic use, most problems seem to come when trying to automate things which in my opinion is where a smart home is suppose to shine.
Wait until they fix it. Recent update broke Alexa integration. My devices no long sync. It used to work flawlessly. Then alexa started saying that the devices are not responding, even when they were. Now, it will not add any new devices or scenes.
I may be a moron So far I cannot get this thing to work. Came with no power cord. No directions.I could be A moron - more later
Simply put, it does not work as designed with Schlage Z-Wave locks. I had purchased Schlage Z-Wave keypad lock so that I could lock/unlock our front door remotely. With four children in the house and their friends, someone always leaves the door unlocked by accident. I didn't realize at the time of purchase that my Schlage lock will require the purchase of another product - Samsung SmartThings Hub.I had setup the hub two months ago, at the same time as our lock was installed. The problems began almost immediately.The SmartThings app on my iPhone always claims an "UNKNOWN" status for the lock. It should read LOCKED or UNLOCKED. In other words, the system and the app don't work as intended. I am always forced to press the LOCK button on my app in order for it to refresh correctly. If you search the internet, this is a widely reported problem.My second issue has to do with battery life on the lock itself. My previous Schlage locks would last for years with a single set of AA batteries. This lock has died after less than two months. Only yesterday, the SmartThings app reported 98% battery life. Today, no one can get into the house because the batteries are dead.Again, upon searching the internet, this seems to be a widely reported problem, with seemingly no solution from Schlage nor Samsung.Upon spending hours on phone support with Schlage, they were eager to blame the issue on Samsung. Samsung in-turn, was eager to blame the issue on Schlage, urging me to call their tech support.If technology is released where two products are supposed to work together, I would expect better support than this childish blame game. It seems like consumers are being tricked into paying money in order to test products that should still have been in the development stage.I am already past the return period, but I would not recommend Samsung SmartThings Smart Hub to anyone.
Bit expensive but worth it Very nice but it is a little pricey. Worth every cent. Works very well.
Great addition to home automation! This is for the V2 Hub.Love this. No issues as of yet. Great addition to my home automation. Love that you can add custom device handlers.
Alexa integration It is integrated to alexa but the skill is limited to UK only (if you live outside UK it will not work). That's completely unfair and they never mention it on the product description.
Compatible? Can not compatible with STH-ETH-001 Hun and doesn’t work with eco link
Works great with Kwikset Locks I got this to expand my smart home network ans specifically for my Kwikset smartcode locks. Paired easily and works as as advertised.
It’s a little flakey. Mainly because of limited range. Other than that it’s good. The smartthings app is in the midst of a bit of an identity crisis. So that is like whatever. But I needed a zwave hub. And this gives me that.
Poor app progression Samsung has really dropped the ball by removing the support of custom device handlers in their newest app. People have lots of varied smart home devices and appreciate the custom device handlers. So - the button seems to work but you can only program it with the new app. I can't control my smarthome with the new app since I have many devices that use a custom device handler. I have to use both apps (PITA). On phone support samsung tells me they will phase out the classic (old) app and then people using custom device handlers will be left out in the lurch. When that happens, I will gather all the samsung items in my house and I will simultaneously THROW THEM ALL OUT!
Samsung is Stupid They decided to make everyone switch to a Samsung account, and trying to get one is a pain. 5 Captchas later, and their phone support for 1 hour. Really don't use Smartthings, bad management. If your hub has a hiccup too you'll have to add everything all over again, no way to backup configuration.
Unreliable and mobile apps are a mess There are two different mobile apps for the hub. Most of the functionality of the old app doesn't work in the new app. On top of that, the interface is terrible.Lots of issues getting basic pairing working with outlets and other pieces in the box. Delays when turning on lights. You tell it to turn on a light, then you wait.Returning. Serious disappointed.
Didn't Quite meet My requirements I bought this box primarily so that I could control my TV via Alexa. All I had read said that it could turn it on and off. Sadly, it only turns it off and has very limited control of the other functions. To be honest, this probably isn't the fault of the box but of the TV (a 'smart' Samsung). My view may change once I have been able to install some other 'smart' stuff for my home but I will probably look at something like the Amazon Fire stick to control my TV.
Garbage This is the product for you if you want hours of frustration. Devices disconnect randomly. Devices, scenes, smartapps, settings all disappear randomly. The Smartthings hub is garbage.
Works but I’m not sure it was new The SmartThings hub works as it should no issues. I went 4 star because it looked like the box it came in had previously been opened and the actual hub had a scuf in an area that makes me think it had previously been used.
Too much work You need one app to use it, now it’s a different app, but you can’t use the same account. Want to sign up for a new app and new account? Good luck with some crazy password policy with a billion rules , these things are supposed to make your life easier , to create more work to just use it
Doesn’t work Firsrly, I cannot believe Amazon recommended this for the Schlage. I got the lock to connect but all it does in the basic lock and unlock feature, and does not work remotely. Then I found out that I needed to download the “classic” SmartThings app to have all those features available. Lies! At this time I was going back and forth with customer support. I really wanted this to work. Finally I just returned it and bought a Wink (1) for $29. Connection was easy. Just keep it away from the router and move the hub around if you have issues connecting.
One Star cant seem to work it, not happy
Works as described Works as described
Doesn’t work Unit doesn’t work when shipped.
Could not connect it to SmartThings App...5 days of trial ...no use! When the App tries to connect you to US Samsung Server it redirect to European Server automatically and as a user you have no influence! I got this hub from Amazon US, naturally I would expect that I will be connected to US server, I tried many things but all my efforts (including reaching out to US help desk chat support, to trying to register my hub in US server, to IDE.samsung portal, to changing port forwarding in my local LAN, to factory resetting the Hub, etc.. all in vein...) I live in Dubai - UAE and my advise to all in Dubai is to stay away from this Hub until Samsung put some sense in their software design of such lovely -supposed to be- device!
Five Stars Excellent product!
Poor technology, poor apps The apps don't work, and this thing is so buggy and terrible. Won't connect to my Shlage door lock.
Awful Dont waste your moneyHad this thing for 2 plus yearsSoftware is all messed upCustomer service is great if you want to wait on phone for 2 to 3 hrsIevery ugrade and change is full of bugsGet a manual timer at lowesThis thing stinksMark
Does not pair with GE Z-Wave outlet At least the hub showed up in the Samsung iOS app, that was not a problem. But it did not pair with the GE Z-Wave Outdoor outlet. Despite many attempts over two days. I have no idea if the issue was the hub or the GE outlet, but the Samsung troubleshooting guide did not resolve this for me, and of course no 800 number to call on the weekends. So only two stars for you Samsung. I have two TP-Link outlets that DONT require a hub and they work perfectly with Alexa so I'll stick with TP-Link.
Expect Problems Junk. Lots of problems. Poor support.Updates all the time. You buy the switches, alarms and sensors, then hub fails to work.
Didn't set up properly at first but great when it did Great device although I had some issues setting it up, it finally worked and has been great since.
Very few faults This has been the best smart hub that I've owned. I don't have a whole lot of compatible devices yet but it works perfectly with my ecobee thermostats and it's pretty cool that I can set the kids samsung smart tv to shut off an hour after dusk.Last night the hub was offline for a few minutes over the time that it was supposed to lock up the house so it didn't and I didn't even get a notification. I had to run the process manually after it came back online so I was a bit disappointed that I couldn't find an option to make it try again if it failed or at least notify me but that's the only fault that I have come across yet.
Not compatable! I purchased this together with the Schlage Connect deadbolt. I thought the Amazon god's knew what I needed. They did not! Read up on this Hub. There's actually very few products this thing can work. It must be a dinosaur or something. I know little about this part of technology so I relied upon their recommendations. Nope, they don't know either. Love my lock. Returned this hub.
DONT BUY : used items for new prices I bought it as a new item, but I found it is a used item. Not to mention everything is opened, even the battery is already put inside the hub.
Great Product for smart home Great product, work as defined in description
A Keeper A great product! I switched over from an insteon system, and although changing out the components was pricey, it was well worth it. Much, much more functionality and options, and it plays well with other technologies. I found GE Z-wave switches and components work very well.
Four Stars works well enough.
Unreliable Continuously looses communication/programming with connected wireless devices. Have to reprogram settings and scenes. Not reliable and frustrating to deal with.
Welcome code not responding, support not responding aside from one email telling me it may be a wrong region device. Welcome code not responding, support not responding aside from one email telling me it may be a wrong region device. I will gladly update if this changes soon. Right now the hub just sits there, with a perfect green light and no way to connect to it
Four Stars Thank You!
One Star Can't get it to work with Alexa. :(
Five Stars Product received as described.
New app creates paperweight Classic app worked ... new app won’t “pair” with anything... pretty paper weight
DO NOT BUY THIS HUB IT DOES NOT WORK WHEN YOU ARE NOT HOME This was the biggest disappointment and struggle I have ever had. First instructions tell you to download one app, but you need another. then the item is somewhat hard to get started; But the worst of it was NOT having access to anything once I left home. That right this item was suppose to give me access to all my devices, but they all showed as "Disconnected" Then when I called customer service to assist me with what I may have done incorrectly or how to fix this issue, after over 45 min waiting the rep simply stated in there own words "There is nothing I can so since the device now is connected. (I was home, so of course it was connected). No other assistance or help like trying to figure out why it happened or what could have caused it. Horrible customer service and a BAD investment on this device. I suggest you get another brand or type to avoid all these issues and problems. Will NOT be keeping this Hub, its a piece of CRAP!
Thumbs down Did not have just lock code management for the Schlage Connect. Howeverr the Wink does.. They need to update their app.
Pretty good, needs improvement. Likes to "lose" connectivity occasionally, but seems to work pretty good. Having some problem with my "leak" detectors keeping connection too much.
Perfect Perfect as advertised
Kicked The unit has come kicked, but work fine.
Worked great, at first Worked great, at first. I loved it, integrated it Alexa, and started adding more smart switches and devices. Worked smoothly and easily... for three months.Then Samsung pushes an app update, causing it to lose my hub and all the devices attached. I didn't notice until I kept asking Alexa to turn on lights, and her polite response was basically "I don't know what the hell you're talking about"....So I figure I'll have to re-link the hub and all devices to the app (oddly enough there are now two SmartThings apps on my phone, thanks Samsung...). It will be a pain, and take a lot of time, but what choice do I have? I currently have white brick connected to my network.So I start to go through that process, only to find out I need a code that was on small piece of paper. From three months ago. Which I can't find... (I know, I should have taped the code to the hub itself. Or maybe Samsung should put the code directly on the hub instead of small, easily losable piece of paper.)So now I have no working hub and no smart home. I can search through papers hoping to find the code, or wait for customer service to finally respond. Or I could call customers service, which is conveniently available during the hours most people are working. Either way, I give this device two stars for the three full months it worked.UPDATE: The support on Samsung's website will tell you that the welcome code is on the included card, and if you don't have it you need to contact support. I did some searching and found out the welcome code is in some cases also printed in the battery compartment. So I got my hub back online and tried to reconnect all my devices. But now for some reason it will only connect to Samsung brand devices, and despite numerous attempts will not find any of my Leviton or GE switches.UPDATE2: Still haven't heard back from Samsung Customer Service, but I finally managed to get it working again. I had to go into exclusion mode and manually go to each device and remove it. Once they were removed then the app would find them again when searching. I'll up the review to three stars, because when it's working it's great. Unfortunately the possibility of losing all my devices again worries me.UPDATE3: It worked again for about a week, then today I got the notifications that my hub wend offline, then came back online. And now all of my devices are disconnected again. I really wanted to like this hub, but I really don't like constantly reconnecting every smart device in my home. The reliability just isn't there...
Very easy to set up Works as expected. Very easy to set up.
This is the worst experience for my life for an app After Samsung took over the SmartThing and force the new login rule caused the chaos to our family. We have three people share a login to control those Z-wave switches at home. Now only one of us can use his cell phone to perform the control. This is the worst experience for my life for an app!!!
Five Stars Love It!
I put it on my door for about 1 month ... I put it on my door for about 1 month. It starts drop to the ground. It's not sticky at all and broken at last. Don't buy this.
Hub works, but it barely does any local processing ... Hub works, but it barely does any local processing. Everything is done in the cloud which means you can't have reliable or fast automations. Mainly used to change A/C temp now.
Five Stars ITems as described. Very fast shipping.
This product “really” does not work with their own TV despite the advertising Buyer Beware.. I did a lot of research regarding compatibility with my Samsung 7 tv. This product does not “really” work with a Samsung 7 tv and apparently most other Samsung TV’s currently.... despite both being Samsung products. I was able to turn my tv off but could not turn it on or change the channels. So .. I spent a lot of time with Samsung and SmartThings support and was surprised by what I learned.. According to their own support, it turns out that after Samsung bought SmartThings, they upgraded the protocols and firmware of the SmartThings hub. Bottom line.... it will turn the tv off... and that is it.. until they fix the firmware. I own a lot of Samsung products and am very disappointed in Samsung.
Garbage. Threw most of my smarttthings devices in the trash. If you are expecting to use this for home security this is not a good solution. Devices consistently disconnect, give false states and the only devices that work maybe 70% or more of the time are cheap monoprice items. The samsung sensors, key fobs and hub have all failed me. Last week my hub completely removed itself from my app and IDE. I set the alarm off and had no way to turn it off until the batteries ran out. now I have to manually re-add the 20-30 devices and of coarse every zwave device has a different way of connecting ..so this one item you might have to hold a button for 5 seconds and press it again. Another device you need to flip the light switch in some goofy pattern. And of coarse the door sensors that make you do the hokie pokie to get it to pair. This system will fail you. If you get it anyways I hope you remember this review and how I told you so.
No connection issues for my 1500 sqft house I was nervous about buying this because of all the mixed reviews, but I decided to try it as a home security system.So far, this thing has outperformed my expectations. The app is clean and fast, even on my laggy phone. All the devices paired quickly and the app registers status changes almost instantly.I bought some grounded smart outlets and bulbs to make a stronger network for the hub, but I don't think they're even necessary for my 1500 sqft house.I'll update if anything changes, but so far setting it up was easier and took less time than installing my Wi-Fi router.
Spyware Requires the Samsung smarthome app to work. However that app requires access to your location, contacts, record audio, and pictures/media to even load.I consider this $100 down the drain.
I cannot believe that they would allow deleting the location to pretty much make this hub into a brick I am so upset with this hub. I accidentally deleted the location on my hub and deleted the hub. I have reset the hub, reset all 6 of my locks and they will not reintegrate. I have tried z wave exclusion. I have tried resetting the hub again. I cannot believe that they would allow deleting the location to pretty much make this hub into a brick. I bought a new hub and the locks are refusing to communicate with the new hub too because I think that despite the resets with the yale, schlage, and kwikset locks, they are still looking for the old hub. Samsung customer support has you waiting for hours and hours on hold. I have the locks sitting next to the hub when I try to reintegrate them. I cannot tell you how ridiculous this entire situation is. I bought 6 smart locks and none of them want to reintegrate despite all of my attempts. I have seen other similar negative reviews.
It's Solid, but not as good as the Wink Hub I have a Wink hub and some other lesser hubs. This has some pros and cons. It hooks up to a lot of Samsung products and it supports a decent list, but I would have to say it only supports about half what Wink supports.Where it wins is that it can have a battery in it and run without power for a very long time. I tested this for about 1 hour on 1 AA battery. It turned out to be a great tester when I was trying to locate Cat6 plugs in the house.It also supports connectivity to outside programming from places like Github to interconnect with some cool things (IE Konnected.io alarm system for your old wired alarm).While these 2 wins are great I still felt very limited compared to Wink and Wink's App.
Five Stars Great Item. Easy to set up. Very happy with it.
Expired device Unable to register theough samsung says over 3 yrs old. I just bought it
I was extremely excited about this product. But this ... I was extremely excited about this product. But this device doesn't work with existing AT&T Digital, Doesn't work with Apple products. Wasn't able to connect any of my devices. Called Customer Service, they failed to assist as well. Returned this product.
GREAT for controlling items when you are not home! INCREDIBLY useful item I got to go with my 1st Generation Echo but then Amazon's new Echo has the hub built in. This hub goes with EVERYTHING on the market it seems. While I sometimes lament I might have saved money had I bought the new Echo (which came out abot a year after I bought mine) I can operate things remotely with my smart phone with this hub which I have found INCREDIBLY handy when I am not home and I am unsure if the new Echo will allow that.
Works great!! Love this product Works great!! Love this product!
Easy to set up Easy to install and connect to everything. I have my front lock and all my light connected to Alexa via SmartThings now
I was really excited to set up my smart home with this Hub but felt disappointed once I ... Didn't work as expected. I was really excited to set up my smart home with this Hub but felt disappointed once I realized the Smart things Hub was not working as expected. When I set up the Hub it would not work properly with some TV functions, It would only turn off the TV but it could not turn it back on, change any channels, or turn the volume up/down. I got in contact with Samsung Smart things Customer Service and was told that currently there was a broken integration with their system that only allowed for the Hub to turn off the TV, any other functions would not work. I am really disappointed with this product seeing as though they are selling it without letting the consumer know that there is a big issue with their system. If I would've known about this issue I would not have bought it in the first place.
Unfortunately, I must rate the Samsung SmartThings hub v2 ... Unfortunately, I must rate the Samsung SmartThings hub v2 as a 1 star product:1. This is not a hub to connect home automation devices together. Instead, this is a cloud device that connects your home automation system to Samsung's "cloud", and it will not function without cloud connectivity.2. Even if your home wifi network is functional, the Samsung SmartThings hub will not allow home automation. If you configure a flood sensor to turn off a valve, this will stop working as soon as your home loses internet connectivity.3. There is virtually no way to configure the SmartThings hub without an Android or IOS device running the Samsung SmartThings App. PC control and configuration is not supported. The Android App requires permission to access every aspect of your android device - contacts, camera, storage - everything.4. The Android APP is not feature complete and will not allow itself to be uninstalled.Unfortunately - for the reasons listed above, I am returning this product and will be seeking an alternative.
Sucks This item didn't work. CS was a nightmare. Installation instructions are sketchy at best. I even had my TV/hardware guy look at it. He could not get it to hook up to internet. Do not buy this item.
False alerts, very unreliable I've had this for over 2 years. This thing has so many false alerts for my door and motion sensors. I get several a day to the point I just ignore it now. I wasted so much money on this.
Powerful little box!!!! I have around ... Powerful little box!!!! I have around 5 dozen 'Smart' devices up and running in my home. This little Box runs my entire house without any problems.
Unable to set up... app hung up ... Unable to set up...app hung up when initializing the hub and was unable to connect (solid green light displayed). Tried all the troubleshooting I could find online, as Samsung's own troubleshooting section is abysmal, bordering on non-existent.I'm returning this and buying a Wink instead.
Warning....smart home is addicting!!! This is a great smart home hub. It is true - it is not for the fait at heart. I'm pretty tech savy, so its been ok. But there are moments of frustration, for sure. However, that is because it is so versatile and has so many options!! Although I haven't tried other smart home hubs, based on what I read, the others tend to be more basic. Thus, I am happy with my choice. For what its worth, I have used only ZWave thus far - 5 smart light switches, 2 motion detectors, and a smart plug. And I have it all integrated with Alexa (however, since it is all automated, I really don't use Alexa very often). Warning though....this smart home stuff is addicting!!
Smart Home easy to setup Easy to set up and link with Echo dot and Halo smart LED lights. Loving the feature to voice control lights color and intensity in any part of the home. Smarthub auto updates with latest SW versions which is great and SmartThings app is easy to use. Love it.
Only partially compatable with ECHO - waste of time and $$$. The half baked new app could not add a switch. Had to install the old app. No PC app you have to use your phone. Switch in Smartthings cannot be added to ECHO. Cloud based control...Don't buy anything for home automation with Smartthings unless you make sure it is listed as compatible with Smartthings by Samsung.Don't buy anything for home automation with Smartthings and ECHO unless you make sure it is listed with Smartthings and ECHO. What a pain.Getting a UL listed name brand z-wave switch does not mean it will work with Smartthings. Even less works with ECHO.
Use the Classic Version of the iPhone App Here is a story that has a sad start and happy ending. I couldn’t get my inovelli NZW30 switches to pair and everything else was difficult to pair. There were two issues. My router as unstable and was new to Z-wave and the SmartThings hub. I started with the new version of the iPhone app not realizing it was only a few months old and was a total redo of the app.In the end I canned my original setup with the new version of the SmartThings app. The software security won’t let you run a new version and classic version on the same device. The registration is a one-shot deal. You have to do a reset to get the classic app working.The new version is no good right now. It does not support auto pairing for all intents and purposes. this is important because only a fraction of the available devices are listed in the menu.I messed up the reset some by not de-pairing the devices in the app prior to resetting it. If you have to backout from the SmartThings app realize it’s best to do an online delete of each device then do the hub reset. Also, a local reset can be required. Without going into the details, I managed to de-paired them using the new version that had luckily been installed on another Apple device.I have to give a shout out to inovelli. I couldn’t get their NZW30 switches to pair even after I reset everything else. When I emailed them, the founder answered back in less than two hours. They gave me some helpful advice and sent me a new NZW30 tested switch within two days which paired like a champ.The main take away is, use the Classic App until they get the new version working.
Make sure this works with your devices before buying This product does not work with older thermostats and light switches. Make sure this works with your devices before buying. When they update firmware your older products may stop working.
Four Stars grey product. Doesn't work without internet
Keeping my fingers crossed that nothing like that happens again Lost the power to my condo in a storm. When the power came back on the wi-fi reconnected but my Hub stayed offline for weeks. After several back and forth conversations with tech support and multiple reboots I was able to get it working. Keeping my fingers crossed that nothing like that happens again.
Mostly pretty happy with this device Mostly pretty happy with this device. Possibly the most compatible hub on the market; I've only come across on device that I can't connect with it - and that is the Aeotec G5 recessed door sensors. Everything else (20+ different kinds of Z-Wave devices) connects quickly and simply. Those that disconnect with any regularity are all from Aeotec, so I'm feeling confident that is not the Hub's fault. Every other product I have stays connected. Otherwise, this is simple to set up and administer, and runs cool and quietly without issue.
once it's set up it works great and seems to play nicely with all my other ... Not sure why there are two apps. Or which app I'm supposed to use. Or why I had to factory reset the device to clear a message that my unit was already registered to another account (new in box, definitely wasn't used previously).Oh well it's Samsung, I never expect their stuff to be particularly intuitive.All that said, once it's set up it works great and seems to play nicely with all my other toys.
Arrived broken, couldn't connect to the hub. Arrived broken, couldn't connect to the hub.
Consistently inconsistent Absolutely do not buy this product. I'd sooner leave a lit candle in my window than expect the hub to work consistently enough to turn my lights on. I have a lot of money invested in home automation. My hub sits at the center of it and it fails constantly. It forgets the connected appliances consistently and it's almost impossible to get it to easily re-recognize anything. SUPER bummer.
Not too smart out of the box I would totally return this thing on principle if my 30 day return window hadn't closed. It connects to WiFi naively. The app says I need to enable Bluetooth on my phone to setup the hub. Yet it requires an Ethernet connection to setup. That's just really.........dumb for a supposedly smart device that wants to be the center of my smart home. There's no reason in the world this thing should not be able to talk to my phone wirelessly and allow me to give it my wifi settings and then be off to the races. Just like I can do with every other smart device setup in my home. Gave it an extra star because I haven't actually used it yet, but my expectations have been lowered. I will adjust accordingly later.
Five Stars Works just fine with five smart devices so far.
One Star I purchased this controller because it said it worked with a Windows computer. It does not.
You can program your own handlers! <3 You won't regret it.
Dumbthings would be a more appropriate name I bought a Smartthings hub, thinking it was an upgrade from my Vera hub. I could not have been more wrong. Virtually every ZWAVE or LAN device I connected or tried to connect was an abject failure:GE Wink bulb, a very common ZWAVE product? Unsupported. Not in the list.AEON home energy monitor? Not in the list.AEON motion detectors? It managed to add them, but aside from room temp, they didn't work. No motion sensing. I tried to add a scene to turn on a light when they sensed motion? Impossible.GE ZWAVE wall switches? It added the first one. The one next to it I tried to add like 20 times. It didn't find it, even though it powered the lights so it was definitely on. Many forum users said the same - a nightmare to add.Bryant LAN Thermostat? Also not on the list. No support.Oh and AV support? Let's see, my Onyko NR626? No. Yamaha RX LAN receivers? No. In fact, NO receivers are supported!! Washing machines and ovens- some. Receivers, none. Really, Samsung? How many homes have their ovens on the LAN? Like NONE! Receivers- lots of homes. In fact if you bought a receiver in the past decade its probably on the LAN.I expected the VERA to be like a hobbyist hub - hard to use, and for tekkies. And I expected the Smartthings with a company worth billions behind it to be rock solid and support common products. I had it exactly backwards. The Samsung is targeted at Samsung products like Fridges and washing machines. Which no one has on his or her LAN.Today I shut off the Dumbthings , and plugged the Vera back in. I plan to reset the dumb things and sell it for a huge loss. Money well spent on the lesson I learned about corporate ZWAVE projects.Oh and the ap? It has like zero config options. ANd the web interface? It said I had no hub at all (even though the AP said I did, and I signed in with the same ID). DUMB DUMB DUMB. How could the phone ap associate my hub to my email, and the web ap no? This is worse than bad.That was like 8 hours I'll never get back. They should package this hub with their Washers and Ovens, and not offer them to consumers with a plethora of non-Samsung ZWAVE devices, like most of us.I have several TECH masters' degrees, and own/review many tech products. Usually, I rave about how great they are. In this case, I wish I'd never trusted a corporate solution. What a disappointment.Wanna buy a hub?
Great quality and easy to use. Got this December 2017 and have not had any problems with it. Have thermostat, smoke/CO detectors, lights, water leak sensor, door sensor, main water shut off valve, Monoprice motion sensor, etc. Purchase when items on sale, but even then they add up. Everything works. Alexa voice integration with echo dots, Amazon Fire Tablets, Alexa remotes, Alexa Android.
Five Stars Perfect and the best price
Very unreliable Very unreliable, keeps going offline with no reason. It's a big deal if you have most of your house connected to it, and all of a sudden nothing is working. In a recent incident, the hub got deleted from my account because of a bug on their end, and non of my devices are listed or functioning. It feels like there's no QA on new versions they release, and no accountability.
So far so good. Its connecting fine to devices and no issues ... So far so good. Its connecting fine to devices and no issues with drops.
VERY DISSAPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT Bought this so I could use it with my touchscreen lock and control it with my phone it works fine for that. When I tried to add my wife's phone in, I can't get it to work with her phone. Very confusing instructions. Not user friendly. Now we just use the keypad on the lock or we use the key. I didn't make our home smart like it promised. It turns on and off some special light bulbs that I bought but that's not what I got it for. I am pretty tech savy and can usually get stuff like this to work but this thing is hit and miss they tell you if it doesn't pair with something then try again. I feel like it's the definition of insanity: keep trying the same thing expecting a different result. I have tried at least 20 times to get my wife's phone in the system, it just doesn't work she has the same phone I do an S8 plus.The bottom line is if you are single and don't have family or friends that you want to have access to your system. Then it works fine otherwise don't waste your money. UPDATE: now it loses it connection to my router on a daily basis. I can't return it. It lasted 2 months. It a real piece of garbage. Basically a brick. Not buying Samsung products anymore.VERY DISSAPOINTED
Love it I initially bought this from the recommendation of a family member to create a home security system. I have purchased window/door sensors, a Dome siren, and numerous other accessories to help secure my home. I get notifications when doors open, I can create rountines/automations for lights, locks, and more. I have a had a lot of fun learning about Smartthings.
Must buy! Love the hub. Easy to setup!
Waste of money This thing is basically useless. It simply doesn't work with most things that have bluetooth or wifi, and it's terribly unreliable. Don't waste your money.
One Star Bought a washer and dryer that this was supposed to work with, didn't work at all. Save your money.
Four Stars Works great
Outdated so there is not support nor a manuel online ... Outdated so there is not support nor a manuel online at Samsung. Would have not ordered if knew it was outdated.
easy to setup good & fun
Crap, won’t stay connected Crap, won’t stay connected, loses connection with sensors if it ever does come back online. I will not trust my home to this.
Th HUB I think this is "the Hub" if you want to have a Smart Home. Good community, a lot of forums and hundreds of folks programming new stuff everyday. As IOT evolves I hope Samsung continues to invest and support this product. Installation was easy and adding things as well. I am learning and enjoying a lot.
Works great. Very happy with the integration with Github and ... Works great. Very happy with the integration with Github and all the drivers and apps that are available via that community.
When I first bought it the hub and devices worked pretty flawlessly. After a few months all of the ... Extremely unreliable. When I first bought it the hub and devices worked pretty flawlessly. After a few months all of the sudden devices started dropping off. After several calls to customer service they kept saying that the devices were too far away, but I hadn’t moved anything and they used to work well. Now I’m constantly trying to reconnect devices and failing. I’ve stopped buying anymore devices until i figure out an alternative.
so my configurations are just fine (with stock features) but sometimes the lights will work ... Very flexible product but highly unreliable. I know how to write custom Groovy apps and device handlers, so my configurations are just fine (with stock features) but sometimes the lights will work sometimes not. Sometimes it'll trigger a contact based intrusion alert in the middle of the night and freak us out for no good reason (all doors were closed and secure). Sometimes it'll talk to alexa, sometimes not (okay maybe it's alexa's fault too). Sometimes it'll lose a motion sensor (stop communicating) that is 10 ft from the base and not add it back in.If you are looking for a REALLY FUN TOY with near infinite customizability but poor UX and reliability you may have found the right device! I love tinkering, but I was looking for a rock-solid solution to manage everything...and this is far from it!
Good product Good product, good service, fast delivery, recommend
I used to have the Wink2 but replaced for the SmartThings and i like it a lot Seems to be the most compatible hub out there.I used to have the Wink2 but replaced for the SmartThings and i like it a lot.I tried to use the Automation options to fully control my AC thermostat but wasn't very reliable, so i only use it to override standard schedule.
Z-Wave radio failed in both original and warranty replacement...going to try Wink Hub 2 There have always been nuances that I didn't like, starting from the user interface for setting the thermostat (it was a slider, and VERY difficult to hit the target temperature...that has since been fixed). What I absolutely can't live with is the fact that the Z-Wave radio has failed twice...first in the original purchase, then a year later in the warranty replacement.Having even a handful of devices makes having to re-pair a problem, but when your whole house is automated, it is absolutely unacceptable. I've decided to give Wink Hub 2 a try.
Home Automation is a hobby for the technically inclined. This is more of a problem with poorly documented devices, but I've been consistently disappointed by compatibility and ease of use.Home Automation is *not* a set-it and forget-it thing. I've been consistently disappointed to discover that many devices offer bare-bones functionality out of the box, and many require custom code to work as expected. Home automation is cool, but it's not as reliable as an old fashioned light switch.
Have tried using for over a year now. Still ... Have tried using for over a year now. Still have ZWave devices drop out over time. Have been in contact with support about once a month over last year. Now it takes them multiple weeks to answer requests. They always want to start over. I spend hours resetting ZWave devices and it works for a couple of weeks and then they start dropping again. The app also still needs a lot of work.
this is awesome. Not so great for appliances because there aren't ... Wish it worked with more things - otherwise, this is awesome. Not so great for appliances because there aren't many out there - but for lighting and other things, awesome.
Piece of garbage. Loses connection all the time and has to ... Piece of garbage. Loses connection all the time and has to constantly be reset.
Plug & Play, and then... I must preface this by stating I first entered the world of Z-Wave with a Aeotec Z-Stick, using it with an older laptop, and trying various software suites (Openhab[2], HomeAssistant, Etc.). After months of off-and-on play, primarily with Openhab, I was tempted to try SmartThings as it promised a plug-and-play nature and seemed to support everything I wanted with their custom (though very confusing) development environment.Unfortunately, from the get-go, SmartThings was causing trouble. It had about half the range we had enjoyed with our Z-Stick, and thus, even with the mesh network throughout our house, couldn't reach certain nodes. Because SmartThings plugs directly into the gateway/router (no WiFi support), it has to be near your gateway, and hence, placement is very restricted... in our case, we could only relocate it to one other area, but it threw everything else out-of-whack.Looking past that, ignoring a few unreachable nodes, the interface was very...disappointing. SmartThings is designed to run in the cloud on their proprietary platform, and they only (presently) provide an app to interface with the device. Because everything is cloud-based, it requires always-available internet at your house, and has a significant delay in requests to turn things on/off. The delay alone was enough to make us think twice, but the internet requirement (even for programatic timers) was just too much after being spoiled by full local control with the Z-Stick.Developer-wise, they've seemingly hacked on support to write custom scripts via a web interface, but it's far too tedious to bother with for me. In the end, I just couldn't get over the cloud-based proprietary nature of their device, so we ended up sending it back.We presently use the Z-Stick with HomeAssistant, which is pretty intuitive and entirely under local control. We have a pretty web and mobile interface (responsive design), and have it proxied through so we can access it outside of our house.In the end, if you're ok with cloud-based proprietary control for your devices, SmartThings may be for you. If you're one who likes to be in control, and are comfortable with things like shell scripting, I'd recommend a Aeotec Z-Stick Gen5 coupled with an always-on computer at your house, or a Raspberry Pi, etc..
Two Stars This thing loses connection atleast once per day.
An Inexpensive Starting Point for Home Automation The Samsung SmartThings Smart Home Hub is a great idea and comes at a great price. However, I found it overly cumbersome to get up and running. The instructions could be more clear but after slogging away for a few hours (yes hours) it magically started working. It auto-connected most supported devices which was nice. One item I really wanted to connect was my ecobee 3 thermostat. It connected effortlessly and now let's me change furnace/AC operations by voice. Great idea. The devices that had to be manually connected again were more cumbersome to connect than i expected, but connect they did. I think this is a good way to get started with a smart house. The device is small and inexpensive but can integrate a lot of items. This is a good way to wade into the possibilities of a smart home.I might come to like it more with more use; hard to tell.
garbage plain and simple garbage plain and simple. The z wave technology this uses to communicate with connected devices does not penetrate walls. Therefore anything connected to your smart home device that is not close by will not work. Wish I could still return this.
The issue feels very much like a bad serve update This is far from a user-friendly device, after 3 months of use, the hub is simply gone from my app, and I can't get my device back from the app nor from their API portal. I'm currently contacting their support team for help.The issue feels very much like a bad serve update. This whole product feels like a tech demo. I found serveral cases that I have to log into their developer portal to debug the device issue, imagine if this is used by a non-developer user.
Product not connecting to app, support not of much use I have updated the review form 1 to 3 stars as I managed to connect the hub eventually. Before returning the product I decided to try creating a new account and the hub connected. It turns out I created my Samsung account while i lived in Saudi and the hub is not supported there. IT's three stars because the apps suck. Confusingly there are two apps, the old one and the new one. The new one is half baked, it does not offer all possibilities of the classic app.
Five Stars good thing
If you know a little about technology expect to feel like you know nothing Not friendly at all.....If you know nothing about technology don't buy this. If you know a little about technology expect to feel like you know nothing....Tedious to setup! I haven't given up on it yet but there is only so much time I will spend on something that is supposed to make things easier.
Three Stars This keeps going offline despite a stable internet connection.
Very happy with it Has been working for months, as described. Very happy with it.
Five Stars Great!!
but it seems like every time it updates which is often it screws ... I got this thing for one purpose, I had bought some lights to go in my ceiling light and wanted to control them. it worked, but it seems like every time it updates which is often it screws up what it had learned and you have to teach it devices etc all over again. as I said this thing updates A LOT. so for that and the fact they haven't figured out how to update without wasting my time every time I give it 3 stars.
Works great! Haven’t had any issues! Works great!
Samsung Will NOT work with a NEST Thermostat I have mixed views regarding the human interface software. First, I cannot figure out (after viewing the 3rd party instructions and since Samsung officially does not support the NEST thermostat) how to integrate this software with my thermostat. Also, the "automatons" allow one to turn on a light based upon sundown BUT there is no way to automatically turn off the light at a random time after it turns on??? I went back to the WeMo software.
Buy at own risk When it works, it is great. It consistently loses control of some devices, then I had to delete and re-add. When I started adding I only got up to 18 items before I started noticing the problem (Door sensor, Smoke detector, Door keypad, Thermostat, Camera, 13 Lights). Over the last year, I have stopped bothering to delete and re-add to the point where now about 40% of the items no longer work on a program. Once the last of the items looses the program, the "Smart"Things Hub will be deleted. I owned it for approximately 2 years.
SmartThings covered a wide range of wireless devices, I ... SmartThings covered a wide range of wireless devices, I was able to replace my other hubs and not replacing my devices. One hub vs 3 works for me every time! Also, SmartThings work with Alexa, so I can use voice commands to control my devices.
... to pair with Schlage Connect lock and was quite disappointed. Pairing was not too bad Wanted to pair with Schlage Connect lock and was quite disappointed.Pairing was not too bad, but it only has Basic functionality for Schlage Connect. Just open and close. Anything else, too many hoops to jump through. If you are not technical, or just don't have the time to figure it out, don't use it.Ended up getting the Wink Hub 2 and what a difference! The app is far superior. I instantly created user codes and alerts. User experience and usability of the Wink app is much better.
Easy way to add home automation The hub has been very reliable for me and generally very easy to use. I've had some issues with responsiveness of virtual switches but I would still recommend this hub to anyone looking to add relatively easy home automation. You'll likely have to do a little research now and then if you want to disassociate a sensor or add a non-natively supported device.
After trying to setup this product with no success for ... After trying to setup this product with no success for hours, I finally give up. I am very tech-savvy, but I simply couldn't get this hub to work across all my devices. I got sick of waiting on hold with Samsung tech support. This thing was supposed to make my life easier but it just frustrated the hell out of me.
Five Stars Works great
Five Stars I should not have to write anything.
works ok but online only Its good
Not Reliable If you just want to tinker constantly this may be for you. But it is, by no means, a solid reliable device. I set up a few switches and devices. It has failed over and over. I have come home to from vacation to find it froze. I had multiple Leviton switches fail out of the blue. When I emailed support, 3 days later I get “everything looks OK”. They didn’t look back through logs. They didn’t offer any further explanation. DO NOT use this for security related systems. I didn’t even mention the login problems. There are 2 separate logins, 1 SmartThings, 1 Samsung. More often than not you will get messed up by logging into the wrong system. Just amateur. Forced updates with a few hours notice. I could go on. Stay away.
Works great! Works great, was a little nervous based on previous reviews, but no problem.
Not so Smart! Not so Smart....half of the devices are unreachable. Bad user interface.
b'NOT WORTH IT; software is utter crap; service is hard to find and unresponsive Setup was a pain. Documentation is confusing. Worked for a while, then after a power outage the following happened:1) app asked to relogin2) login fails because of "network or server error"3) try to find the right Samsung Smartthings web-page with login (I found two); I can login into both of these useless sites (that let me buy more hardware and register my hardware)4) I get an email two hours later saying I logged in from Safari (iPhone), if it wasn\'t me change my password. ?? I attempted, but didn\'t succeed. Whatever.5) Follow the link in the login notice email to a site called "account.samsung.com"6) try to login to the device homepage, here\'s what I get:Error Message [500]Sorry, an error occurred while processing the page you requested.Please try again later.\xe2\x80\xbb IAMGCPrd_1526579734851_99999-7696498685.9997) can\'t find a place to call; can\'t login to my account; can\'t see what my devices are doing; already an hour into this adventureWorthless. Open to recommendations for alternatives as I am willing to chuck this junk hub and the "samsung experience" and start over.'
It works as it should. Supports Schlage Connect lock perfectly This device supports my Schlage lock and it does it well. Samsung regularly updates the firmware without my involvement. So far, so good!
Samsung support dismal, "new" app dismal, Classic app gets a C+ First the good news, the hub is up and running and controlling my Schlage Connect Smart Lock.The bad news - total disappointment in Samsung support and in the actual capabilities of the SmartThings app to control the lock. Samsung prompts new users to install their "new" app. After much confusion and time wasted I learn I need the "Classic" app to control the Smart Lock. Installation and setup should have taken maybe 10 minutes, ended up taking 3 hours.The installation process - which should be very easy - was complicated because I kept getting an error "Device already exists" when trying to add the hub to the SmartThings app. This was at 7:00 pm PDT on a weeknight. The Samsung website says customer service hours go until 12 am EST so I gave them a call. after drilling through their menu, I got a message saying they were closed. I tried the option of "Live Chat", but that turns out to be a "bot" that doesn't deal with the SmartThings product. Trying to find troubleshooting or manuals on the website was a total fail. Finally, after a lot of web searching I found a page showing how to do a factory reset. This fixed the problem and I was able to use the provided Welcome Code. I never would have found this page by navigating the Samsung website, only by searching the web for the particular error message (and even then not so easy).I had, as instructed, installed the "new" SmartThings app, which is completely useless. It could tell me whether the door was locked or not, but it would not let me lock or unlock the door within the app, much less program door codes.So installed the Classic app (again, after much web-scouring trying to figure out what could be wrong). Classic has a better interface. Still doesn't allow you to add/delete codes. For that you need another plug-in, SmartLocks. Not that smart though, because you can't put expirations/schedules on codes. For that you need to get a developer app. I don't know how to do that because I quit there and figured I'll live with this. Another BIG issue: after you set the code for a certain person, the app will no longer display what that code is anymore! So if I forget what code I assigned to Suzie then i have to delete it and make a new one. Do I really have to write down the user codes and keep them somewhere??? Instead of store them in the app???My Smart Lock is on a vacation rental. I want to set codes that last for each person's individual stay, plus permanent codes for housekeeper, myself, etc, plus one-time codes for plumber, painter, etc when work is being done. It doesn't seem that complex! I wonder if I would have gone with Vera or another hub if this capability would have been included.I can't speak to any of the other Smart Home device management as I just have the lock.
After playing around with the software I realized it would connect to a lot of our other home automation devices like Philips Hue Originally we bought the SmartThings hub for a security system with multi-purpose sensors and a siren. After playing around with the software I realized it would connect to a lot of our other home automation devices like Philips Hue. Because of the Samsung Artik Cloud platform technology it also connects to those devices like our Legrand lighting. Legrand-On-Q LC7001 Lighting Controller Whole House, Black. There is a Samsung Developer site where you can easily create "SmartApps", so we wrote one to send a text message and flash our Hue lights when the door was left open for longer than a minute. Overall there seems to be a lot you can do with the system. Smart Home: Digital Assistants, Home Automation, and the Internet of Things
One Star Hub MUST be cord connected to network. No wifi radio in it. Game over.
Recommend getting the extender with this as it has to ... Recommend getting the extender with this as it has to be near the internet box, so won't reach more distant locations due to obstructions.
Five Stars No problems as of today
Terrible performance in larger home No wireless capability, needs to be within 6' of device to pair, drops connection to devices. Replaced with a Vera Plus (which has it's own issues but is better).
Goes offline sometimes for no reason, especially when I'm ... Goes offline sometimes for no reason, especially when I'm not at the house. Weird. It's not updating that i know of, just shuts down.
Five Stars love it works great
Works perfect with a lot of things Just bought a house so trying to automate a few things. This hub is the brain for most of the things ill be using. Works perfect with a lot of things.
Pain to Upgrade Upgrading requires fully removing everything and deleting all data which requires reaching out to customer service.
At first it was great At first this was great. It works well, and is easy to setup.The software is easy to navigate, and has options for developers to create their own interfaces for any device they want.But sadly it feels as if Samsung has given up on this and the application. They have not released a new version of hardware in years, and the device support has not added any new hardware in over a year. They still do not have official nest support.They have added basic automation options other hubs have now mainly focused around colors.They are also trying to convert people to use their new smart connect application, which has even less device support, and a less advanced automation system which limits what you can do with automations.I am not sure if samsung has given up on home automation or if they are trying to get users to buy only samsung harware.
Quirky Toy, Not For Actual Use Amateurish and unreliable. Simply went offline and never came back. No amount of resetting helps, app simply says "offline" and online support is mostly other users asking each other about the same questions.
Otherwise it is easy to use and works flawlessly when everything is in ... Was very frustrating to setup because the App was in between migrations from Samsung and the original developer. Otherwise it is easy to use and works flawlessly when everything is in sync.
Five Stars Simple and work well.
Great hub works with most smart devices. This may well be the best smart things hub out there. It talks with almost all smart devices (but not quite all) using its app on your phone/tablet/computer. Everything appears under its single ecosystem displayed on the app so you can manage everything from a single app. Anazon or Google will no doubt include this capability with their own built-in hubs soon, but for now, this is sweet.
Worked great for about 10 months Worked great for about 10 months. I assume some update crippled the range, because now it can't reach Z-Wave outlets in the very next room (less than 30 feet away).This product gets 1 star for not only failing to work, but ruining my whole investment in other Z-Wave tech.
Five Stars Good
Service service service thank you Michelle B. I would love to give a great big shout out to Michelle B Smarthings customer rep.. She was the best service rep. I think I have ever had the pleasure of talking to. I give the product 4 stars but the customer service makes it a 5 all day long. When you have such great customer Reps. like Michelle B. Samsung is doing something right. Its representatives like her that makes you feel good about buying their product. Its like the old saying goes its the service after the sale and boy did I get the service. Thank you so much Michelle B. because of your service you can bet I will buy Samsung Smarthings again and again.
Two Stars Barely ever works...
SO far so good Instantly set up and got my new smart bulb hooked up. Wish I had done this sooner!
wifi works great, just not this hub or any z just plain didnt work. continuously off line or updating. wifi works great, just not this hub or any z wave
The SmartThings Smart Home Hub is a great idea with two major ... The SmartThings Smart Home Hub is a great idea with two major drawbacks.The Good:Beautiful DesignThe Old App Words Well.The BadTerrible Range. I have a 1200 square foot open apartment and get frequent disconnects.The new app is terribleMy recommendation is you look elsewhere at least until samsung gets it's app figured out.
Has API Great and has api for creating own apps.
great product great product. works flawless with alexa
Leaks suck no matter what it's okay, not sure if it is worth it. By the time you get the alert the water has already done damage. Leaks suck no matter what.
Two Stars Goes offline a lot and not can’t seem to get it back online. Frustrating.
No Local WiFi support. Requires Internet The hub works good for Z-Wave and Zigbee devices so far.I have it connected by a 2G Data hotspot in Brazil and can still control it from Florida.But, please understand you need Internet connected to the Hub to make it work.You can not turn devices on and off from your Phone APP without the Internet working, Not even Locally if you are connected to the same WI-FI :(However, if you have a Local "Scene" program, it will still run, most the time.
I'm very happy with this hub For the most part, I'm very happy with this hub. However, it does have the occasional connectivity issues. I don't know that there is a hub though that doesn't have these issues. On one occasion where I did need to contact customer support, they were very helpful. Their service is excellent.
Use your smart phone to lock and unlock door and to check if it's locked Follow the instructions and everything will be OK. If you like the latest technology this is a good product
I cant give it 5 stars as it does not connect to your home network wirelessly. I cant give it 5 stars as it does not connect to your home network wirelessly. I had to call Samsung cause I never imagined this needs to be hard wired to your router. This limits a lot the placement and creates a bit of a problem routing the cables and power cables. It works well but I am unhappy that I tied to a cable and cant stick it behind a sofa or some cabinet.
Samsung/Home Control! Samsung is going to take over the home control world and they are doing a good job keeping it as easy as possible.
Five Stars I LOVE SMARTTHINGS!!!
NO LONGER SUPPORTS ECHO, GOOGLE HOME ot I-Home ONLY BIXBY!!! I was an avid fan of the Samsung SmartThings hub and bought it because of its integration with Amazon Echo. My smart home was humming along smoothly and I just needed to tell Alexa what I wanted done.Then I had s glitch after an update and ended up having to factory reset my Hub. A pain, but the price you pay for being an early adopter. But then the REAL PROBLEM - SmartThings is dropping support for all Voice Assistant other than Samsung's own Bixby.I'm switching to a Wink hub ASAP and abandoning all things Samsung because they did this without input or warning - VERY POOR CUSTOMER RELATIONS!!!. Good bye Samsung.
Overall a great product but I am only giving 4 stars based ... Overall a great product but I am only giving 4 stars based on the complexity for some customizing features that should be easier (Schlage locks, Time Zone, etc requiring code). I have over 30 devices using mostly Z-Wave GE devices and some WiFi based devices.
Five Stars A+++
I am new to the smart things stuff so that might be my issue but ... I am new to the smart things stuff so that might be my issue but sometimes the hub just goes offline and I had to unplug (and take a battery out) to reset it. When its connected, no issues.
On/Off Leviton work fine, dimming ones go unavailable. Very finicky with my Leviton Zwave devices.Although I use Leviton switches, they claim to be unavailable.I re-add the device and it works for a short time and goes off again.It seems to be a compatability issue with the dimming switches, as the off/on versions works fine.
Annoying Keeps disconnecting multiple times in a row. Every time they do an update I have to reset my light settings. If this keeps up I will be switching to another hub because this one has been annoying.
This hub is so complicated to set up. I ... This hub is so complicated to set up. I can build a computer myself but struggling with this." Code is invalid"... resetting code depends on firmware...to check firmware go here...so on and so on. I will update once I can figure this out.
Easy setup but limited compatibility and features After 3 hours of trying get my Wink hub to update its firmware i decided to give the Samsung SmartThings a shot. The set up was easy but device compatibility and features are limited. I have an Ecobee lite thermostat that i cant add and also 4 Wemo light switches that i cant add either. I have a Schlage Door lock which was easy to pair to the hub but I cant create user codes like you can on the Wink hub. I'll be returning it and giving the Wink hub another shot.
Disconnects Its great because it's flexible with Z-Wave and Zigbee, and I love Samsung. The problem I have is that it disconnects a lot. I get notifications a lot about it disconnecting
compatible with my smart appliances. It works with my Thomostat, lock and switches, and makes me can control all of them with only one app, however, I found (probably) a bug that sometimes when I set A/C off, but the A/C was actually still on, and this why I only offer 4-star.
Worth every penny I have purchased and returned other hubs, but this one was amazing. Easy, quick, helpful app. I hooked it up to my Alexa within 20 minutes. So happ
Four Stars Really easy to set up and link to multiple devices throughout my house.
Four Stars Sometimes it lost the connection with lutronhub and all automations stop working.
The app is pretty well designed works really well. The app is pretty well designed too
it seems to be working and all is good for now I bought this as a warehouse deal and it was missing the power supply. Other than having to learn how to do a factory reset and find the welcome code to set it up, it seems to be working and all is good for now.
Apple App Unusable I can not recommend this product. As of April 2018 the Apple App is so bad the product is unusable. Check the App reviews prior to purchase.So much potential, I hope they get it worked out.
If you want a side job of constantly readding devices, this is for you Devices keep dropping. Have to reset to bring them back. Resetting several devices regularly is painful. Each device has different instructions and often not found again. Support responds 3+ days to tell you to reset. #worthless
You need computer experience. Works fine but not for the non techie.
Does a fantastic job controlling our smart switches Does a fantastic job controlling our smart switches, plugs, smart thermostat, garage door, and door lock. It also plays well with Alexa. The app has been very useful, and I've found a couple of essential add-ons through the SmartThings website.
Smart home necessity Love that we are able to tie all of our SMART products into one application.
Connects easily to our wired network and provides wireless signal throughout ... Samsung seems to be supporting version two with updates to firmware. Connects easily to our wired network and provides wireless signal throughout our single story wood framed house and basement.
One Star Wouldn't connect to anything. Crazy frustrating!
Five Stars Working nice with a thermostat under Z-Wave.
I have a hard time believing they had a single ... I have a hard time believing they had a single person quality test their iOS App. It's just plain broken.
Three Stars Sometimes it goes offline or doesn't turn off the light...
Sent refurbished garbage. I received a refurbished item with garbage batteries and a made in china knockoff charger... I am pissed beyond belief, the unit is flashing read due to charging issue... this will be going back!!!
...about to get ruined... Started well, and works most of the time. The software is horrendous. Want to create a scene? Add each and every switch and bulb (I have over 70!), along with its status. Want to activate a scene? Open app, navigate to home/scene, find scene, tap. No widgets, no shortcuts, no way to arrange devices or scenes, no nothing. And what's worse, Samsung started branding the new android app, and now REQUIRES access to your contacts before you can even RUN the app. This means it will be impossible to control your home without allowing Samsung access to everyone you know.Webcore is an absolute necessity to make any sense of this thing.
but once connected it's awesome. This works really well once connected. I had a few issues connecting (not because I'm an idiot... I'm an IT professional), but once connected it's awesome.
Five Stars Smart
No Nest integration Works as promised. Connects to wide verity devices, but no Nest connectivity
Three Stars Needs to have more R & D so it will interface with a wider variety of outdoor cameras.
Has much better scheduling/routine/scene/trigger functions than Alexa Interfaces well with z wave, zigbee and Alexa. Has much better scheduling/routine/scene/trigger functions than Alexa, but it all has to be done through a phone app. I wish Smart things had a web interface instead of just the app. (I know they have a developer web interface, but it's for making virtural switches, custom devices, etc NOT routines/schedules/scenes.)
Great addition to my smart home Great addition to my smart home. After adding many smart appliances, I needed something to make automation easier. This works great once you get used to the interface with it's multitude of choices for automation. Now if it would only work with Nest products....
Four Stars Setup was a breeze and covered the house well (4000 sq ft)
Five Stars Very easy setup
utterly unreliable very buggy and utterly unreliable. I can't believe this is the most popular hub on the market today, because it's junk. When it works, it's great. But it on a DAILY basis fails to work as expected.
Dissapointed, waste of money, time and patience Lack of troubleshooting, when you have a problem you better dispose it. The controller is not recognizing two devices, used to be working and then, nothing. Errors and errors appearing on the app. I Followed instructions to solve it, nothing worked, and tech support is not efficient, they only were limited to send me a lot of generic information to try it. The same procedures that i found on google, same prpcedures tech support gave me.
Easy to set up Works great, easy to connect to other company’s smart things. The software is not real intuitive, but with a little patience you can figure everything out
Good stuff. Amazingly it works!!!!
Five Stars Good device, only complaint, the apps is old, it needs to be updated with more features added.
Technology in its infancy - buyer beware Works great when it works. The app is down pretty much daily for some period of time. It's technology in its infancy though, so patience is required.More irritating though is the hurdles required to coordinate with Google Home. It took multiple phone calls to configure my Samsung Galaxy S7 / Google Home / SmartThings. My husband is still not configured on his iPhone (6 weeks later) because he got so frustrated.Buyer beware - after a frustrating setup, this works great for me 90% of the time. You really can't beat the convenience, so I'm sticking it out. But setup is not easy. You probably won't get this up and running right out if the box without a call to tech support - which has limited weekend hours, and is only open until 8PM EST on weekdays.
Too high a price considering the small benefits I see no benefit 2 using this hub. The setup is completely confusing and far too many steps involved. I have a Samsung S7 and I expected that there would be an easier setup process considering I'm using their phones with their phone. Good morning I love love love. It's beautiful
Randomly disconnects. I’ve had this for two months and it constantly disconnects itself from the router. Then you have to reset it and everything connected to it. Not worth it.
Four Stars very good!!
JUNK JUNK WASTE OF THE EARTH'S RESOURCES JUNK JUNK WASTE OF THE EARTH'S RESOURCES! I purchased my Samsung "SmartThings" based on the reviews. Well, I regret it...1. The fence, which is a proximity boundary that determines when you are arriving or leaving your home, works approximately 75% of the time. It's annoying and - at the same time - a security hole because the alarm system doesn't always activate when I am away. I thought this would improve when I transitioned from my iPhone to a Samsung S7 but it did not affect the outcome. I live in the middle of Los Angeles.2. I received false alarms on the motion sensor frequently. When this occurs you're freaking out and waiting for a door sensor to trigger as a two-step verification but then realize that one of the - included - door sensors does not work. It's just disappointing.3. The outlet switch stopped working 1-year after the purchase, and then one of the door monitors died as well.4. The app very rarely gets updated. The app doesn't have a ton of options, you're not going to be lost in all of the things this thing can do. For example, you can't put the wall socket on a count-down timer. If a room temperature sensor reaches X, you can't turn on the wall socket to engage a fan or air conditioner. Which part of this system is smart...the sensors have been around for decades. The control system is average and there is plenty of room for improvement.Bottom-line: If you're serious about home security, spend a little more money and don't buy this product. Read the 1 - 3 star reviews. I've had my system for a little over a year and I am not confident that I know what's going on at home when I am away.
Five Stars Perfect!
Five Stars Amazingly awesome
Just short of actually useful. Disappointing... it has never quite lived up to what I purchased it for, it neither integrates all my smart items ( even for the ones that it supports I need to use their native apps for full funtionality - like with my ecobee thermostat, or even still have to buy their hubs to be able to connect - like with smart lightbulbs). As an inexpensive and easy security system; well it's less expensive, but the presence sensors don't work, or don't work consistently so I'm constantly getting false alarms because it doesn't realize people are home. The most frustrating thing is that you can't see what an items functionality well be until you buy it and connect it to the hub: I thought we could use to key pad on a smart - lock to arm the alarm if you enter a certain code, but it will only arm disarm based on whether the lock is locked or not. This means that if I leave the house, but others are still home it can either arm when I lock the door (more false alarms) or I've got to fumble worth my phone to manually arm it, along with my keys to lock the door, plus whatever else I'm carrying. The potential is there, but it never confess together to be truly useful, I'd bee just as well off with each smarty item individually.
Great for the price, but there are easier products I purchased the smart things hub to replace my outdated Vera home controller. I figured the price was right and this product has a huge community. I really regret my decision to go with the SmartThings hub and am considering going back and buying the latest version of the Vera. The SmartThings app is limited with what you can program and many features seem to require you to download custom add ons. Things Vera did simply, such as "if motion is detected turn on light the after __ minutes turn off light (or turn light back to previous state)" this functionality requires me to download CoRE or an additional add-on to the SmartThings web interface.
If the app isnt opening right, google smartthings status page to see if there is a systemwide outage. Its ok, it was a bit frustrating during setup until i learned i was trying to set it up during a systemwide outage. nothing indicated that until i was already on google researching why i could not load the app. that was stinky. Anyway now thats its set up, i have it monitoring my home for power outages. I plan to add more to it in the future.
Samsung offers chat and email support, but the chat ... Samsung SmartThings Smart Home Hub Samsung offers chat and email support, but the chat person doesn't know the product, and email doesn't have the product listed. No manuals are available, since December of 2017. This is unreal. I guess I'm stuck with a $90, internet connected, paper weight.
Doesn't seem to find any devices well at all. I had a rough first week with this, as Samsung had major outages in its network for several days. Okay - maybe that's just bad timing...But since then, I have had trouble pairing every single device I have attempted. There is absolutely zero feedback as to why something fails. No logs, no error code, no messages. The application just spins and spins. I have no idea if I have a faulty unit. Docs online are out of date.
Samsung SmartThings Smart Home Hub ... Samjin I bought this for my son. He loves it.
Five Stars Do not buy if you are from the EU!!!
Not as promised Don't believe the hype. Home automation is still a wild west affair. I bought a simple plug in outlet/switch, paired it with the hub and it worked for a day. Then the next day the hub says it's unavailable. I bought a few more zwave outlets -- all the same problem. Works one day, unavailable the next. I googled the issue and basically a ton of people have this issue. As far as I'm considered, this is half-baked technology. If you interested in dabbling in home automation, I recommend starting off slowly to see if it works for you. Don't do what a lot of people do and buy 50 outlets/light switches to replace your old ones. You'll be in for a rude awakening if you're among the folks who can't get it to work.
Works as advertised. Works as advertised.
Working Great And As It Should !!! So far I have had no issues. Works fine with my switches and door lock
Hub dead after 7 weeks Bought it October 18, 2017, Hub dead after 7 weeks! Sold by: Video & Audio Center. Return window closed on Nov 19, 2017, completely and utterly unhappy. I'm posting a halt-star based on the 49 days it worked.
NOT for me. still have not figured out how to group things. set up is not clear and is not for technology challanged. I've been running other smart things tp link, Alexa for quite awhile and this has been a nightmare
The firmware update recently rendered my hub useless for about 24 hours The firmware update recently rendered my hub useless for about 24 hours. The user interface is extremely poor for such a simple device. Configuration and maintenance have to be done through a phone app. There is no significant computer based interface, which makes this device very disappointing. Those with poor eyesight will have a big issue with the interface. I am not not sure how any company would put so little effort into their user interface. It is pretty baffling.
JUNK Piece of junk doesn't pair with any of the sensors. Need customer support? Good luck! What a joke. Back to iris alarm for 1/3 of the price.
Useless product accompanied by a terrible/ non existent Samsung support Useless product accompanied by a terrible/ non existent Samsung support! I give up. I returned this useless piece of ...
Unstable and unreliable. Avoid. Unstable and unreliable. SmartThings is a cloud-based service, and any outage of your internet connection, their cloud service, or what seems to be a million other things renders this device into a useless brick, and your home automation inoperable.I'm a techie and this is not my first rodeo. I know how this stuff is supposed to work.Do the Smart Thing and look elsewhere. Very disappointed.
Mostly capable smart home controller ... when it works I've had the SmartThings hub for over a year now, and on balance, it's been a good -- not great -- smart home controller. The biggest detractions are the increasingly-frequent ST server downtimes, which make the hub unresponsive.These issues often take the ST techs hours to resolve, during which time the ST hub is nothing more than a brain-dead plastic brick sitting on my desk, drawing power.For instance, on 21 of the past 67 days I have received notifications of ST service interruptions affecting large swaths of geography. Most of these I've experienced personally, some I've not. But really, an average mean-time-between-failure of 3 days doesn't give me any warm fuzzies about how reliable the ST server infrastructure is. They really need to figure that out and fix it.So, if you can enjoy having your smart home work most of the time, the SmartThings hub will be adequate for you. Perhaps that's damning it with faint praise, but that's been my experience. YMMV.
Failed in short order. Worked fine for a month or so, then just up and died. Couldn't log in to the unit, even after powering down and resetting. Ceased functioning altogether, just became a useless chunk of white plastic.Amazon is shipping a replacement upon my return of this failed unit, but highly disappointing that complete failure occurred so quickly.Will update this review upon receipt of the replacement hub.
I'm pretty angry about this... too many outages. I used to love this device but there are WAY TOO MANY outages. There are times Alexa can't find it. And right now, they are having yet another outage. How do I know? status.smartthings.com says so.Hey Samsung, your little device is CONTROLLING my entire house and when it goes down, everything goes with it. So please, get some redundancy in the cloud. Or just build in fail-safes that allow the device to continue with no Internet connection.Damn it, I'm pretty angry about this. I spent a fortune on home automation around this device.
App(s) are beyond terrible, missing out-of-box support for many items I'm reasonably far into my smart home with Nest, Hue, Lutron Dimmers, and Bali Autoview, and a few generic (GE?) smart switches / bulbs and a Wink Hub tying it all together.I decided to switch to SmartThings because it has a little more 'tinkerer' support. Developing on the Wink platform is a bit painful and the community isn't as vibrant, so I thought I'd switch. Well, step one was just trying to get it to work out of the box. Turns out I didn't get that far.I can't even describe how beyond terrible the apps are. I'm running on a Galaxy S8 (latest Samsung flagship phone) running Samsung apps on a Samsung SmartThings. You'd assume I would have the best possible experience here. There's a "legacy" app that doesn't seem to be able to add the hub anymore. The new method is apparently Samsung Connect. That app would get most of the way through the setup process and fail with a "please contact support" message. Note that the "contact support" message wasn't even nice enough to provide a website or contact info. Eventually I found that after I exited the app, it had installed the hub, but told me I hadn't completed the setup. The setup told me the hub was already registered to another user (me). I performed a factory reset, and did the same thing again. Try three I found out that if I just closed the app right as it was adding the hub, I could re-launch and finish the setup properly.Finally, after having the hub paired with the app, time to add my ZWave devices. Strike 1 - doesn't work with Lutron unless I buy their hub. Strike 2 - doesn't work with Nest. Strike 3 - got it paired to one of my simple smart switches, I can turn it on all day long with the app, but not off. This may not be the hub's fault - I'm not 100% sure if it had good signal strength and it was a 'generic' switch. However, the Wink hub in the same room had no issues. Strike 4 - Bali Autoview absolutely would not pair (wouldn't discover it - as a debug step I re-paired it to a Z-Wave remote and to my Wink Hub successfully, re-tried with Samsung to no avail). I don't see how it was a signal strength issue, the hub was line-of-sight in the opposite corner of the same room.So - a few hours after opening the box, I had it half-working with one of my smart devices. The hardware experience was poor, the app experience was even worse. No thank you.
Better get the customer service number early in the game to see if the hub is going to work as diagrammed for you. No code can be found to activate this device. Customer service no help. Reset the hub and entered the code from the back of the hub...nothing, nada...big waste of money. Too bad as we had high hopes for this controlling all of our new lights in a very special room. We bought it prematurely prior to its installation on our wireless grid and now too late to send it back. OUCH!
Works well Works well with my home automation and Alexa:) have not had an issue with it constantly disconnecting.
Great, even for non samsung sensors! I absolutely love this hub, but not for the reasons most would use it for. I opted to purchase 3rd party door and window sensors in lieu of Samsung branded sensors for cost and reliability reasons, I purchased Xiaomi motion, door and window sensors at a fraction of what Samsung charges for theirs, this smart hub gives you the option of coding up your own instances for Zigbee devices making it an absolute powerhouse if you simply need a centric hub for your Zigbee devices, the capabilities are limitless with this hub and it has performed flawlessly since I have had it (almost 6 months). I highly recommend it.
Five Stars The best home automation hub around.
Virtually a plug and play device. I purchased this item with a couple of lightbulbs and a couple of switches, just to see how easy setting up a smart home really was. After researching different hubs, I settled on the SmartThings hub because of the price versus what all it interfaces with. For $80, I have been exceptionally pleased.Setting up the hub was basically take it out of the box and plug it into the wall outlet and modem. It goes through the process of setting up on its own, after you enter your WiFi password. Be advised, mine came with a set of instructions that showed a ‘group’ of lights on the front, and explained what these lights mean. The unit I got came with only 1 light....about the size of the end of a paper clip wire. I thought it was a ‘reset’ button it was so small. After reading on the SmartThings community, I determined that this was the most current light set-up and 1 little dot is what I was looking for.I plugged the unit in, entered my password, entered the asked for information....and.....I waited! It took nearly half an hour to power up, go through its diagnostics, and perform endless updates. Throughout this process, however, the 1 little light did blink and change colors in accordance with the instructions. The light finally turned steady green and the hub was ready to go.The App is fairly straight forward and intuitively usable. I installed two switches and 2 light bulbs in table lamps, then started adding these into routines. So far, everything I have installed has been pair able right out of the box. I have been setting up different routines in the app, just to get used to setting devices up and into usable functions, such as turning off lights for bedtime. I Am so happy with my setup that I am proceeding with my smart home project by replacing all of the switches in the house with smart switches and adding motion sensors, thermostat, and locks.I would STRONGLY encourage anyone reading this that is interested in setting up a SmartThings hub to READ about smart devices and what they can (and cannot) do. I admit, I was EXTREMELY pessimistic going into this project, I was definitely not expecting it to be this easy, and I was not expecting everything to be “plug and play” as advertised. I have been very pleased with both!Since I started writing this, I have installed 2 motion sensors that were NOT “plug and play”... they had to be ‘finessed’ in the SmartThings device handler....GET VERY FAMILIAR WITH THE SMARTTHINGS COMMUNITY!!!!! I don’t think there is anything that they can’t walk you through and they keep it simple enough that I could follow what they were doing. Everything I have set up....works!
Five Stars Best hub on the market
Must Own Device I would have given this a 5 star except for one thing. I wanted my outside lights to come on ONLY at night when i arrive home. It took some research and a couple of articles on the internet to find a way to setup the routines to do this. It was complicated and at times intimidating to set up what feels like a simple request. I love the system! I wouldn't own a house without it going forward, but there is some room for improvements on the routines side of the application.
Samsung's tech is not there yet. Unreliable app and devices. I love this concept, but Samsung has so many reliability issues and quirks to fix it's not even funny. Just look at the reviews for individual devices, or some of the forum threads looking for support. SmartThings is supposed to make your life easier, not harder.Let me warn you: DO NOT use this for home security. It's just not reliable enough. I'm just trying to use it for detecting leaks and warning me, but it's incredibly frustrating. 1) Devices will go offline with no warning. SmartThings doesn't try to fix the connection. Even after I added range extenders, the devices will just sit there offline, and not warn me when they become "unavailable." This has happened to me maybe 10 times with various water leak sensors. 2) Audio notifications simply don't work. I have a Sonos connected that is supposed to play a warning in the case of a water leak. It didn't work. So I got a SmartThings alarm hoping that would fix it. Nope. It's the app. It WILL NOT play audio notifications, even though it says it will.So I got the hub and water leak sensors to have some peace of mind. I don't go into my basement often, and I don't want a second flood. Unfortunately, Samsung can't offer real peace of mind.I really do applaud Samsung allowing any Z-Wave device. They're not closing their ecosystem, so you could, in theory, get some really cool home automation. In real life, though, it's just not there yet. The signal is too weak, the app is an unreliable mess, and the devices each have their own unique problems that make them frustrating to use.
They just released a new version and it is so bad I'm considering going with a completely different system The hub is ok. Some devices work, some don't. It's hit or miss BUT the software that lets you control this thing is horrendous! They just released a new version and it is so bad I'm considering going with a completely different system. I don't know what Samsung is thinking, it almost seems like they DO NOT WANT to succeed in the booming home automation market.
False Marketing, Unstable Apps. Waste of time and money. Smart Things advertised a laundry monitor program, so I invested in the hub and two sensors. It never worked and (surprise surprise!) the laundry monitor was removed from their market place in July 2017 for being unstable. Waste of time and money.
Watch what devices you expect to work with this. I have 3 Samsung SmartCams. 2 recently purchased from Costco. 6431 model i think. I wasted a few hours trying to get these to work with this unit last night. I called Samsung support today and they said none of my 3 Samsung camera's work with this device and it's very specific to the camera model numbers it works with. I still think some of the other devices it's compatible with look like one's i'd like so i'm keeping it, although i have nothing to connect to it now... Samsung's SmartThings Classic app is also compatible with far more devices, accept appliances, apparently, than their newer app.All that said, it looks like it has the ability to automate nicely. I just couldn't do anything with it with no devices to connect. Looking forward to trying blinds, a dimmer switch and motion sensors, perhaps. And Samsung put my newer camera's on a list so hopefully they'll be comparable in the near future.
Easy to use and setup. If you want to set up scenes or routines this is by far the best unit to use in conjunction with Alexa and Philips hue bulbs.. I love having this as part of my home automation.
Easy to set up. Compatible with a wide range of devices. I selected this hub due to the number of protocols it handles. I installed it on a shelf in my network rack, connected it to my Ethernet switch, and configured it without incident. Adding devices was a snap. I've been sticking with Z-Wave devices so far and with the wired Z-Wave devices acting as repeaters, I've had no issue with range and getting all my devices connected.
DUMB HUB ..You must be home to reset it if it goes offline. NOT GOOD Don’t do it! Everything was hooked up and running fine. I bought this to monitor my home for times when I am traveling. A storm knocked the internet offline and I was able to reset it remotely, BUT, the Hub will not reconnect. Cust Service said it must ne reset manually. WHAT??Dumb Hub
Three Stars Alexa with the hub I shound’ve gotten but yet the hub that I have is ok
But once working it is still a bit complicated to schedule thermostats easily. A bit complicated to set up and link to Alexa. Finally able to do because Samsung Android Phones usually already has a Samsung account that is logged into so it automatically sign in the SmartThings to that account. Once figured out and reset the Samsung account then connected to Alexa. Phone support has no clue what is going on and transfers you around and around. But once working it is still a bit complicated to schedule thermostats easily.
Four Stars I wish it was compatible with more devices but it doesn't claim to be. Just as advertised.
Five Stars Probably the best home automation system available.
I Do you not know if is the hub or ... I Do you not know if is the hub or my lock but either way it keeps going unavailable have not been will figure out which one is the problem yet this keeps reoccurring
One Star Very very flacky system, button app doesn't work half the time. Useless
... and you will see this is one of the best hubs out there at this time Do your homework and you will see this is one of the best hubs out there at this time. Works with everything it says it will and check their site for options to control all sorts of items.
Very pleased I've been very happy with this hub. It allows me to use a large variety of brands of equipment which has worked well. It is easy to use. The app is also pretty intuitive and was easy to learn. We've had it cut out once but we got it up and working before too long and it's been great since.
Another great addition to our smart home Another great addition to our smart home. Made locking doors at night more convenient and every time my cleaning lady gets here, I just need to use my phone to let her in. I just don’t get why I receive an “offline” notification on my phone from time to time.
Very easy to set up and a great cost Cant do with out this item. Make Kwikset lock work, LED blubs, Very easy to set up and a great cost!
Just wait when you first plug it in, it'll update. I couldn't get it to setup initially, found threads online describing exactly my problem. Suddenly the light turned solid red (applying update) and it remained like that for about 10 minutes. The light turned blue, then solid green, then finally the app found the hub.So when you plug this thing in, let it sit for like 20 minutes before trying to set it up. Once it's updated it'll be found by your smartthings app no problem.
Five Stars Works like a charm.
Must have Wow, I love the hub. It was easy to install, connect with our produces, and simple to use. We are well on our way to having a connected home.
SmartThings is the best value and simple to setup We have started to automate the house, SmartThings is the best value and simple to setup.
Doesn’t Work Without fail every time I am home alone this will go off saying “front door intrusion”. Turns on all the lights in my house. So of course I think someone has broken in. To find out no one has. Scares me to death!
Great Item at a Great Price Great Item at a Great Price
Five Stars Just starting to use it but it seems to work with the switches and bulbs I bought
We have the same lock in another house and love it. However I purchased this to control a Schlage lock. We have the same lock in another house and love it. However, we use a Wink hub at the other house. Comparing the user interface of the two hubs was my complaint. The Wink interface is more user friendly and allows up to a six digit code while the Samsung SmartThing Hub only seems to allow a four digit code. The rest of the interface is just not up to par with the Wink either. I purchased the Samsung hub because it came as a bundle and I was lazy. I do want to say, it is easy to set up and does everything it advertises.
Like this unit.. does some pretty cool things Pretty cool .. and not expensive.. pretty easy to add devices and automate home
Great product for home automation Works perfectly!and they have super tech support.
Used items for new prices I was a little disappointed in Amazon on this one. I ordered what I thought was going to be a new Smart Things hub, and instead received a used, open box item. Instructions were removed from packaging, and device was already added to someone elses account. I had to factory reset it before i was even able to connect to it. The power cord, instead of being twist tied together like any other electronic you buy, was tied in a knot at the bottom oc the box. There are also marks or scratches on top of the hub.All in all Im seriously disappointed in Amazon here.
Five Stars It was easy for me to start my smart home process.. now I can connect z-wave devices.
The best addition to my smart home by far The best addition to my smart home by far. I refuse to buy anything from here on out that does not work with it... which honestly isn't much.
Five Stars Good protect with good community support.
Simple things are simple, difficult things are possible. Got this about a month ago and I've been "automating all the things" since then.First up was all the lights in our great room with new Leviton dimmers. They're kinda spendy, but work great and it's really nice being able to just ask Alexa to turn on or off the lights in the morning when we wake up, go to bed or leave for work. Pairing with the hub was super easy and it works great.Then I added some Visonic MCT-340 door/window sensors to a few doors and our backyard gate and shed. Nice being able to get an alert should someone open a gate/etc while we're gone. Again, pairing with the SmartThings hub couldn't be any easier.Next up was a GogoGate2 garage door opener. Turns out the GogoGate2 only support IFTTT integration and nobody has written the necessary code for direct SmartThings integration. I'm going to blame myself for not doing my homework, but kinda makes the point that you really have to do your homework before you buy things and expect them to just work.So I did more research and picked out the Linear GoControl garage door controller. While the GogoGate2 would require a lot of work (writing custom Groovy code) this worked out of the box and was super easy to pair with the SmartThings hub. This is pretty useful in the SmartThings app, but sadly the Alexa integration is basically non-existent which an Amazon imposed issue, not with SmartThings. Apparently, for "security reasons" you can't use Alexa to open or unlock doors. Oddly, you can't even ask Alexa if the garage door is open, which seems kinda stupid. Something to keep in mind!I've also integrated with our Trane XL1050 thermostat. This was a bit more work as out of the box as Trane/Nexia makes it _really_ hard to integrate with SmartThings. This is because Nexia wants to use the XL1050 as your 'smart hub' and pay Nexia a monthly service fee. Samsung on the other hand doesn't charge a monthly service fee which is why I bought it instead. Anyways, I found the necessary information to connect my XL1050 on this thread:community.smartthings.com/t/how-do-you-control-a-nexia-thermostat-with-a-smartthings-hub/34046/110Last up was our Logitech Harmony remote/hub for our entertainment system. Easy peasy. Just type in your harmony username/password and it discovers all your settings.Anyways, right now I'm reading up on the SmartThings docs to write my own Device Handler and SmartApp for our HTD whole house audio controller. Obviously, this isn't for everyone, but I love the fact that SmartThings is an open and extensible platform for those of us who aren't afraid of using Github and writing some code. If you can code, then pretty much your imagination is the limit when it comes to SmartThings, but if the idea of writing code is either scary or a turn off, realize you can still do a lot of things with the SmartThings Hub, just you've got to do your homework in advance and make sure the other devices are compatible.
Five Stars excellent device
Smart Things is very inconsistent in operations Smart Things is very inconsistent in operations. The software appears to be bug ridden, there are multiple fixes released every month which takes down the hub. There doesn't appear to be good product management, junior engineering practices at best and a complete absence of quality control.. I'm certain that each new fix is due to customer found issues rather than in the QA lab, If they were, the software would be released in more stable form. My systems is adequate, The automation scenarios are awkward, the interface is only on the phone which speaks extensively to the lack of commercial product management. Smart Things is more of novelty than are bullet proof automation system. I would never use if for security, i leave that to the professionals, not a producer of cheap hardware and high school quality software. Samsung should be ashamed.
Five Stars Works as designed.
great. great product,
No Nest Support But I'm Happy I Got Smartthings. Comparison: After looking at the both the Wink V2 and Samsung Smartthings hub In-store and online it took me a while to make a decision, For me the biggest factor was whether or not they would work with the Devices I already had (5 Wemo Light Switches, 3 Wemo Insight Outlets, 1 Nest Thermostat and 1 Nest Fire & Carbon Monoxide Detector, 1 Ring Doorbell, 2 Sengled Bulbs, 2 Logitech Harmony Hubs, 1 Alexa, 1 Echo Dot and finally 1 Google Home) The first flaw with the smartthings is due too the rivalry of Samsung vs Google. Nest being a google company has no support with or from smartthings. The second flaw is that both have no official support for Wemo however Smartthings integration is possible with the work of smartthings Labs while with Wink there is no communication at all. Meaning while the official Smartthings team has made Wemo integration possible it is not yet official but is available to users through the lab section under the Manually add devices section in app. So too me the Smartthings seemed good but i would not be able to integrate it with nest (Without use of IFTTT) and I have already spent too much to now switch over too ecobee3. The third gripe I have only effects Wink, No harmony support whatsoever but it would work with my nest.Biggest Points:Things that can be Macgyvered to communicate with each other through the use of IFTTT will be marked*IFTTT will not allow for use of all features.Wink V2: Wemo* No, Harmony* No, Nest Yes, RIng doorbell Yes (No motion alerts*).Smartthings: Wemo Yes (No energy info from Wemo Insight outlets), Harmony Yes, Nest* No, Ring doorbell Yes (Can create routines with motion alerts)The Decision: In the end I decided to go with Smartthings as it would control my Wemos and Harmony hubs as well as letting me use my harmony remote to control lighting and outlets and seeing as how the Nest app is very intuitive I decided I'd much prefer using that over either Smartthings or Wink.Review: I currently have my Smartthings hub communicating directly with all my Wemo's, Harmony Hubs, Ring Doorbell and 2 Sengled Element Light Bulbs. The Communication with all of them is flawless. When someone approaches my Ring Doorbell It sends a motion alert to SmartthingsWhich then uses the "If things start happening" condition to turn my Wemo light switch "Porch" on and then after no movement is detected for a set period of time it uses the "If things quite down" condition to turn of the porch light. Tested this rule 25 times with it working each time before I was satisfied. Then I paired it with my Sengled lights and it found them in seconds. When switching the non-smart switch the smart lights are on from the Off to the On position the bulbs are re-connected to the Smartthings within 3 seconds (More impressed there by the fact $10 Smart Light Bulbs can connect that fast then the ability of the hub itself). It paired to my most used harmony hub easily, only one can be paired at a time, its a technical limitation that applies to both the google home and alexa or any Harmony compatible smart hub as well. After adding my Smartthings/Samsung account login info in Google Home and both Alexa's they found all the devices paired to my Smartthings hub, I then grouped up my different devices together in the app and tested them out on all my digital assistants. They were all able to run rountins that I had set up such as "Movie Time" which turns off my Wemo light Switches as well as the lamps I have on the Wemo Insight outlets. I have also made a routine that turns on my Espresso machine every morning at different times depending on the day of the week using another Wemo Insight switch. I was also able to get my Nest thermostat to perform some predefined actions set in IFTTT when requested by a routine in Smartthings.Final Word: Im Happy I Got Smartthings.
Connects easily to many devices Connects easily to many devices, and many more via custom device handlers. If you have even rudimentary software development skills, it is not too difficult to create or modify device handlers and build your own smart apps. I do wish it allowed direct TCP sockets with other devices on my home network. The workaround of a separate server (computer/Raspberry Pi) is feasible, but not optimal.
Works great, but setup is harder than it should be. I installed my first smart home system at our beach house where I bought an Apple TV to use as an Apple Home hub. The Apple setup was intuitive and easy, but Apple Home has several key drawbacks. The key ones are the use of Bluetooth communication which is limited in range, a limited number of compatible devices available, fewer configuration options, and limited use to iPhone users. For these reasons, I decided to go with a Samsung SmartThings hub using z-wave for our primary home.Samsung employs a more open architecture where a community of developers offers additional device drivers and plugin smart apps. While the Apple Home app is simple and elegant, the Samsung app is a bit cumbersome and complicated. However, Samsung makes up for it by providing far more configuration capabilities than does Apple. Also, the Samsung tech support is accessible and outstanding. I contacted their support via chat twice and got answers in minutes. It took a bit longer to get Samsung working, but it was worth the effort.
To many bugs for years. You might as well go for some home grown system with a pc or raspberry pi. Getting devices setup is miserable. You finally get there and then their syncing issue between their cloud system and your hub clears our everything in your hub. But the advanced devices are made to never forget that they are connected to a device until you do this complicated exclusion process which never works until, randomly, it works. How can you sell this if it’s so frustrating and flakey to so many users?
Has been better than expected in all ways My first endeavor into smarthings and setting up and using. While it takes time to really understand all that it can do, I've come to realize that this is a huge money saving system. My electric bill is essentially down 40% by switching my thermostat and outlets. I have electric heat, which is the most expensive way to heat but the investment has paid itself off in two months. I still never walk into a cold house and now my lights and ceiling fans are connected. My TV and set top boxes are off all day, and Go back on when I'm 3-4 miles from home so by the time I get inside they're all ready to go. Smoke detectors connected if I'm away I will be informed. I can unlock my door for my neighbor to check or to keep the Fire dept from breaking my door to get in. Just has been a surprising bigger deal than I expected going in. And I really have not run into any issues or limitations to this unit.
Great compatibility and easily managed Really nice, it delivers as expected: compatible with a lot of devices which are easily connected, range is quite decent, SmartApps list is well organized, and have some useful stuff. I give it 4 stars because it can't be used over Wifi, only using an Ethernet cable.
I'm just getting into the whole Smart Home thing I'm just getting into the whole Smart Home thing, but this hub along with the app and the Smartthings community and ecosystem seems like the perfect foundation to build upon. The flexibility and the options that it brings to the table are amazing. Be aware that if you want to get into advanced scenarios then you will need to be able to do some simple programming.
... Hub for a couple days now and it was super easy to set up I have been using the Smartthings Hub for a couple days now and it was super easy to set up, I mean I am a Computer Science major so it was easy for me but all you do is, install four AA batteries, plug in the power supply and then plug in the ethernet cable.I had to wait for it to connect to the Hub Server and an update but after that, I had a solid green light on the front (Which means it is ready to go).Adding z-wave and ZigBee products couldn't be any easier as well. You power on the product or install it and go to your Things, and it pops up right in front of you waiting to be set up.My roommate and I always forget to turn the lights off so I programmed the Hub to turn off if we both leave and forget to turn off the lights.Also if you integrate Google Home with the Hub (Which I have), it is super seamless after you set it up.So far I am in love with it, I have ZERO complaints but if something does arise I will come back and update this review!
Smart Things hub is simple and works with many devices Simple to setup and can be a hub for hundreds of things. Everyone who wants almost any home automation device, should use this hub. It also works with IFTTT. I connected my GE Z-wave switches to it. Now I can control them via Alexa.
Four Stars great
This product doesn't deserve the Samsung name! I have owned this product for about a year. It is glitchy and location services works half (joking)the time. It is always a gamble to see if the alarm is going to go off because it didn't recognize my phone or there is a delay in some activity to turn it off . My internet is rock solid so they cannot blame that. Today as my wife and I sat in our driveway as our kid opened up the door to only set the alarm off. For whatever reason it does not recognize our 1 mile perimeter around our house with us both using Samsung phones. 90% of the time it works...so I only get upset with it about once a month. There are other issues but just read the 1 star reviews. Most of them are correct and others just have a hard time setting it up. If you can live with that then buy it. I have 20+ years of technical experience and can tell you this product is not worth the investment....yet.
very good hub for Alexa I received A Leviton outlet for Christmas. I didn't know anything about smart outlets and I found out I needed a hub. It works well with the outlet.
Happy with my choice and look to do more with it. I originally had received as a gift a couple of iHome smart plugs.... I am a tech person but could not decide which direction I wanted to go.... so that got things rolling. After a couple of months and all was working well without a hub, I stumbled across my local HD dumping a couple of WeMo smart plugs and I grabbed the two that they had to add to my collection.So I have been operating without a hub and all was happy with the world--- until recently when iHome had server outages and firmware update glitches and since then the outlets have worked about 5% of the time and have had to be unplugged and replugged back in too many times.... needless to say a good old stand alone timer looked tempting to go back to, but I much prefer programming everything from my iPhone...so I decided to look for a hub to eliminate third party issues. Basically it came down to two: the Samsung SmartThings and Wink Hub 2....For the most part it was a tossup and the one deciding factor was that it appeared that the SmartThings hub could control the WeMo outlets whereas the Wink hub was more questionable. So I went with the SmartThings hub and it does control both brands of outlets.Setup was simple--- I already had setup my app and online account and simply plugged in the hub and the code that came with it into the app--- it took about 5-10min for the hub to update and I was ready to go. It recognized everything (including my Sonos speakers) except the iHome plugs...oh joy....then I thought about it and it appears that the iHome plugs need to have the iHome account linked--- that is fine, but it definitely makes me think about the future with other smart devices....especially the outlets...and here is why.... I want the hub to directly control the outlets...no 3rd party interference in a matter of speaking. This is how the WeMo's work for me--- yes I have their app, but, the SmartThings app and hub do not require any login information--- that is what I am after. So from here on out I have a better understanding of how I want it to work.Overall the setup is simple and one feature that I truly enjoy is being able to have my lights come on about 20-30min before sunset. From my experience is when they come on at sunset--- it is about that much too late and you have a period of time that the house is too dark... so by being able to have them come on a few minutes earlier solves everything.So far the setup is clean and all is working well. It did report that one of my iHome plugs went rogue again and said it was offline.... sure enough when I checked the history of it, it came on and never went off. Thankfully for a 9w LED it is not a big deal to have it stuck on an extra 9-hours and after cycling the power to the smart plug all was back to working again. The layout of the app is colorful and intuitive in its overall layout as so far no instructions necessary.Size wise, the unit is small-- about 4" square and 1" thick. The power adapter is quite small and the small LED on the front of the unit is the perfect size and brightness....big enough to see and know what state it is in without being blinding or obtrusive. It also does use four AA batteries as backup power.It does have geo-fencing capabilities and until I get to that point of trying it--- it is currently a dormant feature. I think that may be when I get more controlled outlets and switches that I can have things like the hallway light, kitchen light, and bedroom light all come on when I come home.... yes other lights would already be on, but this would light my path to where I have to disembark from my stuff at the end of a workday---- and with no preset time... that is pretty awesome. I will also have the other lights that I use in the morning go off earlier than programmed when I leave. This way when I go to work--- they go off when I leave. On a weekend, they stay on until the pre-programmed time.Now the search is on for some other smart devices!
We'd absolutely love if this could work remotely We got this to pair with our Schlage lock system and unfortunately it only allows us to control our locks using the app from INSIDE our house. We'd absolutely love if this could work remotely. If anyone knows if there have been changes to this system or know of a way to make this work, let us know!
Controls Philips Hue bulbs... in a manner of speaking... Was under the impression this could control the Philips Hue devices I have, so I bought it because of the wider compatibility.I can in fact control Philips Hue devices... only by linking the Hue hub.So you still have to use the Hue hub along with the SmartThings hub, which I find redundant and annoying. But at least my expensive Philips bulbs didn't all go to waste.
Unreliable, tech support is awful. Get a different unit. The system began having problems as soon as we bought it. It would stop working, individual devices would fail to respond. I spent almost a thousand dollars having smart switches installed around the house and then the hub started dropping them. Samsung support assured us that there was noooo problem at all, as lights failed to respond and could not be deleted from the network or re-added. Nope, there is no problem. Maybe denying it makes it go away?Routines wouldn't run. I'd come home to a dark home and a locked door. Commands would have to be given multiple times.A week ago, our unit bricked itself. I considered another angry E-mail to tech support, but what's the point? They'll just tell me that the system is working fine.My Wink2 arrives tomorrow.
Does not let you know when a sensor is down !!?!? Fairly priced product with many accessories. Integrates with ifttt and easy set up. All great and i like using it.However... if an item becomes unresponsive (like a water sensor, motion sensor, etc) you do not get notified!!! That is tragic.How can i feel safe that my smart home is protected if the system does tell me when there is a problem!?!?You can tell what sensors are down by logging onto the app and checking. But that is manual... and not a smart way to run a smart home.Fix this please!!
Five Stars Works well so far. No issues..
... the kwikset 914 lock and the Rboy driver and smart app. While the hub is a great start I'm using the smartthings hub with the kwikset 914 lock and the Rboy driver and smart app. While the hub is a great start, their driver and app provide only minimal support for the features of the lockset. By adding the Rboy device driver and smart app I was able to access the rest of the locks functionality and properly integrate it into the zwave system. Rboy support was also great answering my questions quickly and clearly.
Worthless Worthless...cannot detect Z wave devices
Stopped working after a month Worked great for about a month, then stopped working all together. Even after new batteries. Disappointing :(
and so far we love them. We live in an older home that ... I'm using the review I wrote for the Sengled Element Classic A19 bulbs, slightly modified for this comment as they go together and I'm a lazy typer.Bought this in a package with the Sengled Element Bulbs, and so far we love them.We live in an older home that has some wiring issues, and until we can fix them, these bulbs allow us to have light in our bedroom again. Sure, it's an outlet connected to an extension cord, but using these bulbs allow us to control the light without needing to plug/unplug the cord each time, which is very helpful in the dark.Will be ordering an 8 pack of these lights soon and replace the rest of the lights throughout the house. Pretty darned cool, and will be much better once the voice controls have even more options.For example, it would be great for google to know who I am by my voice (it does), and react accordingly based on that (it doesn't). This way we could name the rooms and lights, etc., as well as assign ourselves to them and say "Hey google, turn on my bedroom light" and it would know based on the voice, who's bedroom light to turn on. My kids could say the same thing and have their lights turn on, or we could use the kids names to turn on each of their rooms.You can do some of this based on the names of the rooms, but it's not quite there when knowing what to do based on who is requesting it.Either way, very cool and super helpful. Can't wait to get more automation hooked up, as even with only two bulbs, we are addicted.
Works perfectly! Very easy to set up and connect smart devices! Samsung is the way to go!
Five Stars Simple to setup and pair with Alexa
Five Stars EXCELLENT Item
I like it. No issues with this hub so far I like it. No issues with this hub so far. Only had a few smart products not work just yet. Kasa
Nothing but Trouble I purchased the Samsung SmartThings Hub to go along with the Kwikset SmartCode 916 lock. I LOVE the lock. The Hub is an entirely different story. Initial setup was easy. However, after less than a week, my hub went offline and I have not been able to get it back online. I have called Samsung Support. They walked me through some troubleshooting steps (all of which I had found online and previously tried) and nothing worked. They directed me to contact my internet provider to have them open 5 specific ports; they provided a prompt email with the port numbers.After working with my internet provider and having those ports opened, I was still not able to get the Hub back online. I tried all of the previous troubleshooting steps to no avail. Samsung support service hours are a bit limited so I am going to have to wait until tomorrow to call back and see what else might resolve the issue.Thinking of returning the devise and trying something else. Wink has similar reviews to Samsung.
b'Then the internet goes down and your \xc2\xaf\\_(\xe3\x83\x84)_/\xc2\xaf This has no local storage, if you are going to do automation, you need local storage for multiple reasons. If the interwebs go down, you will not be having it self learn or sending commands as you may need. I returned it before even opening it, Without verbose logging and local storage you will never know who was in your space.Home automation is like crack, you will find ways to do things you cannot imagine.Then the internet goes down and your \xc2\xaf\\_(\xe3\x83\x84)_/\xc2\xafPros: zigbee and zwave radio and othersCons: No internet, its worthless.Fact: I have been making machines smart for over 4 years. I have forgot more than most will ever learn.'
Five Stars Works great with all of our smart home accessories.
Saying a lot about this hub would be too much. Simple but very capable operation! I'm only just dipping my toes in the ocean of Smart Home capabilities but so far, this Hub has been fantastic. I really haven't had to interact with it at all since I set it up and paired all the components to it - which is probably the highest praise I could give! The app is *very* easy to use and navigate intuitively without any fuss.
If your home is all ready smart and ready to go this is for you If your home is all ready smart and ready to go this is for you. This is my experience: I bought Alexa, thought through a smart hub i could control my Samsung smart TV and from there i would build a smart home. This isn't how it works. Although i have a Samsung smart TV the module isn't compatible. You need to check before you buy, funny enough an Amazon Rep told me to purchase this devise. Alexa may be compatible HOWEVER all devises need to be too. I am returning until i have my home all ready to go. This is level 10 when i am a 2
Grweat and robust Home Automation HUB, and foundation for great automation. I have my HUB from the release date, and find it reliable. I have had no major issues, other that those created by network, or SmartThings problems.
Nest Users DO NOT BUY This Product does not natively support any of my products (nest thermostat, nest drop cam, nest protect or Chamberlain garage door opener. I was told I could find add-ons or third party software to get this to work. I wanted a product that was going to work out of the of box though.
To get advanced features for a lot of the products that are compatible may take a bit of research but its a good product. It does what it is supposed to do. To get advanced features for a lot of the products that are compatible may take a bit of research but its a good product.
Love it. I like how the ST hub auto updates its firmware. It's super easy to set up with the SmartThings mobile app. I didn't have to read any instructions. Just click on "Add a Thing" and follow instructions on the screen to add a zwave switch, for example. You also get email notifications when the hub is offline and becomes active again.
Decent device Pretty easy to set up and so far it recognized all of my devices. Few problems I have is that it always doing something online without asking me. I don't like when my devices just go online and share my information by themselves. I couldn't find an option to turn it off. Another problem is lack of versatility. In my smart power strip, I can control each individual outlet in the app, but I cannot assign automated tasks to individual outlets, only the whole strip. It doesn't make sense.
originally i was included as a user on my friends ... originally i was included as a user on my friends hub. now that i bought my own and registered a new hub it includes my friend to my hub as an owner and he cant be deleted. no response from samsung thus far. this is also after battling for 3 days with an electronic deadbolt that couldnt be added to the hub until it was first removed?!?! which really falls on samsung but wasnt included in instruction for the lock either.
Five Stars Great product. It works very well and was easy to set up.
Generally it does a good job I've been using the Hub about a month. Generally it does a good job. I mostly wanted to use it to see / control the Schlage Z-Wave Home Keypad Lever. I did Not want to use a service that charged a monthly fee to control the lock. The Samsung Hub saw and paired with the lock. Occasionally the hub shows the lock as off-line or not available. But it shows the lock's battery life. Usually after tapping the refresh icon a couple of times it shows correctly, or when I'm home and near the hub it shows. The Samsung Hub also saw my Harmony Remote. I can turn on/off the TV/AV-Receiver on my phone with the Samsung SmartThings App (or the separate Harmony app). I have 1 smart LED light bulb (GE Link) that the Samsung Hub can turn on-off with the SmartThings app on my phone. I might add some other 'smartthings' in the future. Generally it does what I needed.
Incompetent design from top to bottom Could not detect the location of my google pixel xl. At all. No matter what I did. If you remove your home location (as I finally did in a desperate attempt to get this mess to work) you must reset the device using the code on some card located in the packaging. Lose the card? You have to contact support. And I am left to ask why. Support was of no use at all in trying to get location services to work (although they did try to peddle me a location sensor . . . you know, because apparently it's 1998). This was a complete waste of money, and an almost comically poor design. I will not be wasting money on a samsung product again anytime soon.
Great interface, but poor user interface in the smart app. I like the fact that SmartThings Hub easily interfaces with Alexa. Simple voice commands to turn on / turn off lights, adjust thermostats, and set timers for functions during the day or night. The hub gets it time from the web, so you don't have to reset timers every time power is lost in a storm. But I don't like the fact that it only has simple one action triggers without applying a second variable.SmartThings Hub is a very basic product and works only on a single routine command. It uses your cell phone as a presence sensor, so you can set it to adjust the thermostat down when you leave and up when you arrive. Yes it can also turn your lights on when you arrive, but you can't specify after dusk or after sunset. So consequently when you come home from work or shopping in the daytime the lights come on.No forethought went into developing the application and allowing "and/or" to the triggers for the end user. I contacted tech support and was told by Kyle H. that this is simply not anything their customers would ever want. I mean really? who wants to come home at noon and have all the lights turn on, then you have to turn them off one by one.This would be an awesome product if they would bring the capabilities of the application into the realm 21st century.
Great Entry-Level Smart Hub It's easy to install this hub and to integrate a wide range of devices. This hub provides a set of easy-to-use rules for actions/alerts based upon events with connected devices.
Five Stars Super super easy set up. Quick shipping. To me it’s money well spent
Sometimes it doesn't work well. Sometimes it does. Supports Zigbee and Z-Wave. When it works, it works great. The idea is cool, but it's not 100% reliable. I would say 80%. It IS emerging technology and seems to get better by the day.The pros:I can turn on a crock pot, light, or thermostat remotely. It's probably paid for itself and a Z-Wave thermostat this winter. It supports Z-Wave AND Zigbee protocols which means more selection of devices. However, not every device will have a proper handler. They will either pair properly, not pair at all, or pair with limited functionality. I've found adjusting the handler in the web based back end gets a few devices to show up a generic item with basic functionality. Again, this is getting better with time, and there are constantly new devices being created by lots of different competing brands.The cons:Some of the user experience in the app is poorly designed. If you have to manage multiple hubs, (home/work/shop/cottage/etc.) and have multiple users the app... I have access to a work hub with my work ST login. I set up my home hub with my personal ST login, but have to add my work account as a user to be able to access both in the app at the same time. My phone as a presence sensor only actively toggles present or away for the hub I am viewing in the app. If I show up at work and am not viewing the work hub, but then view the work hub, my presence (phone) shows up to work at some point in the day. If I forget to toggle back to home hub before I pull into the driveway, my heat won't turn on. I go to bed later, and my phone 'arrives' at 3am or so, my heat turns on and I wake up sweating.Then location starts working properly again. Then it stops working after an update, then 3 weeks later it starts working again and i get an email two days later saying my firmware was updated, etc.When it doesn't work as noted above, it sucks cause your lights might not work, your garage door might not open, your thermostat might not turn on or off, your security system becomes non-existent, etc.Support/communication from Samsung is pretty good in the cases I've opened with them, but response time on actually getting bugs fixed is another story.All programability is stored in the cloud, not on the device, so if your internet goes down, so does your smart home. Why does it have battery backup? If your house loses power, your router goes down, you are SOL.Improvements? Make many-many hub-user relationships sensible in the app, or support multiple logins. Add SIM card feature for backup cellular internet connectivity, add local programability, make the usb ports usable for something other than 5v power, support a wifi dongle to make it wire independent, or a 3g dongle to make it redundant in case of power outage. At least devices with battery power would still be useful.
Five Stars An excellent tool to manage home automation. Works very well with everything I've tried (locks, lights, etc.)
Simple to install and use Easy installation of hub and devices.
What an amazing product !! Awesme gadget. Still figuring out all that it can do which is a lot. Very happy to have it.
Love it! Works great! AMAZING so far.Using quite a few different brands when it comes to devices.Also utilizing quite a few different smartapp integrations, and everything is working like a champ!Love it!
Five Stars Very good
Good upgrade from my Vera Lite So much easier to use than the Vera Lite I used to have. I had no problems pairing with my Z wave devices. Works good with Alexa to control my lights but need some tech skills to be able to open/close garage door and lock/unlock doors. Wish it worked better with my cell phone as a presence sensor but Life360 seems to be working instead.
I have used Samsung products before and while their hardware is awesome their software is the worst Foolish vendor lock-in, before you can login or create an account Samsung forces you to install their browser. I have used Samsung products before and while their hardware is awesome their software is the worst. This is just another example of the same.
battery backup feature is great. installing new items requires you to move the ... tough to figure out and certainly not user friendly to do anything other than a few pre-programmed tasks. battery backup feature is great. installing new items requires you to move the hub right next to it.
Product returned I returned the product. Did not need it after all.
And Alexa is useless unless you want to play game No manual on how it works. Need to go on line and search but 9 times out of 10 gives no solution. When set up to recognize I’m back doesn’t work. Things are 50/50 on working. Setting them up frustrating. And Alexa is useless unless you want to play game. For security look elsewhere.
The product loves to die just outside warranty, so ... The product loves to die just outside warranty, so plan on spending $100 every 13 to 28 months.When working it does okay.Will probably lower rating to one star if the replacement requires setting up everything from scratch.
the Samsung hub is actually fairly easy to configure The app is just OK, the Samsung hub is actually fairly easy to configure, I'm now looking for more uses and devices to buy to link up to it.
Five Stars Works very well
Junk! Sent Back! I did all the resets, all the blogs, YouTube and friends advice, but this would not find any Zwave items in my house. My ADT hub and my old Honeywell alarm hub finds them in seconds. I disconnected everything and reconnected to this hub but nothing. I finally got tired after the newest update that I thought would fix the issue, but to no avail. Thanks to Amazon for allowing and keeping everything returnable up to January 31st if bought from November 2nd of last year or I would have been stuck. I "NEVER" liked anything Samsung offers after all of the junk they use to sell back in the 70's and 80's. I will keep up that tradition of avoiding their products.
Unreliable, poor UI. Update (down to one star): even worse problems, unfortunately designed this way - consider this common scenario: your set a light (or scene of lights) to turn on when a motion sensor starts, and off after motion stops, as I've done for my yard lights.I just discovered that these bright lights have been on for 10 hours because the hub missed the stop signal from the motion sensor.Missing a signal shouldn't be such a problem, but the UI only has logic to "turn off only after receiving a stop signal" (with an optional time extension like 10 minutes). If the stop signal is missed, the lights will stay on forever.A much more reasonable and reliable way to run this logic is "turn these lights on with motion" and "leave them on for 10 minutes after the last motion start signal".Motion sensors generate many start signals with motion but end with only one stop signal, so depending on that single stop signal is a problem.There's so many obvious ways these common problems could be avoided, and it makes no sense that SmartThings hasn't thought of them or implemented them. For instance, these sensors could also be queried to verify the state which the hub thinks they are in.Typical engineering solutions without checking to see if they're really solving instead of creating problems. Can be solved with code, so this is a product for programmers, or users that are entertained thinking this is magic, or just very tolerant.---===---The SmartThings app UI is poorly designed - out-of-box experience is that you have to leave the app to create an account. Yet it has to be done in the mobile browser. There is no desktop functionality, via the web or an app. The mobile app is clunky and ugly.Once back in the app the functionality is limited. For instance, lights can only be turned on and off - not dimmed. I'd like to create a "Movies" scene with some dim lights, but not possible (without writing my own routines, using other apps, IFTTT). These and other common needs should've been obvious to implement.If Samsung can't even get the simple stuff right, forget about such niceties as cloning a scene (say perhaps copy the "Movies" scene and tweak it for "Dining" without having to add and set each light from scratch again).Even if the aesthetics were nice and the functionality was good, the system is unreliable. This hub doesn't retry a light when it fails to turn. Worse yet, and inexplicably, it doesn't even report that a light failed to turn. For instance, my "leave" scene specifies all six lights off, and inevitably there's always one or two left on. If I don't check each light myself, they will be left on all day. It's not good enough to check the app, because sometimes the reported state isn't correct as well. Sometimes there are large delays, commands get stuck and queued-up, which makes it even more confusing.No way this should this hub be used on anything that needs to be reliably set - I will not allow it to control my locks, garage opener, or appliances. I had these same devices on an Aeon z-wave controller which was reliable.One more big problem - the hub should be "centrally located" amongst the devices it controls, but it also needs to be near the router since it's not wireless (unbelievable nowadays). Fine if your router happens to be in the center of your house, otherwise you have to choose between stringing an ethernet cable and sacrificing range (which further degrades the already poor range and reliability).After years of hype and development, the smart home is still generally for techies and evangelists. Too unreliable and primitive for most others. This hub doesn't change that - it's basically just a $100 useless toy.Giving this hub an extra star because it's not completely broken and does some things it says it can do. For instance, there's some useful and thoughtful utilities like the general z-wave exclusion so old devices don't have to be reset before being paired with this controller/hub.
Waste of money Worked well for the first few days but now wont work with google home mini even though Google says its turned off the lights, the lights remain on. Waste of money!
works good once you get it figured out Seems to work good so far unless you have to reset it. Then it is not simple to just reset and use again because it still is attached to your stuff in your house, even if it doesn't show that it is. So you have to figure out how to reset all that and it's a pain in the butt. Once you figure it all out it works good
Very easy to set up and run Recently purchased. So far I'm very pleased with how easy it is to work with.
Five Stars Great!
Does exactly what it needs too, but not incredibly fancy. So far I've had relatively good luck with the hub. Samsung has support for a bunch of different devices, but then again support for other very common devices on the market currently doesn't exist. It is nice that you can create your own device handlers, but not intuitive for those who don't understand programming. There are times when the hub will push a notification that it's offline which is kind of annoying. Especially when many smart home things rely on this hub to be online at all times.
Smartthings work great Setup was a breeze. Used for Christmas automation. No longer hitting 20 switches/remotes. All I do now is tell Alexa to turn Christmas on.
Useless when cloud services are down and they're constantly down The hub requires the smart things cloud service to work. It is constantly down or partially down, making the device useless. I am currently researching other hubs because this is getting worse as time goes on.
I'm sure the products are great but I gave up and returned no matter what I tried I could not get this to connect to my app. I'm sure the products are great but I gave up and returned it
Best Smarthings Hub Required solution to connect all your smart home solution.There are many ways to connect you smart solutions and Samsung is the best option in the market.There is a huge number of people using so you always find a way to connect your solutions.Today I have my thermostat, garage door, lights, door lock, smoke detector, etc.
Controls lights & outlets most of the time Smartthings has been going down a lot lately globally, making nothing work for brief periods of time.This is my second hub, and I have figured out a way to control both as if they were one through the Smartthings app, ActionTiles, and Alexa using Tasker for Android with SharpTools plugin.
expensive piece of bad tech First it took a long time of rebooting, resetting and such to even get it to work at all.Next I had to deal with a network failure caused by it going to battery backup.The plug was switched off and after about an hour on battery it shutdown the ethernet port.Even after plugging it back in it took another 2 hours of rebooting, and resetting.Yes, I followed all their procedures and such, many, many times.Glad it recovered at all honestly as I thought it was bricked for sure.Then I had phantom devices you can't remove from the app.Was a bad light bulb stuck in the app. I could not delete it.There is a webpage that is not obvious to log in to where you can do more and remove faulty devices.Then smartthings had an outage.Their web outage is apparently MY outage when none of my bulbs will work remotely, nor can you dim or undim at all, and my door wont unlock or lock remotely.They do have an outage webpage too as well as notifications you can sign up for.My phone is on my home network and so is the smartthings hub.Why when everything is on my home network do I have to rely 100% on an outside web service?Somebody at Samsung please fix this crap.Overall this hub is an expensive piece of bad tech.I would highly recommend seeking another solution.
Reliability is a big issue with mine. First, I’m an IT guy so I of course love IoT and all tech things that can make my life easier. I originally purchased several different automation devices - WeMo switches, Lifx Bulbs, Lutron Caseta, TP-Link bulbs and a bunch Insteon in wall switches as well as sensors. I eventually settled on Insteon. It was and is still extremely reliable with a broad range of products. I’ve seen very few outages and it works very well with Alexa. I didn’t initially land on SmartThings, because dollar for dollar for the different supported devices, Insteon was less expensive. I also didn’t know enough about Z-wave or ZigBee and the numerous devices already out.Recently, I had some Somfy shades installed with Zwave integration and the main option was of course SmartThings. Unfortunately, while they can be added to ST, you need a custom device handler and they have yet to work as well as I want them to. In any case, this opened my eyes to what ST can potentially do. Through community developed apps I’ve integrated my Nest, Amazon Echos, bridged my Insteon devices, Lifx and TP Link bulbs and even added my Plex server.BenefitsSeveral different standards and integrations - Z-Wave, ZibBee, WiFI / IP devices - you’re not limited to just what you see in SmartThings market place, there are many more devices.Community created integrations - There’s just so many out there, it’s crazy. If there’s an API, somebody will write an integration for it.DrawbacksUnstable and un-reliable platform. Since installing the SmartThings Hub I’ve had 5 major outages (not in my home) in less than 30 days for long periods. As I write this, my system is down yet again.Poor Integration within the same eco system and company - One would think that Samsung would make a better attempt to integrate their products with SmartThings. Align their roadmaps and slowly release capabilities and new features into their other products. Other than the name, they are basically separate companies. Casing point - I was going to buy a 2017 Samsung UHD TV thinking it would have some hooks to ST. No dice, only the 2016 versions had it and it was very, very limited.Community created integrations - while this a benefit, it is also can be a drawback in that this is not for the casual user. To implement a lot of these expanded capabilities, you need some decent technical knowledge. Very few things work well out of the box and require you to log in update say device drivers and/or apps.BlueTooth - I as well as many, many people in the ST community have been waiting for this feature to be turned on. It seems like it could be a game changer, but after several releases, it doesn’t seem to be a priority for ST.Bottomline - if you’re comfortable and like technical challenges, go with ST. If you want a simple, reliable system then go with something like Insteon.
Not worth the money and disappointing Is there something less than one star? Amazon should remove this item or provide a tech to come reconfigure this hub every other month. It had gone down AGAIN.Does not play well with Alexa. Often goes off line. Very disappointing. Samsung usually has better products. Buy something else or spend all your time configuring and reconfiguring this hub.
One Star Nope. Unreliable and becoming irrelevant. Too often you get “can’t connect “ or other errors.
Design flaw or popr equipment ? It can't be It shouldn't be a technical challenge, especially with my background Item sold by Portable World. Item arrived well packaged but with factory seals broken ( not intact ) Used item, returned item? Have no idea. All item were in package so after some thought decided to give it a try. Batteries inserted, plugged in and powered up all light worked as expected per literature. The hub wasn't visible to the Samsung app not would it accept the supplied password. Went through the resetting procedure again without luck. Handed it off to my son ( just for another perspective) he had the same luck. Then we both went trough it together, not hard to do there's not much to the process. Still no go. In comparison setting up the Philips Hue which though more complicated was easier but only does lights. SoI have decided to send it back and rethink the Zwave option for in home technology
Five Stars A+
Great product works all the time Great product works all the time. Updated when new software is available and resets it self and sends messages to you.
open saysame It makes my door open
Easy to setup Easy to setup, got my Zigbee dimmer switch and bulbs working in no time. Only complaint is that it disconnected from the network once, and I had to reset the hub for it to start working correctly again.
Perfect for any smart home Amazing product. I love how easy it was to set up and how many different devices I could connect to it.
Works well. So many reviews, what more can be said. This hobby is addictive and can get expensive, but is very fun.
I really enjoy this hub I really enjoy this hub. It's very versatile, comparable with so many devices and I cannot say enough good things about their customer service. It's great! You will not be disappointed!
An Excellent Choice for the Internet of Things (IoT) So, far -- so excellent!I am glad I chose Samsung over the other brand hubs for the IoT devices in my home. The deciding factor was the hub's ability to communicate with BOTH Z-Wave and Zigbee. Although I definitely prefer Z-Wave protocol, it is reassuring to have a device that will work well with Zigbee devices in the event I need a specialized IoT device that is not available in the Z-Wave protocol.As of today's date, I've used this product for about 90 days, and there have been no material, workmanship or operational issues.
Three Stars It has compatibility issues with brands like yeelight, which I want to use.
Like having the Force or a Butler around the house Philthy reviews... The device that turns on his house lights when it's pitch black and the switch is on other side of roomPhilthy cuts to the chase....and says Click to buy to have Alexa start controlling more than ordering Doritos or playing MC Hammer..I mean NSYNC...no I mean Miley...wait Maroon 5...that's it.This is a hub. That means it's the brains but not the limbs. You need other things to control the lights etc. As a hub you have many other choices like Wink or Amazon but I opted for Samsung. Brand loyalty I guess. But coupled with the switch it works wonders. Next up is a thermometer.
Do NOT buy Incompetent support. Horid product. I wasted too much time and money on the hub and related devices.
Five Stars A must if you automating home with smartthings
Five Stars Amazing device and a lot of fun. No end to what you can do.
Easy to get into home automation with this hub. Sets up fairly easily and controls a whole lot of other devices. Integrates with Amazon Alexa well also.
Five Stars Works day in and day out with no reliability issues so far. 2 months in service so far.
Limited Limited products supported. Sold with my Echo show, but it is not compatible with Alexa. Gave it away, couldn't find any one to buy it.
Got it but don’t really use it. I have ... Got it but don’t really use it. I have the hue bridge doing what I already need to be done.
so far this has been a great replacement with zero Purchased to replace the wink home hub v.1 which was awful....so far this has been a great replacement with zero issues
... did integrate my cameras to it and that was easy. Have not really put it to test yet but did integrate my cameras to it and that was easy.
GREAT CHOICE - easy to set up and use - grows with your Smart additions JUST installed and haven't fully explored all the potential yet, but so far so good! After a lot of research on how best to about bringing our home into the "smart" direction, and realizing that we would need some sort of 'hub' to accomplish what we wanted to do (voice commands for everything via Echo) this was the "Smart" choice.Easy set up, and easy to use, even for newbies to the smart stuff, like me, who tend to not be the brightest when it comes to technology.As homes are trending towards this technology, and more and more products become available AND affordable, the Samsung SmartThings Hub will be able to handle it. It will grow with the addition of other smart additions we plan on making down the road (door locks, security system).. and enhances our existing Echo products even further by optimizing voice commands to include our new smart lighting and smart thermostat, as well as our existing smart TV's.Small and white - so will blend in with most home décor and not be obvious. It is required to be hooked up to your modem, so take that into consideration. Comes with all cords needed and easy to follow instructions.
Cool product. But had to learn patience Cool product . But had to learn patience.
Excellent Support I recently migrated from ADT Pulse to SmartThings for all my home automation needs. SmartThings allows for more integration of products and has so many more standard features. The great part is that you have an active community to ask questions and get help when stuck with a problem.
Works like a charm Samsung makes high quality products. This is one example. Works like a charm
great buy and happy to give the gift of a ... Works very well, great buy and happy to give the gift of a Smart Home.
Device still needs major improvement. Like the device but a outage that lasted for several days caused by Samsung problems has tarnished my opinion. For something that wants to serve as a Hub for a myriad of devices, it has to be more reliable.
Great product. Works exactly as described. Hue lights, micro switch for fan and ecobee thermostat all work from phone, tablet and echo/Alexa. Looking forward for my next "thing".
simple set up and compatible with a wide range of smart home products Arrived quickly, simple set up and compatible with a wide range of smart home products.
... have bought this hub for home automation and works great, I can do a lot of scenes using ... I have bought this hub for home automation and works great, I can do a lot of scenes using the linked devices.
Two Stars app for iOS is sucks.
Works great, easily links to the various smart devices I ... Works great, easily links to the various smart devices I have. I think all of the device I have attached are Zwave so far, bu they work great.
This hub recognizes both the Samsung lights as well as ... This hub recognizes both the Samsung lights as well as the Sengled lights and also picked up all of the Hue bulbs connected to my Hue hub.
Endless Customization, Home Automation at its Best! The hub was a snap to setup, and works with all of my smart home gadgets. My Schlage lock isn't compatible with the hub for lock codes, but that is what introduced me to the wonder of the SmartThings forums. There are custom apps and device handlers for almost anything! Not only did I get my lock setup, complete with logging/code creation/burner codes/etc, but I was able to setup a Raspberry Pi relay to open/close my garage right from the SmartThings app. The customization ability is really endless! My only knock on the hub is that some of my devices show up as "unavailable" in the app from time to time. Typically this happens to my wifi smart plugs, and it's not terribly frequent.
Good, still quirky I've used a few different home automation hubs including older models of Smarrtthings and all of them are quirky. Smartthings is quirky as well, but the latest model is less quirky than others. It looks like since Samsung took over there is less user created content which is disappointing. In terms of what is out there now, Smarrtthings is the tops and best in my opinion. None are perfect, they all still seem to be evolving. The zigbee and zwave are becoming more standardized which will help quite a bit. In my opinion, there isn't a home automation hub on the market today that is without quirks, Smartthings makes it more livable and functional though.
Terribly unreliable, wast of time tech I can guarantee these things wont be around long. Terribly unreliable, wast of time tech. Constant errors, disconnects, delays... Save your money and wait 'till something reliable comes along as it always does.See reviews below if you need more convincing...
Five Stars excelent
Let me start the review by saying I have worked ... Let me start the review by saying I have worked in IT for the last 30 years. I've had the Smartthings Hub v2 since April, 2017. Although it seemed to work most of the time, there have been intermittent problems with devices going off-line, being unavailable and having incorrect status displayed in the app.Tonight I am, despite restarting the hub, restarting my network infrastructure (i.e. routers, switches etc.), unable to control my devices.I'm done. This was supposed to make things easier. Instead it has been a total exercise in frustration.
Best of Smartthings products Always ON even if there is no internet for a while. It take around 2 seconds to go online.
Do not buy if firmware not updated Returned because a firmware update broke interconnection between Samsung TV (I have a 8000 series). Samsung knows about it since fall and no fix yet.
Love it, was using a Vera Plus Love it, was using a Vera Plus, was having loads of issue with it... But since i've switched to Smartthings, everything is working great, a bit of a learning curve to program my scenes.... Would be nice if Samsung would do an web user interface not just the api....
Work great as my 2nd one Work great as my 2nd one. However, there will be some mysteries or conspiracies of why it will stop functioning completely after few years of operation. It seems to me a control server having capability of switching off if I upgrade the firmware several times. None of the ICs was damage but it will reject to operate as usual.
Good if you have existing smart devices requiring a central hub. I have several Z-wave devices and got a Z-wave compatible door lock so I decided to purchase the hub. For me, it works great. If I were looking to purchase, I would ask myself whether this is the way to proceed. It seem like the cheaper devices now being marketed do no require the hub and are not compatible with the hub. If I had to guess, the future is hub-less, with the competition being which technology/app will win out. I don't have high expectations for the longevity of Z-wave and similar technologies.
Pretty good....RBoy smart apps makes it better! I originally had some issues getting the hub to connect (got the flashing blue light) and stay connected to my network but after a phone call to customer support we got it working. But, this was not plug and play for me so I take a 1/2 star for that. I only have a single device currently, the Schlage BE469 lock. This paired immediately and gave me basic control...but who wants just basic control when you can have it ALL? Not me!!Actually the whole point of the lock and hub for me was to manage a remote lock at our vacation rental 90 miles away....so I needed a way to manage the lock from afar. It *seems* like there are two options for this (its confusing on the ST forums so I might be wrong)....but the RBoy name kept popping up. So I shelled out the $35 for a lifetime supply of RBoy apps, followed their instructions for installing the Smart App lock manager and device handler and absolutely LOVE it.The only thing I'll take another 1/2 star for is that ST does not yet allow the smart apps to do local processing....come on Samsung, this is HUGE!! So the RBoy lock manager let's me set a code that begins working at 3:00 on some date and expires after 12:00 noon on a later day, which is SUPER cool....and it works....as long as you have internet at those specific times/dates. I know you need internet to set up the schedule, but it should be allowed to store that on the hub and then execute locally without need for internet. Even if it could pre-fetch 24-48 hours worth of scheduled tasks would give me a little peace of mind.
If SmartThings would do a better job at integrating WiFi devices I would absolutely love ... If SmartThings would do a better job at integrating WiFi devices I would absolutely love it. As it stands it is very lacking in that department, but it is still a solid device.
Smart things was too inconsistent I sent it back. I’ll try again in a couple years and hope that they or some other company have addressed the bugs and disconnection issues.My wemo switches, working through my phone app, have been bulletproof so far. Smart things was too inconsistent.