Love this! I can now turn on/off my wall switch from Google or ECHO. Works fantastic, and easy to install.
Check before purchasing Just because the bulbs are markded dimmable does not mean it will work with this switch. The fans I intended to make dimmable require A19 GU24 bulb type. WEMO Dimmer switches only work with few select dimmable bulbs. 3 hours on Internet and have not been able to locate a compatible bulb.
Setup difficult or impossible Even though the product description says that it works with Apple Homekit, I received the first generation product, which does not. Returned it and finally obtained Gen2 by ordering it through Apple. Have now spent 2+ hours trying to connect it to WiFi and HomeKit without success. Returning it and will try a different product.
Prong Bent after 5 Days of Use - Cheap The prong plugged into my phone bent within 5 days and it would no longer charge. I returned them. I have a feeling all the positive reviews for this product are fake.
DO NOT BUY! Optimistically believing that wemo, a name brand in this industry would make quality plugs, I was mistaken. This plug took 30 mins to complete the initial setup and wouldn't allow me to pair it to my hidden WiFi network even though all the details were correct, it responded very slowly when pushing its button or using the app on the same network and it required me to factory reset the plug Everytime we lost power because it refused to reconnect to my wifi causing me to have to waste 45 mins trying to reset and put it back on my wifi. I even tried their customer service for help but the agent I spoke to flat out told me that he has never hear of this problem before and recommended I keep on resetting my switch every power outage. I could not recommend that you DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT enough. This is a waste of your money, especially when there are much cheaper and more reliable solutions out there.
Wemo app could be better The product works as said. Wish the wemo app was more intuitive and load faster
Unusable I ordered this because of the Amazon SMART10 promotiopn. It was cheap. The device feels sturdy enough. The App was easy enough to use... to a point.I could not get the device to connect to my Wifi network. In searching the Wemo Community I discovered that the device can not tolerate an SSID with special characters like spaces, which I have. They also recommend disabling the 5G band of dual band routers. I am not about to reprogram what is probably dozens of devices. I am not giving up my 5G band.This feels like a half-baked product that Belkin is trying to unload at fire-sale prices hoping to recover at least some of their investment from people who will not want to be bothered returning it for just ten bucks.
Buy something else Let me start off by saying I've got a ton of wifi and IoT devices in my home, 5 or 6 different brands of smart plugs.I don't quite understand why Wemo has such a brand presence in the IoT space. Their devices are clumsy and I find myself fighting against them rather than them making my life easier.If you have a router that merges your 2.4 and 5Ghz signals under one SSID (If you don't see 5g or 2.4 in your network name, this might mean you), this device can be difficult to set up. The plug only works on 2.4 like most IoT devices, but appeared to not be able to find that signal while my phone was connected to the 5G signal. Took a lot of work to get it set up, not something I think Mom would be able to setup, which is my rule of thumb for set experience.Once setup, the plug has trouble staying connected to my network. My router can dynamically change wifi channels to avoid interference, which isn't a problem for 99% of devices. This one however, disconnect and won't reconnect until I power cycle it, kinda defeating the purpose of having a smart plug in the first place. I ended up having to disable that feature on my router to work around their poor wifi implementationNext, the physical design of the device is a little bulky for my usage. It can block other plugs in the same outlet.And finally, why is this so expensive?? If you made it this far in my review, go buy 2 or 3 smart plugs elsewhere for the same cost.I left 2 stars here because after fighting with it so much, it works fine. It doesn't look pretty and I would never buy another, yet it stays plugged in, hidden behind furniture.
Easy to use and install Had the item for few months now. It was easy to install and it fit great. Pairing was easy and i didn't have any issues to get it started. Been using it with the app and with alexa and it is very smooth. It hasn't disconnected at all and works as expected.
Cumbersome set up cumbersome to set up. Must download the mfg app, set it up, join wifi, link back to Echo. Instructions not intuitive. Seems like I had to do everything two or three times before I found the setup instructions hidden in the inner flap of the box. All this just to turn on a lamp. Not a better mouse trap. Lamp won't dim. Just on/off.
Review Thank you
useless I could never get it to work. Even a family member who is an IT professional gave up on it.
Stable Many of my many wifi devices are constantly loosing wifi connection and reconnecting or needing restart, etc. This is not one of them. All my WeMo seem to stay connected and just run as the should - trouble free. It's weird.
It never works. I tried to set up one with its iOS app. Following the steps on the App, it will eventually tell you the app lost connection to the device and ask you to reset it and redo the whole thing again. Then I tried the same steps 3 times, and with the last time, I put it next to my router. (because the FAQ says the router's signal may be too weak.)I have to give up and move on with my life.
Exceptionally easy to set up! I bought a second one after discovering how easy it was to set up.
Works Great I bought the Wemo Mini Plug 4 months ago and it works like a champ. The setup was so easy I don't even recall how I did it although the Wemo app is needed. I have my coffee pot plugged into it. All I have to do is tell Alexa to turn "Coffee On" before I get out of bed and it's hot, ready and waiting for me when I get to the kitchen. I can tell Alexa "Coffee Off" from either Echo and the coffee pot turns off every time. I'm retired so I have to watch the pennies; this was offered at $10 when purchased. I would buy more if it were cheaper. Thanks for a great product.
Control an outlet from anywhere! The outlet is well made and works great. It was easy to link with Alexa and the internet.
Will no longer connect I wanted to love the device but unfortunately it only lasted a week. It will no longer connect to my WiFi. It worked great at first but dead now.
Easy to install. Easy to install and use. Work perfect. Great choice.
Love it!!!!! Great. So convenient. I can turn the living room lights off when I have gone to bed. Also it makes me feel relaxed that if I heard a strange noise in the middle of the night I can put the lights on remotely.
Returned Did not work
So far, so good...oops, spoke too soon. Original review was Four Stars, and follows this update, which is just a few days later....So, as noted below, after some struggles, I did manage to get it connected. BUT, it won't power my heater! It is supposed to, but, today, it started overheating and turning itself (and my heater) off. I woke up freezing cold, and saw that it was off, and learned, via a message in the app, that this stupid plug just overheats and shuts itself off! What it the point?! Very fed up now with Wemo.Switch was also making electrical crackling sounds, not good. Fire hazard, for sure!I am returning it, and don't care to try another one. I have ordered one of the units from TP-Link, and I'll see how that does. I did not order one of their "Mini" ones, since maybe they are too fragile for a space heater, but, if that's the case, then these companies should be forthright and state, up front, that the small versions are only for a 4 watt lamp, or whatever the limit is.I found many similar complaints about this useless plug, the overheating problem, and apparently it comes down to a defective unit, since some can power a heater, just fine, and others, like mine, overheat and shut down.Lousy quality control, minimal customer help, fire hazard, all bad. I'm done with Wemo.ORIGINAL REVIEW, a few days previous....Back in 2016, I ordered a Wemo Smart Plug, just to be able to remotely turn on the space heater at home, so my apartment would be nicely warmed up for my arrival, in winter. It worked so well I bought a second one, to do the same at my office. They were the "full size" ones, not a Mini version.As usual, this year, I did not use them over the summer, at all, and have only just now needed them again. This year, the one at the office still works great, but, to my great frustration, the one at home simply refused to work anymore, and I wasted hours following every procedure I could find, to no avail. Wemo does a horrid job, in my opinion, on simplifying use and troubleshooting of these products. You have to hunt through basically other customer experiences and what they did, and the app itself now doesn't even have built-in help, but instead kicks you over to your browser to try and find any solution and you can't even connect to the Internet while trying to set up this thing.For me, my original less-than-clever plug would not connect to the app anymore, and would also not do anything else after reset, it just blinked orange and would do nothing more, and refused to even go into pairing mode. I finally took a hammer to it, and felt much better!BUT, based on how well it worked, when it did work, and based on my office one still working great, two years on, I opted to try Wemo again, this time selecting this Mini version, because it doesn't block the other outlet of the wall plug.At first, I was getting frustrated again, and nearly reached for the trusty hammer, but it WOULD at least go into pairing mode, although it would not complete the set-up. Turns out that smart phones now annoy the smart plug, so I had to change settings on my phone so that no other network would interfere during the set up process. I just turned off 4G, and deleted all networks but one, so that the fussy little plug could complete the set up process.Then, the app promptly forgot or deleted the plug, and it was gone, and I had to start over. As my hand almost involuntarily started creeping toward the hammer handle, I paused, took a deep breath, and began from the beginning. This time, I knew what to do at least, deleted all my networks but one, turned off 4G, let it set itself up, then added one network back to my phone, so it could talk to the plug, and, voila! Plug showed up in the app and works perfectly to turn the heater on and off.So, definitely a star lost for very poor assistance with these things. I never did figure out why the other one stopped working, and, with this one, I was entirely on my own to figure out why it would not initially set up, beyond the mention of some "auto connection" feature on my phone, which I turned off, but which made no difference.Just using guesswork, I figured too many available networks was confusing the not-so-smart plug, and that turned out to be the case. But, VERY frustrating process, and there just is not readily available (or easily applicable) help from Wemo on their products, which seems ridiculous to me, and likely is behind some of the many negative reviews.I know there are a lot of phones and a lot of networks out there, but it seems somebody could make a product that connects more easily, or at least offer some step by step guides for troubleshooting, or something. I'm no tech or computer guy, so I probably don't have a clue how difficult that is to accomplish, and it's likely a case where it's best to just be thankful for a product that can miraculously turn on my heat from anywhere on earth (if my Internet is working, at least) but I can see where folks would give up on products like this, that are just so frustrating sometimes and refuse to do what they are supposedly made to do.This is certainly as deep as I'll ever dive into "smart" products, and, no thanks, don't need my fridge monitoring me or microphones and cameras surveilling my every move. I guess people raised in this nightmare era of social media don't think it's a big deal (despite all that goes wrong due to broadcasting one's life incessantly), but, yup, a semi-smart plug is about all I want to deal with in terms of the Internet of Things or whatever it is called.So, a star off for frustrations, but, I will say, regarding these, that when they work, they are a big help. I can figure out for myself when to order milk, but smart tech that lets me operate my heater from anywhere is pretty awesome, so four stars given, and deserved, in that regard.I do recommend, but hide your hammer, because frustrations may come along with this item and help is definitely not easy to find.
Excelente. Excelente
Not Smart Plug I did not purchase this through Amazon but at Costco. I returned the two-pack Wemo “dumb” plugs because they failed overnight! Horrible device. Loses connection immediately! Do Not. Buy !
Doesn't work It appears I got one with an old firmware. I can't even update it, no light blinking, etc. Garbage.
Even more useful and easy to use than I thought The Good:The great thing about this is that you don't need to buy all these expensive hubs and the like in order for this thing to work. Originally, I thought hey, it's worth checking it out and seeing what it's like. The plan was to use this for a lamp that we normally turn on when away, but seeing how great it is and all the options and timers and so on... I was like why not set the lamp that my grandma turns on and off everyday from sunset until bedtime. She has limited mobility and it's hard for her reach the switch, so this is great!!! What's even better based on your location it will calculate when sunset is and would turn on the light automatically.The app is very easy to use. (And I believe no internet connection is needed if you want to access it locally). With WiFi (no hubs or any extra devices needed), you can access from anywhere.Also works with Apple Home and quite a few others.The cons:It was a little troublesome setting up the outlet with Apple Home. You have limited accessibility. But, the good thing is we have a 4th gen Apple TV which you can use as a hub for all the smart devices (you can also use an iPad that is usually home as a hub as well). The trouble of course was on Apple's restrictions rather than this device itself.Tips:If you're connecting this with Apple Home, make sure the devices (i.e. iPad, Apple TV, or Apple speaker) have the same iCloud login for set up. (My dad was logged into the Apple TV, hence the connectivity problem).Using an Apple TV or iPad is not required, but if you have one might as well set it up. If set up via Apple Home with the extra at home Apple device serving as a hub, you can set rules for which devices to turn on and off depending on time of day, your location, when someone from the family arrives home, or when the last person leaves, the lights can be configured to turn on or off.I only received it yesterday, so hopefully it will continue to work! I think it was worth the "investment risk."
Bricks phone, can't connect. After restarting my phone, the smart plug to factory settings, the router, and reinstalling the wemo app, and following the instructions to a tee, as well as putting my phone less than a foot from both the wemo device and the router, just to see if that would work, the device chooses to be unable to connect to anything, and the app continuously re-opens on my phone, rendering my phone unusable in the process. I will be returning this and buying a competing product instead. I have many other wifi enabled smart devices (led bulbs, led strips) and they all connect and work all around the house.
Another Belkin Fail - Just a Terrible Company! I have many times in the past said that I would never buy another Belkin product because they are cheaply developed and never perform with reliability. I read a lot of good reviews about the WeMo Mini so, against my past judgement, thought I'd give it a try. Couldn't have been more right about the company!From the very start of setup of the WeMo, I had issues with the app crashing on my phone. The app would come back on, crash, and then come back on again over and over. After trying many times, I finally got past that phase and got to the point of connecting the WeMo to my wifi network, which continuously said "Connecting to Network...please wait" until it timed out. This happened on multiple occasions. After yet another factory reset of the device, and reinstall of the app, it went right back to crashing and reopening over and over again.At this point, I frustratingly pulled the plug and immediately requested a return. It's not even worth my time and effort to call their customer support...especially when there are other smart plugs on the market that won't crash before the thing is even set up.Every time I give Belkin the benefit of the doubt and try one of their new products, I realize what a junk company they really are. I don't understand why they're still in business. One thing is for sure, they will never get mine ever again.
5 minutes to install. Works perfect I can’t understand some of the reviews for this but it took me 5 minutes to install and works flawlessly. I used wall switch to control street lights on my driveway.
Takes about 15 seconds to work This product worked great for about a month, then after that every time I tried to use it, it would do nothing for about 10 seconds then Alexa would tell me it's not responding and to check my network connection and power supply, then 5 seconds later it would actually work. Would not recommend.
At first great but then ... Bought one liked it so much bought two more ... after a year ... one went out won't connect, then a few months later the other and now the one that is Less than a year old is gone ... tried all the 'reset' tricks on their webpage ... nothing. Nothing in the setup changed there was no change in the internet service, the wifi router, etc they eventually just quit working and of course now they can't be returned $150+ down the drain and now I have to replace them with other timers/switches. High cost for low value.
JUNK and will not work long On second,device in 4 months. Paid Master Electrican to install. Junk should be taken off Amazon
Junk full of bugs Software hardware problems my 4 devices worked for a year. Never did firmware updates due to reviews then devices started the undercover nightmare. Restarted reset deleted app then did the firmware update now the rules stopped working.... junk Belkin should be ashamed!
Fast and easy wifi connection Work as expected, fast wifi connection
Anger at this convoluted piece of crap. Do not. I repeat do not change the network name to make it easier to discern between 2.4 & 5. Just don't do it!Guess what?2.5 months later and my cable modem is shot. Oh boy I hate this g-d system. I never should have gotten these switches.
1st generation! 1st generation! 1st generation! Go and purchase directly from apple if you are using HomeKit. It’s 1st generation, which need lots of work to connect and add to home kit
Good product. Works as advertised and app integrates easily with Alexa.
Inconsistent Performance for me. Installed the product and it worked initially. After awhile it didn't work anymore and I spent a lot of time on the phone with tech support. We were able to get it working again, but after a while it quit as before. After another iteration with tech support I was told I needed to change the channel on my Wi-Fi router (which is supplied by AT&T and I don't know how to change) in order to get consistent performance. What the thing does when it's working isn't worth the hassle and time I wasted on it, so now is junk.
Great product!! One of the best smart plugs . I downloaded the app to my celphone and everytime the power goes off My Wink stops so as soon as the power is restablish I just go to the Wemo app turn it on again and the Wink is ready.Good service.
The app is terrible The app only works when my phone is connected to the house's wifi. Every time we're coming home in the evening, it doesn't detect the switch so I can't turn on the light. The second my phone connects to the wifi though, it usually finds it which isn't super helpful unless I'm at home. Every time I need to use the app (which is when it's dark), it always seems to need a firmware update which then turns all the lights off.
Requires you run their app and share location data Belkin used to have a SDK where you could write your own software for these but it was discontinued last year. Even so given support for things like IFTTT I figured I would give the Insight Smart Plug a try as there is still a lot I could do with IFTTT.I didn't get past the setup, it requires you run their app (sin #1) and when I relented and installed their app it requires I give access to my location to setup the device (sin #2). When I click on the "why is location required" link inside their app they make up a BS statement about this being an Android P or Android O requirement "for apps to receive information about your network" (sin #3, if you read the Android developer documentation this became an OPTION with Android P/O, but Belkin did not have to use this option).I can mostly forgive letting the SDK die, I get it in that there are only a handful of us that really care about this. I can begrudgingly (while cursing Belkin under my breath) overlook using an App (rather than a web page) for setup, again they need to focus finite resources for the most common customer scenarios. But requiring location data then lying to me about why it's required while on the same page asking me to trust them that they'll keep my information safe?
More frustrating than turning on the lights yourself. When it works, it’s ok. But it is constantly needing to be re-set. Had this device for about a year. Have needed to re-sync it at least a dozen times now. Each reset takes 30min to an hour ...which adds up. All said and done it has been more inconvenient than convenient to own this smart plug. Compared the the smart lightbulb that came with my 2nd Alexa (i think made by hue) this thing is not worth a dollar.In summary, it disconnects all the time. Takes 30-60min to reset. And is more of a burden than a benefit. Buy a different plug.
Must have for the smart home Great little device that makes any appliance plugged into it smart. I have one on my bedside lamp and another on a fan I have bedside too. I don’t have to move out of my comfy position in bed to turn on and off the lamp at night, nor do I have to get out of bed to turn on and off the fan.
Turned into junk in only a week I ignored the negative reviews and bought two of these anyway. If you think only about your desire to have smart plugs and focus just on the positive reviews here, you will do so at your peril. Please learn from my mistake.These plugs set up relatively easy and worked ok for five days. Then they suddenly were "unavailable." I tried the factory reset, and nothing worked. They will not reconnect with my router. They have become fancy white paperweights. I'm going to try to send them back, even though I don't have all the packaging.You may think I'm a novice, and you have experience with routers, etc., and this won't happen to you. I thought the same thing. Perhaps this technology will reach the point where it's customer friendly and easy, but it's far from that now.Let the buyer beware.
Very difficult to set-up and complicated. Very hard to set-up with my home WiFi. Set-up two took hours to get them to work - finally got them to work. Minimized the time it took to set-up in my mind. Bought a third - could NEVER get that one to sync no matter how hard I tried. Returned that third one to Amazon.Then one of the working two quit working - could not get it back running!Went out and purchased a digital timer ($ 16.95) > easy to set-up, works like a dream! The only thing I can’t do is turn on and off with my phone.
Piece of Cake and work out of the box...a few steps to connect...and off you go! Easiest install ever!
Works well have two so far Works well simple to use app works with Alexa and timers are very nice to have
Hopeless The app is useless. Half the time it won’t register the plugs or switches we have. It won’t enable remote access no matter how many blogs I read or things I try. Try the new amazon ones instead maybe. Good luck
Forgot part of it's schedule after a month or so This worked for a while, so I was willing to over look how incredibly un-intuitive it's human interface is. Then it forgot when to turn off, for no apparent reason and I had to figure it all out again. I'll bet there are better choices.
great Great to have.
Doesn’t work like other Wemo devices I have 3 of these dimmer switches. All of them experience the same issue: every week or two, the app loses all recognition of the devices, and they start blinking red. You have to factory reset them, and completely re-install them in the app.I have had several Wemo outlet devices over the years, and they are stable. These dimmers just are flaky and unfortunately do not perform like you want them to.When they work they’re great, but I can’t recommend them. They are frustrating.Update 2 (10/21/18): Had to re-connect all dimmers again today. Will keep updating review, should be fun.
Only lasted a year I had purchased several of the larger Wemo smart plugs and when the mini smart plug came out, I was excited to try it. What a ripoff! It only lasted a little over a year and considering the high price, that's shameful. Spend your money elsewhere.
Old firmware We ordered this product, as we have several others at another home and have been very happy with them. My husband and I went back and forth trying to install and add it to our Wemo app. First, we discovered after contacting Wemo that the app is only good at one location, so I have to control existing switches on my app for one location and my husband had to delete the app with our existing switches for the other location from his phone and reinstall with only the new switch. Then he attempted to set an automatic schedule, working on it for far too long. After finally contacting Wemo for the 2nd time, it was determined that the switch delivered by Amazon had an old firmware version and we never would have been able to use the schedule feature without this 40 minute phone call, so if you purchase one and the scheduling feature doesn't work, call Wemo directly and have them update the firmware remotely.
Garbage I'm appalled this device is produced by Belkin. It's an absolute piece of garbage. I spent an hour on the phone with their tech support to no avail. Now an hour of wireless settings I need to reverse to get things secure and back as they were. Ugh.
Very convenient I love this product and I have recommended it to my friends. What I like most is the fact you don’t have to be home to turn on or off your exterior lights. You just use the app on your smart phone to turn them on or off,
Good Product It works fine
Beautiful, but not always functional. The Wemo dimmer is aesthetically pleasing. It has a very sleek designb and looks amazing once it is installed. The Alexa voice control feature worked great once it was set up. However, I may have gotten a defective unit. Since it was install in early July, this unit has frozen on me around 8 times already. It will randomly get stuck in its current state, so if you happen to have the light on at full brightness while this happens, it will remain that way until you flip the associated breaker as the electrical panel. None of the buttons seem to reset it and the only way is to go to your box and switch off the power supply and back on again. It's happened too many times and it is quite frustrating to have to do this every two weeks or so when it locks up.
Works great! We have this set up in our living room and have had it for a few months now. It’s super convenient and really helpful, we have amazon echos that connect great. But sometimes it does lag. Not sure if it’s our echo or the Wemo or if it’s just my internet . But sometimes I’ll have to repeat the command just once. It’s no big deal to me cuz it doesn’t happen often but just thought I’d mention that
DONT BUY THIS DIMMER Bought 10 of these for a new house we are building. Out of the box the app wouldnt dimm the lights. If we wanted dimming we had to go to the switch. Alexa cant seem to find these things at all, tech support is non existant. And the headache and cost of having the electrician come back and replacing these right now is impractical. Going to use them as regular switches for now but i could have done that for $1 each at the hardware store.TOTAL JUNK. BUYER BE WARE.
One is for our outside light which we setup through IFTTT to turn on/off at sundown/sunup which is excellent because we always forget to turn off the outside ... We ended up with five of these total in our house. One is for our outside light which we setup through IFTTT to turn on/off at sundown/sunup which is excellent because we always forget to turn off the outside light in the morning. Three of the others are in our kids bedrooms which is great. First, we added a timer so when the kids are not even in their room their lights don't stay on all day. Second, in the morning we can tell Alexa to turn on the kid's lights and we don't have to worry about waking them up. We also have one in our playroom (also with a timer) that can activate with one of our bedroom lights since the playroom is between a kid's bedroom and the bathroom and she needs the lights to get to the bathroom. We also set it up so that when our security system turns on after leaving the house all of the lights will turn off (because of course the kids left them on) and if the security alarm is triggered all of the lights turn on. I'm not going to lie, every time the timer turns the lights on and our young kids yelp a little in the dark it's funny.Setup is a little time consuming and if they disconnect from WiFi sometimes it takes a reset to get them back. Also, updates can be time consuming.
Poor tech support Failure within two years.
Multiple failures, finally removed Switch would occasionally freeze up requiring flipping of the circuit beaker. After months of this, perhaps ten freeze-ups, I removed from the wall and replaced with standard switch. I have other Wemo switches but the non-dimmer versions and they generally work just fine. The dimmer switch a different story.
Skip this product Constant connection issues. WeMo support very little help. Would save yourself the trouble and go with another brand. Take my advice
Stopped working with google assistant Out of the box it was very easy to install and started working with Google home assistant through a Google home Mini right away without any problems for several weeks. Occasionally there was a delay (several seconds) when telling google to turn on the light. No big deal, it was still worth it. As i mentioned, all was well and good for several weeks. Then out of the blue it stopped working with Google Assistant. It still works with the WeMo app but it will not work with Google Assistant. I've spent hours rebooting, updating apps, uninstalling and reinstalling apps (wemo app, google home app, etc). Very very frustrating. The whole reason we bought this light switch was for use with google home. Now it is worthless.Hours of research online leads me to believe that there was a firmware update that broke everything. Meaning there is nothing i can do to fix it. Do not buy this if you want to use it with google assistant. The product description is now false advertising.
Four Stars Works great
Buy from another manufacturer that backs up their product. Purchased this product approx 6 months ago, was working fine. Last week it would not stay connected. Tried calling tech support, stayed on hold several times for over 30 mins, no one ever answered. It was a good product for a few months, but for the money, it should last a lot longer if not for a duration of infinity. Then, if something goes wrong, you would think (as their literature exclaims, support 24/7) someone would at least answer the phone. At this point, do not recommend.
Along with the companion app, its a great solution Perfect switch for outdoor lights - along with the rules feature of the wemo app, I dont have to worry about forgetting to turn on and off the porch, driveway lights!
Overheats, melts and ruins your appliances Been using this for a few months; however, it keeps overheating. I just thought it was a safety feature. Upon inspection, it turns out that Wemo itself is cracking and melting and causing the overheating. I wished I looked at it sooner, so I could have return it. Now my AC’s plug is destroyed and I’m afraid to use the AC now.Buy at your own risk.
Cool Fun to use
So many applications. Swamp cooler & Lights I now have four of these switches. I use them primarily for my swamp coolers. They really helped me save some money on my energy usage. I ain't connected them through my Nest Thermostat using if this then that. If my home goes above 72 my swamp cooler kicks on, if it goes below 68 it turns off.I can also override that with time of day controls to ensure it's not running while we are out of the house. I could also use a proximity alert to turn it on when I come home. All in this is automated my home even further.I also use it as light switches at my Airbnb where I can control lights and make it look like someone's home even when it's vacant.Oh I can also turn off my swamp cooler when people leave my Airbnb. Just open up my phone and turn it off.It works very very well.one side note is a can lose connectivity with the phone on occasion and must be manually turned on or off to reboot
Excellent product I have been using this item for few months, to control living room lights, with Alexa. It works pretty good, even remotely, by the means of the app.
Great customer service I had a very frustrating time trying to set this up to work with Homekit. Was ready to send it back when I decided to call WeMo help. They answered within 1 minute (unheard of today). The young lady talked me through the difficult (for me) process of updating the firmware to allow it to work with Homekit. After about 15 minutes of very patient step by step conversation the update was complete and all was well with Homekit. I would certainly purchase another after this incredible customer service experience.
It works with Alexa...sometimes We have several Mini plugins and light switches. When they work, smiles all around. But we frequently, very frequently, get “not responding” replies from Alexa. Sometimes, a second request to turn it on works. The iOS app is no help at all in reestablishing contact with the unit. The app is just about useless for everything. When a unit shows “not detected” there is no way to fix the connection. So it’s not just Alexa. I haven’t tried their product support. I don’t hold out much hope there.
Works great I really like the wemo smart plug once its set up its easy to use
It doesn't work!!!!! I tried to connect it following the instruction and it just kept saying "trying to connect". I even tried different phones to connect it is not working!!! So frustrated.
Garbage! Don’t waste your time unless you have time to waste! Spent weeks trying to get this thing to work. I see now why you were so inexpensive. Don’t frustrate yourself with this piece of garbage, just throw it away!
Pain in the A This product is a pain to set up, It says it successfully connected to my Wifi network but shows offline, and it use to work. The app will sometimes not even let you select your wifi network during setup. Rendering this device useless.\Product no longer works as of 10 months after purchase
Does not work in my house. I live in an older home and have had problems with wireless in the past so I expected this. BUT I gave one to my folks and it also stopped working..newer home, one level. It seems that when ever there is an update it stops works. You have to uninstall and reinstall. Too much work for me. Not happy.
Works Great with Latest iPhone iOS I am using this with iOS 12 without any issues. I found that I needed to remotely control a security DVR in order to reset it at times. So far, this has worked flawlessly!
I like the flexible scheduling and the integration with voice assistants I now have four of these controlling devices in my home. I like the flexible scheduling and the integration with voice assistants.
Not worth the money Difficult to set up. Stopped working a little after one year. Bought other smart plugs that were a lot less expensive with easy setup and still working.Tried to call customer service, never got through. They hung up the first time, when I called the second, they said they were closed although it was still 45 minutes before their business hours ended for the day.Waste hours trying to reset this after it stopped working. Going into the trash and getting myself more of the others that I purchased.I should have read the reviews before buying. Very disappointed.
Don't waste your money. We have had this product for three and a half months. It only works about half the time. It's very frustrating for a product that won't connect to the Wi-Fi, and therefore there's no way to turn your lights on. It seems like it worked fairly well when we first got it, but now it's rarely working. I know it's not our Wi-Fi since it did work fine for the first couple of weeks, we have troubleshooted the issues and my husband works in this line of work. I think the product has gone bad. I would not recommend wasting your money on this particular brand.
Stay away from anything made by Belkin Everything from Belkin is literally garbage. Everything is great when it all works but as soon as something goes wrong then you have to spend multiple days trying to reconnect the thing to the dang internet. I will never buy another product from this company. Their native app kept crashing while I tried to reconnect it. I reset it I over 50 times and it still refused to connect. It works great unless you kill the power to it for even .2 seconds, then it becomes a $30 brick because it will not connect to the internet. This product is trash, the company is trash, and their app is, of course, trash.
Wemo is an awesome product! I've been using these with my Echo Dot for about a year now. They are connected to most of my lamps and work GREAT!!!
A bit high in price for this product, but works good. It is a good switch to use for a smart home if you just wanted to do a room or two in them. My only problem with the device is that Alexa sometimes rarely can't find it on my wifi.
Wemo Dimmer WiFi Light Switch, Works with Alexa and the Google Assistant It works, and it's a great dimmer switch in general, but I kind of found it to be a pain to operate with the phone and Alexa.
Using these remotely works great BUT..... I travel a lot and have the ability to control lights, fans and de-humidifiers from anywhere in the country remotely.I have the wemo mini-switch and the next size up. In the event you encounter an internet issue or power outage, the wemo switch works like a charm, the wemo insight can be problematic, as you lose the ability to control your devices remotely.Note if your insight is on a schedule, it should be fine, but I can't afford to take any chances, and need the most reliable product, which for me would be the Wemo mini smart plug. Good luck.
Fun to use It’s hard to turn dimmer up or down manually. Often Alexa can’t find it. Sometimes she does sometimes she doesnt
Pretty Good, Setup/Connection Could (should) be Better Slow, clumsy setup and connection...A few steps into the initial setup process (while connecting to the WEMO's wifi) it just stayed on the same screen and nothing happened. I just sat there wondering if it was frozen or failed or needed me to do something else...I swiped out of the app and checked to make sure my phone was still using the Wemo broadcast, came back to the app, waited a little longer, then it finally connected and asked me to name the plug. That process only took a couple minutes but it really seemed like a long time. The TP-Link Kasa was much quicker. Then the plug attempted to connect to my home wifi...it also took longer than expected and generated a connection error, but eventually connected without me having to do anything else. Again, the Kasa handled this process much smoother.-my advice to anyone purchasing the Wemo; just be patient with the setup process. Once everything's connected it's a good little device...better overall features than the TP-Link in my opinion.-my suggestion for Belkin; obviously work on the setup/connection issues... but in the meantime give the user a "connection in progress" message or spinning wheel to let them know something is actually happening. From a user’s perspective, dead time on screens feels like things aren't working...but if there's some kind of "progress/please wait" notification on the screen, it feels like things are working fine (just a little slow). I realize that sounds pretty basic, but it really does make a difference in customer satisfaction.
Stopped working After a few months, the device stopped being recognized by the app. I have spent three hours doing multiple factory-resets with no luck. The app gets stuck in the last step after connecting to my WiFi network.Apparently, many other users are having the same problem. Time to try an Amazon Smart Plug
Won't Stay Connected after 1 Year I purchased five of the switches. They've all dropped their connection at once time or another, however 2 of the five no longer will connect. Will connect for a few minutes and then drop again. All the other three stay connected without any problems. All purchased the same time. All have the same firmware version. Nothing has changed with my router for more than a year and a half. Very strong wifi. Router only sits about 20 ft from switches. Very expensive router that serves all other devices without any issues - only the WEMO switches.
Does not work! Don't waste your time and money on this. The one I got did not work. I installed it and set it up exactly per the directions, but it did not work. Tech support failed to answer the phone. The installation videos did not provide a solution that worked. I was unable to connect it with with the lights that it was supposed to switch. It did not operate with the Wemo app nor with the Alexa app. The plugs work OK, but not the switch.
Avoid this. Many problems. Read wemo site forums before buying! Unreliable, and the app has many issues. Scheduling , which is one of the reasons I bought this , is hit-or-miss. If there is a power loss , it forgets it's schedule settings. Setting an auto-off timer (for example, turn off after 5 mins ) works maybe 20% of the time. Read some of the forums on Wemo's site before buying this!I'm not giving this one star because it does work as a simple wifi on/off switch most of the time.
No remote access had to be connected to my home wifi for this device to work. App kept giving an error if I tried to enable remote access.
Great This light switch is amazing. Couldn't be happier
Works great Excel product
Works great with Alexa to reboot my FireStick when it crashes. My Amazon Fire Stick has to be power rebooted about once a week or everything freezes up and some of the apps (mostly Hulu) stop working. It was such a hassle to go unplug the thing and plug it back in since the FireStick is in a hard to reach place behind my wall-mounted TV so I use the Wemo to turn the FireStick on and off, and with my Echo Dot, I can do it without getting out of my chair! Works great but I blame it for the next two pounds I gain since it's now one more device that keeps me in my chair.
Firmware updates break it every time. I understand firmware updates are important on this. I'm not very confident this device is very secure, so it's worth trying a little to keep it up to date. Unfortunately, every update breaks the ability to control the device from a phone or tablet. Sometimes it will fix itself after a few days, other times you need to reconnect to it. For what it's worth, it still works as expected (turns my device on and off at scheduled times). I've had this for a few years and this is not my first one. I had an older generation that I returned because of a similar issue.
Four Stars Works very well with both the phone app and Alexa.
Works with Alexa I use this plug almost every day. Away mode is awesome.
Major disappointment I’ve installed many IoT device in my home. This unit was by far the most difficult to get to function properly during setupMy biggest gripe about this unit is that after a power failure the unit comes up as not found in the app. Every time. Manually turn it on - no change. I have to reset this piece of garbage and reprogram it each time. What a waste of time and money this product is.
Easy to install, up and running quick! Super easy installation, I'm not an electrician and got it installed in no time. Once installed I paired using the app, then was able to quickly get the switch synced to Amazon Alexa. Love that this allows you to use the physical switch to set the dimmer as well as Alexa "Alexa set lights to 30%", super awesome looking to purchase another for a different room in the house.
Turns on/off irregularly It turns on/off irregularly even when only one rule is set in the app. Also, the app is very sluggish and does not work with IFTTT using Google or FB login.
Device Compatability It is not mentioned on either the product packaging or in the promotional material that it is necessary to use either a 'droid or Apple phone to initially configure this device. What a total waste of time attempting to install it.
Works with Google Assistant Wonderful product. Works great, installation was easy.
Disappointed Nice size but quit in 7 months. ‘Customer support’ is a run-around’.
Doesn't Work Total waste of money, technical support is a waste of time, and they charge you for replacements.
Will not connect to home network after hours of troubleshooting The product would not connect to my wireless network even inches from my router and phone. This is on a home network that hosts many similar devices including a Roomba, a Philips Hue bridge, amazon echo's, kindles, laptops, smart locks etc. This is the only device that absolutely won't work. Even returned for a replacement and it also did not work. Finally I tried to leave a review a few weeks ago and was prevented with a message saying reviews were temporarily not allowed -- no explanation was given but I assume I was not the only one having issues. Even now as I write this I am not sure it will accept a 1 star review.
Great Works great easy setup.
Lots of problems. I really want to like this little mini plug device. It fits one plug and allows the other to remain available. But there's quite a bit standing between me and this device.First problem: 2.4 GHz connection. I realize that all these mini devices do this. But for the longest time the 2.4 in my house didn't reach down to where I needed it to be. I managed to tweak the router to enhance its MIMO capabilities, solving some of this. But it took quite some time to realize that the wireless strength was that bad, because of...Second problem: The app that comes with it is somewhere between buggy and uninformative. It crashes with some amount of regularity when trying to connect to or update the device. It took going into the app after the device had connected to the wireless network to determine the signal was bad.Newest problem: After a power flicker, it seemed to not be able to connect to Alexa. I basically removed it entirely and reset its settings, but now it's caught in a situation where the app is refusing to connect to it either on my wireless network or on the device's wireless network (which is on right now after I reset it). So at the moment I have a white brick.In the middle of the troubleshooting, I couldn't reenable remote access either.One star for working relatively well when everything was configured just so. Otherwise, I don't recommend it and I'm going elsewhere for my smart plug.
Love wemo I have 2 of the older ver they are bigger and this one is much smaller and nicer lookingWorks good with alexa!
Works great Connected well and works great with my amazon echo.
Able to connect to Alexa effortlessly works wonderfully well worth the $10 Able to connect to Alexa effortlessly works wonderfully well worth the $10
Buy something else I like the fact that it was easy to install. After update to latest app version, it no longer works.
Good but not always reliable Interesting product but a little quirky to get set up. Some nice features with the app to manage multiple units but I was let down that the plugs sometimes cannot be seen and identified. (read: you must re oot them to get them working again) for the price they should be a bit more reliable to operate 99% of the time instead of $90%
Don't be fooled I purchased 6 of the original WEMO smart plugs about two years ago and they work more or less okay. Unfortunately I also purchased two of of the newer WEMO mini smart plugs in October, 2017. One eventually stopped working entirely. The second works great, unless there is a power failure or something else that affects the wifi network. After that, it is torture to get the mini smart plug back online. And I consider myself technically savvy. The iPhone WEMO app often won't find the plug and when it does, it won't connect it to the wifi network. Don't be fooled by the number of ratings. WEMO plugs are hyped everywhere, every online tech site recommends them. I suggest the iClever smart plugs as a better option.
Great Great smart plug. I bought this one after a different one stopped working for me. Have not had any problems with it.The app you use it through is great. You can set timers, schedule time on/off, turn it on while you’re not home, etc. I use it for my A/C unit.“Hey Google, turn on the AC” works like magic!
Stopped working .., Sadly, 7 months later these do not work.
Scheduler Scheduler does not work.However, I was able to schedule / automate routine via the Smartthings hub and works well.
Not reliable I recently switched all my Wemo devices to another Brand they won’t let me say in reviews. The wemo devices stopped connecting to the cloud and and I had to switch brands. Also wemo doesn’t allow for 3 -pole switches.
Highly recommend! Always works, reliable and well made product. My lights can go off and on with Alexa, my IOS device and my Android phone no matter where I am. Love it!
Empty box I just moved & opened the box that I had bought a month before & it was empty !
The mini switches are trash! After attempting to connect the switch (out of the box) more than 20 times while changing places in home three times, resetting it five times, resetting my home network once, it plain MISERABLY FAILED TO CONNECT! Forum on their support site is full of these complaints. That means Belkin either doesn't know how to or refuses to fix these issues. I'm not sure which is worse. I will NEVER buy another Belkin product, even if they paid me to take it!
Decent product, terrible software updates I like the concept and would think a company like Belkin could get their act together on software updates. The equipment is unstable and cannot be depended upon to be accessible when you need them. Each software update that comes out makes the plugs worse. It’s like they don’t actually do any testing, just push out the software and wait for their customers to figure out what is not working. They have ongoing issues with difficulty to initially connect the equipment. Once connected they often disappear. Most recently they had issues with the list of devices in their app changing list order. Also, though some people have clammored for Apple HomeKit support they finally added it, BUT, if you chose not to use HK the app would constantly ask to allow access. Supposedly these two issues have been fixed in their latest update, though unconfirmed. Who wants to risk making the equipment worse by trying another update! Belkin needs to get a handle on this quickly. Solve ALL of the problems and stop releasing updates until they can stop breaking things. As such, I CANNOT recommend these products. Shame really, when working on older updates they were fairly stable. Not sure what Belkin Devs are thinking ...
Pieces of junk I bought this on sale and figured I could attach a lamp to the WiFi outlet in the hallway so I wouldn’t have to walk to the other end of the house to turn the lamp on and off. Spent over an hour trying to get the plug and app you have to have to synchronize to my WiFi router. The plus is literally right under the router and the app can’t find my network? Then when you add it manually it refuses to connect. I tried changing my router settings to no avail. And to be honest. Every other device I have connects to my wireless network without any issues. Stay away from these. They are garbabge.
NOT WORKING ON APPLE HOMEKIT It is working on HomeKit only I connect them with HomeKit. After I leave the room and return, HomeKit cannot find my plugs anymore. And the app is lack of function. Don’t suggest buying it
Duds I tried 2 different ones and no dice they just wouldn’t work
Performs as advertised Works perfectly with or without Alexa. I can control it from anywhere in the world with an internet connection
Love it Love it . Works great with alexa and the wemo app . Easy to install,Easy to set up . No problems of any kind.
Terrible setup process and stability Waste of time and money. Will look for other options.
Cat Light I purchased this mainly because I am famous for not leaving a light on in the house and staying out after dark. I usually turn it on when I’m coming down the street so, when I get home, I know where my cats are and the house has light. Great item. I plan to get more.
Horrible customer support Absolutely horrible. I was on hold with Wemo support on and off for two hours and never got satisfaction. Will NOT link with Apple HomeKit. Further, all three devices have lost connectivity just hours after purchase
Lightswitches? Yep, there’s an app for that I love being able to set timers, rules for turning light on, off, and being able to control these bad boys right from my phone.
Does NOT work with Nest Despite advertised claims , this does NOT work with nest. It used to. But it no longer supports auto-away/home mode to trigger rules. You need to manually set nest to home or away to tigger Wemo rules, which defeats the whole purpose of buying this. Wemo blames nest, but it’s the actually failure of the dumb Wemo tech folks, since other companies have no issues intergating with nest auto-away/eco mode.
Don't waste your money This product worked fine for a few weeks until it did an update. Now all updates fail and it is no longer working. I have even reset it, but it does not work anymore. The only message I get is device failure. So do not waste your money on this product!
Works great Works just as it should. Use it for a room air conditioner to turn on and off at scheduled time. Never a problem
Cannot get it to connect to wifi for connection to the app. Have many TP Links, and they connect easily. This thing WILL NOT CONNECT. I am a 31 year IT professional and this device is not working correctly. At a web site, there are 15 different steps to try if it will not connect, such as change the router channel, to change the Mhz on the smart phone. That's ridiculous !
Never got it to connect to the App I have other Wemo devices which work well but this one was a bust. I guess that is why Amazon sold it at a big discount. Despite several attempts at troubleshooting, I could never get it to connect like the other mini plugs. Wish I could get a refund.
Great until the power goes out The plug works fine until there is a power outage. After a power outage occurs the plug has to be reset. Since my power is not often interrupted I am constantly forgetting the reset process so it is off to the internet to figure it out. This would not be a big deal if I didn't have to move heavy furniture to get to the plug. I really want to like this plug, it is great to say please turn on the lights and it magically happens. It is a pain when you come home to a dark house and Alexa tells you no dice. For the cost of the plug I expected better quality, the engineers really should have anticipated power interruptions.
Hard to install Pain to pair with my router. Very buggy
Works well- I am a fan Own 2 Wemo mini plugs-both added in 2018. Very positive experience for both. App controlled "Away" mode and schedule works. Two notable pluses for my use. I received a new tri-band router as gift. Wemo continued to work with the new router when I entered new SSID. I was irritated with another smart home device ( light bulb that apparently must have a dedicated SSID) that would not work in the tri-band mode. So I bought a 2d Wemo mini plug for the bedroom and switched to a regular light bulb. Wemo works light a champ in low signal environment which is the 2d notable plus. That plug is used in my far bedroom behind the bed and is at partially blocked/obscured from Wifi by the mattresses/box spring and parts of the headboard. On top of that both work well with no resets to date even with two known power outages and they work well with my Alexa. Will puchase Wemo mini plug again as need arises.
Love concept but not reliable Often disconnect from wi-fi. If it loose connection to wifi, manual operation also disabled. I have many wifi devices at home and only Wemo switches has issues. When I say oftens = few times a month. This is very annoying!
Five Stars Thank you.
Well done I use this gadget to help make programming lights in my home easier. I have a couple lights that are plugged in, and instead of installing a new timer switch, i bought this , plugged it in, and programmed everything from my phone. Super easy set up, the app is great, and i didnt have to do any work.
Good switches This switch works as advertised. Can be used with WeMo App - both manual control and automatic settings are available. Need to follow instructions carefully to setup. Once in a while it goes off line but comes back online by itself.
Very hard to install, technical difficulties. Took 2 hours to install because of technical difficulties when trying to connect over wifi. Occasionally (2% of time) is unreachable by my google home, but I don't know which device is causing that problem. Also has very tiny LED on the switch itself which stays on then the light is off, which is disturbing.
WeMo my favorite gadget I use daily I love my WeMo!!!!! . I’m in a wheelchair and being able to turn the lamp and fan on and off by myself is Awesome!!!! This is one of those products that’s just life changing & world opening for people like me. Recommend to anyone & everyone. Compatible with my Alexa & iPhone. So easy to use and setup. My sister got me my first one as a gift... and I was like huh??? What’s that,.. I’ve now bought 4 more. If you or family member have mobility issues... they’re going to love this!!! It’s one of my favorite gifts ever.
Reliability - Hammmm Not reliable at all - losing communication when you need them the most ! Need to find another solution.
Don't buy this outlet! I purchased 2 of these mini switches and 1 wall switch. The wall switch still works, both mini switches quit working with the app. Absolute junk!
Compact Worked perfect
Do not last Pretty scrappy. Only worked for a month or 2. Software stinks too
Ok Ok
stopped working; poor customer support After less than a year, the product has stopped working. It has errors when updating firmware and can no longer be controlled remotely or automatically with a schedule. The customer service experience has been slow and frustrating.I'd suggest considering a lower price competitor. Not worth the price premium.
Doesn't work with Alexa Doesn't work with Alexa
Simple and easy to setup These work great and take the guess work out of operating our plugged lights. Great for kiddos rooms too...we always no the lights can be turned off.
Does not work with two sites to control something, like a ceiling fan or kitchen light. All my switches that I wanted to control are doubles and this will not fit when two mounted close together. Also not working with switches that have two sites. It said that but I did not read fully. If you have two locations that operate a fan, etc, this will not work.
Useless Could not get switch connected to my network. So basically useless.
Love It Right now I’m using 1 to control my bedroom lamp & 1 for my garage light. LOVE THEM! I prefer this over a smart lightbulb because I can also use it for other things.
Makes a nice grow light timer I love it. I don't use it often. I bought it for my plants to get ready for the spring so it keeps me from having to go in my creepy basement as often.
These are pretty good, work as expected These are pretty good, work as expected, pretty easy to set up, and with the firmware update, they also work with Apple Home.
Modern is a Good Thing. LOVE.We needed to have some better control on our porch lighting than on or off 24/7, so after considering pricey LED light sensitive bulbs that wouldn't work in our stupidly designed coach light fixtures anyhow, we decided to try this.I'm pretty handy around the house and can install a switch in a few minutes. If you're not so handy or scared to mess around with electricity, just call a professional to do your install. (It should be a very quick job for them as well!) Once you've installed it, it only takes a few miutes to download the app, get an account to access it, and pair your switch. Set your timing to your heart's desire and don't worry about it again! (In the case of the porch and garage lights, we just set it to come on a few minutes after sunset and go off a few minutes after dawn. Since it is app controlled, it knows when sunrise and sunset is for your home area...pretty genius.)If you ever want to change up the settings or turn it on or off on the fly, just use the app or the actual switch if you're home. Both ways work!
Hobbled by the app/software TL;DR : prob OK if you will only manually control the plug. If you want rules, especially complex ones, look elsewhere.I like that the smart plug can be do it's thing: be remotely activated/deactivated. This is pretty reliable when directly controlled through the app.Where it starts to get horrible is trying to use more advanced features like rules:- frequently, cannot access Rules at all, endless spinner with 'Looking for rules'. Restart the app and try again.- If trying to override the app, as in the plug is 'On' per the rule but you go in and turn it off via app, you get confusing messages: 'Rule is disabled' . Does this mean permanently disabled or just overridden this time? It seems erratic, sometimes the rule will not work again the next cycle and sometimes it will.- timer: I have the rule set for the same time on/off per day. It seems to be 'close' but not exact, as in 6:15 might mean the plug turns off at 6:15 or 6:30 or somewhere in between. Not a big deal... but why?- firmware updates: the app keeps suggesting firmware updates so I say OK but it has been failing for the last 2 months.- location permission : small complaint, but why does the app want to know my location?
Total garbage The Wemo light switch is total garbage. Setup is a giant pain. App crashes all the time and often won’t connect to WiFi. Fails repeatedly when trying to connect to Neat or any other device. Completely unreliable, Belkin sucks and should stick to making cables as they clearly aren’t capable of decent technology.
Garbage design and Garbage functionality This product is overall shit. I purchased 2, attempted to connect to my network with zero success. Ran into multiple issues.1. No 5ghz antenna in the device, automatic 1 star just for this.2. Device cannot even maintain connection to its own app, constantly losing connection3. App is ugly and poorly laid out4. App constantly needs to restart when reconnecting to new devices5. Support from manufacturer is beyond uselessDon't waste your money
Complete Junk The 1st one I ordered worked for a day and then died. Talked to WeMo Support, they confirmed it was a bad unit. Sent me a second one. Got it installed, although straight forward is not what I would use to describe the process of getting it up and running. God forbid you ever have to reset it. Generally works with Alexa, but not always. Doesn't always turn on/off even when Alexa says "Ok". Having to reset it requires removing the wemo software from my iPhone and reinstalling it. I could go on. But my recommendation is do your homework, spend a few extra bucks, read the reviews and choose wisely.
Probably won't work in your house! For switches installed before 2012, it was not required to have hot and neutral wires...so most only had hot running through them. This switch requires both.Of course, the box was difficult to open so I ruined it while trying to get at the switch. So I can't even return it!
The first smart plug configured right away I have tried 2 of these and the Wemo Insight. The first smart plug configured right away. It was more of a novelty than useful but I purchased the insight in order to monitor power usage and so began the problems. The Wemo app on my android os is just not good. It quite often does not find the devices and when it does, it loses connection too often. I have read that Belkin acknowledges issues with the newer android os's. Keep that in mind before purchase.Revised Review: I was able to use an older version of Android OS to configure the devices and get them onto my wi-fi. From then I was able to monitor and control the plugs from my newer OS. Still a 3 because this is a rather large issue.
Reliable and easy to setup and use This smart plug works every time. No issues using it through Alexa or it's own app. So far I have not had a single instance where it did not turn on or off when requested. Easy and quick setup. Be sure to update the firmware through the app.
Our first smart plug! I love it. It’s connected to our Echo and I think I’ll get more.
Meh Poor connectivity with Echo Dot and often unreliable.
Easy works great plugged it in and it did all the connections
Sunrise / Sunset - High Quality - Easy to Use Works Well!! Alexa, thanks for allowing my lazy but to stay in bed! Used for a porch light and set the sunset and sunrise timer. Easy to program and easy to install. Feels high quality and work. I’ve already ordered more.
Dimmer Does Not Work with Alexa or Google Assistant It installs okay and works with the wemo app, but it can’t be linked with Alexa or Google assistant, because you can never install their skills. It keeps saying “a network error occurred” and “temporarily disabled” and “try again in 10 mins”
Got it as an AMAZON SPECIAL for $10, it ... Got it as an AMAZON SPECIAL for $10, it was used/refurbished... i put it in the “ill use it later” box. I won’t leave my fan or cat’s room AC connected to it.
Spend more and buy something better way too much of a pain in the butt to get workingI would return it if I could. These things should be play and go but downloading the appand trying to get it to wokk was not worth the effort
Five Stars Easy.
These are garbage, don't waste your time Read all the 1-star reviews. I had all the problems everyone talks about, so I won't re-hash it here. The iOS app is absolute garbage. It crashes more than it works--it's NEVER updated. The hardware won't stay connected to WiFi. *IF* you manage to get it working for a few minutes (it's possible) and can get it programmed to work as a timer, it's okay for that... as long as you don't want to actually control the outlet with your phone or anything like that... If you can't return it (as I can't), then at least *maybe* you can get it working as a timer. But for remote control... GOOD LUCK! Do NOT go near WEMO crap.
Venturing into home automation thumbs up First Venture into using an item like this with my Show and Echo, works every time have never had an issue. There might be cheaper ones out there but sometimes it's best to go with quality.
After a few weeks...it failed to work After installing and following all the correct install procedures, the unit worked great. But after a weeks, it just suddenly stopped working. The unit itself still lit up but it couldn't turn on the light anymore. So I switched it to another location...same thing. Worked good for a few weeks and then died again. Called customer service and they were not able to help. Not the greatest device and even more horrible customer service.
complete garbage. Can't give less than one star, complete garbage.
Update firmware , most issues will resolve Bought refurbished had issues, after firmware update seems ok
goes dead within hr or 2 after setting up this is our 4th wemo...have tried several time to default wemo, start over...still goes dead...would like to send back and get a good one...
Solid 10 Works as it should via the app. I just can’t figure out how to rename an outlet in the app when I use it for another appliance.
Awesome ptoduct We love the sunset/sunrise scheduling. Works perfect with Alexa and Android.
Buggy firmware. Won't connect to some wireless networks. I have WPA2 with an open SID and a very long password containing special characters like $. The Wemo mini is extremely picky about connecting to the network. Only by playing around with different setting and doing seemingly irrelevant things like adding a guest network, can I get it to connect. I have a wemo light switch and a wemo insight, that do not have these problems. Before you buy this, look at the wemo support board and search around for wifi connectivity problems. You will see all sorts of issues. This is amazing for a company to release something like this with buggy firmware. I would imagine the only people giving this a positive review are ones with simple wifi networks with basic security and simple passwords. If you have technically involved wifi setup (think dd-wrt, merlin, etc...) you are going to spend hours trying to work around this devices wifi compatability problem. Belkin, it's 2018, the wifi standard should be pretty clear by now for interoperability....
set up easy. Works every time As described, set up easy. Works every time.
Problems setting up Just too difficult to set up
Description not accurate We were disappointed to find we could not use this switch due to not compatible with 3 way multi switches. So if your switch turns on/off by another switch you can not use this switch.
Totally did not work. This totally did not work. I waited too long and now I can't return it. It connects fine to the WiFi, but then the WeMo app will not recognize the device. I'm so angry and unhappy. I have used the TP Link smart outlets for years, but I thought I would try WeMo. Big mistake. I'll go back to TP Link for all my smart products.
Good product Wemo works. Makes light control easy.
Problems right after warranty expired (2nd wemo product that's done this) I have outfitted my house with wemo switches and plugs, as of now I have 11 install wemo products installed. Two of those 11 have gone defective right past 1 year of use. The first is a smart plug and now this dimmer switch. Multiple times a week the switch freezes and I have to reset the circuit breaker to get it back in working order. No resets, factory resets, long presses or any other recommended action has cured it to this point.With most companies this would not be a problem, however Belkin is not most companies. My experience with warranty support on the plug has taught me to not bother with this one, as they are sticklers on the warranty and seem to care less if you are happy with their products and services.I now intend to replace all of my wemo products as they go bad and institute a policy of avoiding Belkin as a company. In an addition, I have 2 unopened switches and two unopened slim plugs that i would be willing to trade for fertilizer at this point. :/
b'Works with Apple HomeKit!!!!!?? I purchased one of these because I had been watching YouTube videos about the HomePod and HomeKit and decided to give it a try. WeMo supports HomeKit now and it works flawlessly. I followed the directions from the box and everything worked just as described. Once the device connected to my network it asked me if I wanted to install the latest firmware. Of course I wanted to do it. That firmware update has HomeKit compatibility. It downloaded and installed and in a few minutes it was done. I then connected it to the HomeKit app on my phone and BAM!! It was done. I ask Siri to do things and she has no problem. I went to work the next day and tested the remote access and scared my wife who thought that the TV was turning by accident but who was also ready to run if need be. I\xe2\x80\x99m buying more. That\xe2\x80\x99s all that\xe2\x80\x99s left to say. Im headed down the rabbit hole. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to get more of these, smart door locks (Schlage Sense with WiFi adapter and August Pro) and smart light switches. The list goes on and on. Thanks WeMo!!'
Awesome I tried the cheaper models of these kind outletsBut Wemo has the Best & most reliable.
This might be the problem if it won't connect to your Wi-Fi This works great now that I have it set up, however it should have been much easier to get going. Apparently these plugs do not work with 5 GHz Wi-Fi networks. My access point was configured to broadcast both the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz networks with the same name. For whatever reason, this device was not smart enough to connect to the 2.4 GHz network. Instead, the app just showed that it was trying to connect for a long time before giving up. The solution was to configure my access point to give my 5 GHz network a different name; then when I tried connecting again to the originally named network, it connected quickly and without issue.
Great switch Works great with Alexa. Very easy to install.
Works with Alexa Works as described. I use this with an Echo dot to control an air cleaner fan in my woodworking shop and it works great.
Terrible product. I could not use this smart plug ... Terrible product. I could not use this smart plug more than a yard from my router. It had to be in direct line of site of the router. The app crashed several times during the set up. I can not believe it took over an hour to set this poorly performing plug up.
Five Stars I just can't control it from outside my wifi
could not be happier, the intergration into ALexa was piece of cake converting my Apartment over to Alexa Friendly. I had 0 issues setting up, i now have 5 switches and 2 wemo plugs, could not be happier, the intergration into ALexa was piece of cake, I found the App user friendly etc..
Five Stars Works with our Alexa exactly as we need it to.
Doesn't work well These switches were finicky, at best. I attempted to use them to automate lighting while traveling for business. Switches would randomly go on and off during the set time period they were to be on. Sometimes they would not go on at all. If you're looking for a simple on/off using your phone, they are fine. Don't waste the time and frustration to use as automation. If I could return them, I would. Beware the 'works with Nest' does not function as designed, either.
Four Stars A pain in the butt to install but was worth the time that I've spent with it
It just doesn't work This never worked. None of our resident computer geniuses can get it to work. Wish I had returned it while I had the chance.
Product not good Not happy with this item work sometimes works for one minuit
Looks great. Freezes once a month Looks and feels amazing to slide the lights to dim them. However, about once a month, the dimmer freezes and I have to reset the breaker. I saw others having this issue as well in another review below
didn't like these, sent them back Nope, didn't like these, sent them back, was not compatible with my phone or anything else.
Works well at First This thing worked well the first few days. Then it became "inactive" only to reappear once in a while. I tried power cycling (reboot) but it wouldn't come back. So then I thought I would do a factory reset, following the reset directions I found on the Belkin website exactly. Now I can't even get it to broadcast an SSID. So I went on the Belkin chat line. After answering about 20 minutes worth of questions about model number, serial number etc, I was told they couldn't help me. They suggested I call Belkin at 844 745 9366. Well, it's been ringing the entire time I have been writing this review. I'm so far not impressed. I hate to return this because it's in a difficult place to install, but may have no other choice. Thanks, Isy B, for giving me a phone number that no one wants to answer.
Buy something else Bought two of these plugs because they had great reviews but they're terrible.First off, if you keep your SSID hidden you have to make it visible to connect these but that isn't mentioned in the instructions. Once connected you can switch back to hidden but should you unplug the wemo or the power goes out, or theres a firmware update, you need to shut off the hidden SSID again to reconnect it. Total pain.Firmware updates are a total headache to apply.Hooked these up recently and have spent a good two or three hours over the course of a couple nights to get them working correctly. I will not buy any more Wemo products.If you still don't trust this review, do a quick check online for Wemo firmware updates and connection trouble and read other experiences.
Five Stars Works as described and I love it.
Great Concept; Flawed Execution First off, this is a great concept! I am more of a low-tech person and I don't have an "Alexa." I wanted a WeMo to be able to monitor my power consumption and shut things on and off from a device. Both of these are done from my smartphone. The main issue is the WeMo app. It runs slow at times and doesn't fully function correctly. For example, I'll change the price of my electricity per Kw, save it, and it will update ... only to revert back to the default setting, which is 50% higher than my actual electric rate. Thus, the insights into my electric usage are completely flawed and worthless. 5/10 stars because the item only has a 50% success rate at the two things I wanted it for.
Amazing fast and easy set up Just DL the app...set up and with alexa skill enabled (in Alexa app) voila' lights turn on by voice command. Love it!!Especially when coming home after shopping or work.
Love this! I work two jobs and am unable to come home in between jobs to turn on the lights. This works great!!! I just set my light on a timer and it automatically comes on.
Auto switch. Works seamlessly with home network. Setting timer was easy and adjust with sunrise and sunset. Perfect addition to home.
Makes my life so much easier. Works from your ... Makes my life so much easier. Works from your phone app so time is adjusted automatically. Set it and forget.
Doesn't work First purchase didn't work . Received a replacement. The replacement doesn't work. Good luck with customer service- impossible to understand their "English."
Works as advertised, but does not respond to requests to dim lights I purchased this smartplug after reading rave reviews elsewhere, and it works as advertised -- that is, it responds to on & off commands from my Google smartspeaker. I found it to be straightforward to install the smartplug.But, I'm using it to control a lamp that has a standard bulb in it; getting the bulb to turn on or off using my Google smartspeaker is easy and reliable, but I had wrongly assumed that the setup would also respond to commands to dim or brighten the bulb: it doesn't. Yes, I'm aware that I could always switch my setup around to use a smartbulb in that lamp, and use the smartplug somewhere else.
Gets along great with Alexa Controls power to desk fan via Alexa
Love it Love this! Use it for my air conditioner. Have it set up on routines to come home before I get home and off before I wake up in the morning. Haven’t touched my a/c controls since I set this up. Works great with my Echo dot also
Detailed Energy Monitoring Don't understand all the WiFi connection setup issues....probably due to router setup. I don't use the ISP supplied router...have old Asus RT-N16 running open source firmware without issue on 2.5 ghz network.- Was easy to setup and remains stable...no random disconnects....my router is on schedule to turn off/on daily at night and the plug re-connects.- No issues with IFTTT- Love the detailed energy monitoring (last on for, standby since, on today, avg day, estimated monthly, etc.)Bought the Etekcity plug, it works well, but the energy reporting left much to be desired in terms of detail and the watts is not accurate.Cons:App a little sluggish...there is a slight delay reading data...the Etekcity is more responsive. Not sure why the WeMo app always needs to look for devices, it should be cached for performance. When a new device is added/removed the Etekcity has a refresh button.In conclusion, the detailed features of the Wemo wins.
Didn’t work for me Spent hours and Couldn’t get it connected to my Wi-Fi. When I finally got it connected and unplugged it to put in another plug, it lost the connection and I had to start all over again. Gave up and returned item. Bought another brand and it was set up within five minutes
Nice small smart plug this smart plug is very nice little tech piece. Easy to install, and configure. It integrates really easy with Echo devices and Apple Home. I was going to give 3 stars because initially the app does not let give a short name, so I have to have something like "Wemo Mini something". After the last app/firmware update, the app allow me to put any name I want like "Lights 1". I gave 4 stars due the hassle.
... haven't managed to get this to work with any smart phone or tablet I haven't managed to get this to work with any smart phone or tablet. (Much less Alexa)
Good for controlling lights I use this plug to control my lights with my Echo. Now I just use voice commands to turn my lights off/on. It’s great when I walk into a dark house with a baby and groceries in my arms. It’s also good when going to bed. I walk down the hallway before telling Alexa to turn them off.
Great product! Love it.
Easy to set up Easy to set up, no issues so far. First time delving into a smarthome product, and it seems to work great. I use it with Alexa and a fully updated iPhone.
Great Product This is a cool Product. It was easy to set up. And works like a charm.
The app makes this a huge pain The app that accompanies this product is simply garbage. The design and usability are abysmal. It is horribly organized, lags TERRIBLY and is horribly unintuitive. It seriously feels like an initial beta offering, not a finished product. It's sufficiently bad that I'm returning this plug and am going to try a competitors product. To be clear, I have a brand new flagship phone, a beastly mesh wifi network and am not a tech novice. It took me only ten minutes to become irritated trying to use this product because the app is so bad.
Five Stars works perfectly with Amazon Echo/Tap
Continually impressed by Wemo Products. Very happy with this product, the manufacturer and their customer service. I now have a Wemo dimmer switch, this simple switch and several plugs and they have all held up great. Very easy to install and easy integration services for third party software like Alexa and IFTTT. Looking forward to Apple HomeKit as well when it’s ready.
Trash. Buy something else and keep your sanity Wow... should of learned my lesson on first one. Always struggled to stay on network. So got a new one.... now this one won’t even connect!!!!
Easy install, works perfectly with Alexa I love it! I keep telling Alexa to turn on and off the light just to use it. Super easy install, no issues at all. Updating takes a while tho.
Works okay. Needs better app support Didn't work consistently with Wemo app or with google home. We tried to use it for our xmas tree, then haven't used it since.
One Star Couldnt get it to work in any outlet. No response from email to seller.
Works great Works well. Haven't had any issues with it needing to be reconnected
Great little plus to work with Alexa This is a handy little plug especially working with Alexa to turn on and off things like lights. Have had no trouble with it. Solidly built and great preformance. I recommend it. I got mine on sale but at full price they can add up quick, just so you know.
Easy Install. Easy Setup. My new Wemo Light Switch arrived today. I had it out of the box and installed in less than 15 minutes. The only item I had to purchase separately was the new cover plate to accommodate this switch and a traditional switch. Once the app was loaded up on my phone I was able to control the light and add a schedule for it. Adding it to my Echo was even easier. I will definitely purchase another switch soon!
Very modern look Easy to install and works perfectly. Would buy more.
Avoid! Wasted hours in setup Horribly frustrating setup. Seems like it is working but fails to connect to internet. Troubleshooting from Belkin was worthless to me.
Good quality. Works as described Good quality. Works as described
Worked good Worked good to turn lights off and on at designated times while we were gone from home. Have not used it for other applications. We are older and setting things up via internet/phone is a pain for us so we simplified by only using it forvacation function.
Not worth the money, Terrible software updates These were the first smart devices I bought for my home, I have 4 and they run my outdoor lighting. 2 times a year when the updates come out they brick in the on mode. To reset them you have to unwire then from the wall to reset. Then re-add to the app and setup all over again. Twice a year for the last few years.... not worth the money. Today a new update came out, and you can guess what I’ll be doing this afternoon because they already bricked.
First didn't work, replaced, still didn't work First didn't work. It was replaced. Second one didn't work. They tried to blame my WI-FI but I have three echos and dots with no issues about the WI_FI. Their tech support tried and then gave up.
Five Stars Works well one year out
Total garbage Was never able to get this to work. Tried it on iPhone & Android phones & it would never connect to the app. So took it to a friends house, thought maybe it just didn't like my wifi. NOPE it is a dud & after spending hours & hours & days messing with it, it's too late to return it & get my money back. Stay away!
Won’t work with HomeKit Bought this based on the Wemo name. Assumed it’d be solid quality, but this is the singly most difficult device I’ve ever set up. Food 3 times restarting to get it to connect to WiFi, a few more to get the firmware updated, and now it won’t work with HomeKit. It says it’s already connected to HomeKit, but came up with an error message and won’t let me reconnect.
Smart plug Great item works great from Alexaa or phone
Perfect for terrariums on a lighting schedule I have a power strip plugged in this for a bearded dragons uvb light and heat lamp. I've set it the plug on a timer thru the very easy to use app and it works perfect.
Don't use this if you're planning on connecting with Alexa This POS flat out doesn't work with Alexa. When you go to enable the Alexa skill, it repeatedly refuses to connect to WiFi. To make matters worse, in all their wisdom, Belkin puts a 10-minute delay after your second unsuccessful attempt. You find yourself wasting time waiting only to have it fail again. If I had known this thing was from Belkin, I would have never bought it.
Bad I had several wemos that worked for years. As firmware and the app have been updated they've gotten less and less stable and now I can literally not get any of them to work at all. I've tried resetting them and setting them up from scratch and now they cant even do that. The app crashes or wont find wifi. Terrible products that used to be great.
Awesome love this in cooperation with my Alexa. It great to walk into a dark room and just say "Lights on"
Alexa loves Wemo so I love Wemo too!! I love that this little Wemo plug doesn't take over an entire outlet like some other Alexa compatible smart plugs do. This just plugged right in and had no trouble connecting to my network and getting set up. My Alexa works great with Wemo so I'm happy!!
Useless So far this switch is useless. I have followed the setup instructions to the letter but the switch simply won't setup. I can connect to the switch directly but I am not prompted to set anything up. There is no place to enter my wifi details. I can change the name of the device but it never leaves setup mode. Just blinking green and Amber signal light.
Fake Product It's garbage.. Won't connect to router several feet away. App can't find it, then doesn't even recognize it. Total waste of time and money.
Buy with confidence More than 2 years installed not a single issues
Firmware sucks Works as advertised, once setup and there are no firmware updates. I have 3 of these in my house for about 3-4 years and they aren't exceptional and downright frustrating everytime a firmware update happens. Setup is not easy or smooth and takes quite a while. Once you get it going it works pretty flawlessly, until it decides you need to update firmware. The firmware updates almost never work the first time as they lock up and then the switch is unusable for a couple days usually. Then they suddenly start working and no issues until the next update. The company's website is terrible and totally worthless and good luck trying to get a hold of customer service. I gave it three stars as the switches are reliable and the app programming is fairly easy. The major flaw in this is the firmware, so beware. I would definately pick a different one, if I had it to do over again.
Good except for WiFi connection dropping After a couple of weeks I need to reset it as it looses WiFi connectivity.
Never got it it work I’m s tech savvy guy who’s done his share of smart home updates and I couldn’t get the switch to connect with my network, pair to my phone, or ever properly enter complete setup. I’m using an iPhone 7 and my network is a netgear nighthawk that has connected the rest of my smart devices quickly and easily.If you have had good luck with Belkin and Wemo, great. Give this one a shot, but I returned it in favor of its iHome counterpart which is HomeKit-compatible out of the box. Setting up that plug took less than a minute on iOS and integrated into Google Home just as fast.
Very difficult to reconfigure If you plan on installing the wemo switch in a system with other Wemo products, be aware that if you have to reconfigure your router at all, even a simple password reset, you will need to reconfigure each of the Wemo devices ONE AT A TIME. There is no option to update settings in the app and have it apply to all devices. Not a problem if there are only one or two devices to do, but it becomes far more trouble than it's worth if you have several devices. For security, we change our network passwords monthly, and after the second time resetting our switches one at a time, we removed them. Ain't nobody got time for that. Belkin's thoughtless system is in stark contract to our other home devices, like Nest or Alexa, which update flawlessly and simply when we reset.
Junk App is horrible. Using these plugs in multiple locations require multiple devices (Android or IOS). Not all plugs can be controlled remotely. Only works on 2.4GHz network. Won't work with some wireless 'mesh' networks that auto-switch between 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
Great product Looks great works great
Five stars Love it! I’m such a huge fan of the Wemo products. I bought this after getting the smart plug and being impressed by it. Easy to install in the wall and works great with google home. So nice to be able to walk into the room as I’m telling the lights to come on instead of going throughout the room turning them all on. The switch also just looks much more modern and clean compared to typical light switches. Highly recommend!
Never Got It Working I'm pretty damn techie and I could never get these to truly setup. The connection just never would happen. It would see it but.... nothing.
Installation directions are lacking but once installed works great Our electrical setup was completely different than any scenario the website had. After lots of online research and trial I found a way to make it work. Once installed, it's worked perfectly. It connected to our Google Home with no problem and has always responded well. It is literally feet away from a wifi access point in the house, so that may help. Overall very happy. It looks great, works great, just took a little bit of frustration to install initially.
works fine I download the apps for Android and it works well. You have to care if you disconected this and re conencte for some days after, the lync is lost. Then you need to reconfigured it again
Great Product - If It Worked I ordered and received one of the Smart Plugs. I followed the directions on how to set it up but the wifi light never lit. I tried multiple outlets in my house thinking maybe something was wrong with that outlet and still nothing. There is little to no support for this product to contact someone to let them know either I received a faulty plug or if I was missing something to figure out how to get it to work. I have had a non-working smart plug for a little over a month now, just plugged in to an outlet doing nothing!
Great Works great with Alexa
Easily automate your home This is the second one of these I've purchased. They are extremely easy to install and connected to my Alexa and Wi-Fi flawlessly. If you're looking for wireless control of your house lights, this is definitely for you. Quality built, I've had my first one for a couple years and have never had issues with it. I honestly don't know why it took me so long to buy the second one, I will definitely be converting the rest of the light switches in my house to these.
Received defective item Switch would not turn off lights. I checked the wiring 3 times by hand to verify it was hooked up correctly, did a factory restore, firmware update, but to no avail. The switch would toggle its indicator and night light, but would not trigger the relay to turn the lights off. I might come back and update this review after I get a new one, but I currently wouldn't pay for another one.
Annoying I bought this because it was highly rated. It's connected to my Alexa so I can turn off and on by voice. At first it turned on and off with no problem. Then Alexia told me it wasn't responding and to check my network connections but It would still turn on and off. Now it switches between working flawlessly and giving me that error message but still turning off and on. Pretty annoying. I would buy more of their products if the voice control worked properly.
Worked great...for awhile (LATER UPDATED) When I first connected the Wemo wall switch, I was extremely happy to have an easy way of controlling my wall fan. It worked flawlessly for several days until I noticed the amber light blinking on the wall switch. After contacting tech support, I was able to get it reconnected, in spite of having great difficulty getting it re-paired with my Alexa. I had to reboot everything and start from scratch. Still, I was happy to have my wall switch working again. A day later, it lost the wifi connection again and I'm back to square one again. I have seen where others have complained that this wall unit loses the wifi connection quite often, so I am going to try some other brands with my remaining wall switches. It was great while it lasted--too bad that was for such a short period of time.UPDATE: After replacing a defective router from Spectrum, the Wemo Switch seems to be performing much better. I was contacted by the technicians at Wemo, but the problem had already been taken care of. My rating of the product has since been upgraded to 4 stars and I would now be willing to recommend this product to others, barring any future problems. My thanks to the technician who called to check on things.
Easy Setup Very easy to install. I wish it included more than one receptacle. Right now I've plugged a lamp into it and operate it with my Fire TV box. When I say "Good Morning" to Alexa, she will turn on the light through my Wemo Device and also turn on my TV and Cable Box at the same time. A "Good Night" command does the opposite. Overall, a great entry level device.
Know why you need it before getting one...got it (cheap) as test & need to figure out why I need it Works as described...no issues with product itself. I have not successfully gotten it to work with voice assistant. Part of the reason is that I,m not that motivated because I’m struggling to figure out what to plug into it. It is now running one lamp that I don’t really use.
Forget the other outlet remote controllers. This is only one that's worth using There are several versions of this thing out there. A very popular, cheaper version is a small rectangular design (also by Belkin), which more often than not WILL NOT WORK. This model, on the other hand, is excellent. So, spend a little more and buy this one. you won't regret it. You don't have to use the smart feature.
App is worthless. Avoid. Worst app ever developed. I bought this at a brick and mortar store half an hour ago, and it's back in the box. I WILL NEVER buy another wemo product again. The instructions are useless, the app fights you the entire process. Buy the TP Link. You'll save a few dollars and extend your lifespan a few years.
Nice Nicer then expected; Works great
Good, but a buzzing sound The iPhone app works well. And the switch, with the blue glow, is attractive. But the switch makes my light fixture buzz. It's noticeable. And the buzzing sound increases as I dim the light lower.
Easy to use Works great! Connected a light in the corner of my basement so I do not have to stumble to the switch. I can use the wemo app directly, but I have connected it to my echo dot so I just ask Alexa to turn the light on our off! Easy to set up.
Bought 2 and both Quit working I liked these when they worked, but both failed ~6 months in with slight usage. I wrote customer support and heard NOTHING. I have other brands that have held up for a year and outdoors, so can't give these more than one star, mostly due to the fact that customer support was non existent.I have tried customer support several times. NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT.
Remedy For A 3-Way Switch WeMo switches are only compatible on single pole switches so I decided to add this Smart Plug to operate my living room light. For my particular application, the bulky Smart Plug could be improved by having the Smart Plug receptacle located on the bottom of the Smart Plug.
Works great for me. Worked perfectly with the wireless modem I have. I did see people having issues with older wireless modems so if you don’t have a DOCSIS 3.1 you may want to buy a different plug. Setting it was very easy. Just make sure your phone or tablet is connected to a 2.4GHz WiFi network.
Very difiicult to get on some networks I returned mine, so not a purchase on Amazon, but I still have (am stuck with) another mini I got at Christmas from another retailer. Too late to return and tried to service with Belkin, they just replaced with another that works no better.I have been able to install the mini on one router/cable modem but not another, but I have not been able to get beyond that. The Regular Wemo smart plug does not seem to install ok and works fine, but I tried to add the mini to the same network as my other two (Netgear 3500 router SB6121 cable modem) and the mini fails setup. On my other network (separate location, SB6141 modem, AC1750 router) it connects on maybe the second try. Unfortunately the apps for Wemo only let you have all your wemo devices on the same network, so some on one and some on the other does not work (other systems let you do this). Those of use using this in two locations have an issue as a result. When I returned this I even asked if Belkin could just replace it with the less expensive regular smart plug, but they would not.On the plus side the regular version of the smart plugs work with Alexa, Google home, have programmable away mode and are pretty reliable. The mini however is flakier, I've seen it lose connection and require resetting, and am unsure if I trust it like others. Gone through three now, one returned to Amazon, one returned to Belkin and their replacement I am stuck with.Until Belkin fix their mini to work on all current routers, and fix their app to support multiple locations, I cannot recommend this product. Hope the manufacturer is listening and takes this advice to heart.
After a Power Outage Device Does not Power Back On. Horrible Design. While the insight smart plug works "when it is working" it has a major limitation. In the case of a power outage, the device requires a manual push of the power button to power it back on. Upon further investigation, this issue has been raised by customers since 2012 on Wemo/Belkins support page. Wemo's response is that it is a safety issue and that is why they require manual intervention. That Wemo does not provide customers with an option as to whether they want to incur this risk is a shame and what's even more problematic is that customers have been complaining about this on their support page for OVER 5Yrs with little to no input from their support staff who occasionally seem to provide responses on the support forums.To showcase how ridiculous this feature is and how it's enforced implementation by Wemo is even more of a safety issue, My Internet Router, Wireless Access point and other gear plug into a strip that plugs into the Wemo insight. I also have several security cameras around the property that rely on wireless access for notifications and the like. These are plugged into regular outlets.I had a Power outage and the Wemo did not "self power back on" or go back to the previous state which was on. Therefore, my Internet connection remained down, my wireless remained down and my cameras were in effect useless as they could not record to the cloud and or to my local storage since the network was down until I manually powered on the Wemo. IFFT and all other automation apps that people will recommend all require internet access to detect the state of a device and therefore act, so they (I believe) are not a solution to this problem as stated.Wemo if you are reading this, it is a glaring miss on your part. What's more bothersome is that users have been requesting this feature for over 5 yrs with several examples such as mine given of why your implementation of this feature is a limiter. I bought several of these devices and I'm looking for replacement options based on their inaction and for the simple fact that the "feature" introduces more risk than I care to deal with.V.
No to Wemo. Constant problems with Wemo devises, can never be detected. Get another brand.
Now works with HomeKit without needing the WeMo hub As many reading this a probably aware by now, WeMo recently announced that their Mini Smart Plug was the first ostensibly non-HomeKit compatible device to gain HomeKit compatibility, via the new Software Authentication protocol. Intrigued by this, I decided a purchase was in order, despite the fact that I’ve already got quite a few smart plugs to spare.If you’ve read my previous reviews, you’ll be aware that I put a lot of stock into presentation (the packaging basically), and on this count I would say that WeMo have delivered admirably. As with many of the current manufacturers of smart devices, the container that the smart plug came in was super sturdy, being made of a thick recycled (?) cardboard, enclosed in a green and white outer sleeve. Green seems to be the colour of choice these days, with iHome and Vocolinc both also opting for this colour scheme. Whether this is an effort to imbue their products with some form of ‘eco-friendliness’ I’m not sure, but it certainly works on an aesthetic level.Once you’ve taken off the outer sleeve, you can really see that WeMo have gone the extra mile, with a lovely design on the inside of the carton – something you’d only see once you had already purchased the product, so this isn’t just to entice you, it’s to encourage and excite you into taking WeMo seriously, in that they think about the smaller details.After you’ve open the box fully to reveal the smart plug itself, you can see that it’s housed nicely within the centre of the box, giving it little chance to move around and potentially get damaged. There’s an included manual to help with quick setup along with any problems you might have with the plug, in the form of a list of troubleshooting tips.At the end of the day, of all the categories of smart devices, smart plugs offer the most choice, and while some can do small things that others can’t do (like monitor electricity usage for example), they all basically do the same job of turning a ‘dumb’ device on or off, giving said device some level of automation. This device is no different to any of those in that basic respect. It’s fairly slim, or wide, depending on how you look at it, but being this slim it does offer the advantage of not taking up more than one wall socket, which in turn means that it can be stacked with another WeMo smart plug quite comfortably.The design of the plug itself is quite unassuming, which would lend itself to blending into a typical, mainly white kitchen. Simple branding aside, the only other thing on the front is a rather convenient on/off switch, with a small LED that lights up in white, when there’s power going to the plug. Going back briefly to its dimensions, while it’s not quite as slim as the iHome iSPX6, it comes close, although it is slightly taller. it does beat out the iDevices Switch in the ‘skinny’ department, but once again it is wider/taller, so it really is down to the individual as to what works for them.Onto the setup: As this device isn’t a ‘straight-out-the-box’ HomeKit product, with no HomeKit code provided – or even needed – the procedure was a little bit more involved; not necessarily complicated, but a little long-winded nonetheless. First off, you need to download the WeMo app to get things started. Once the app is downloaded and running, you simply plug the device into an outlet and let the app guide you through the process of initially setting it up to work with the WeMo app. Interestingly, even though the setup process for getting it to integrate with HomeKit comes later, the first thing you’re asked on opening the WeMo app is access to your ‘Home Data’, meaning your current Apple Home data. Once you’ve okayed this, you choose which device you want to set up, you’re then presented with a few tips as to setup process itself. This involves connecting your iPhone or iPad to the wi-fi signal of the plug itself in order to exchange you home wi-fi network settings. Once all that’s ‘in the bag’, the app will attempt to connect to the device itself, which in my case took a little bit of time.It eventually spots the plug and asks you to name the device (if you so wish – I stuck with ‘Wemo Mini’). You’ll then be prompted to provide an email address to complete the process before it proceeds to finally connect directly to your home network. After that is complete, you then get to choose whether you’d like it to send you notifications.As I already mentioned, this was a lengthy, if straightforward process, but once you’re at this point, you’ll see the smart plug show up as a device that can now be programmed or controlled within the WeMo app. Chances are that there will be at least one, if not two firmware updates awaiting you. One of these will be for the plug itself, which is reassuring to know that kinks are spotted and ironed out by way of these updates. The other is to enable the plug to work with HomeKit, which is the whole reason this is being reviewed of course! Once you’ve updated the firmware, you’ll finally get to the section that allows for HomeKit connectivity. You’re given options for connecting the plug to IFTTT, Nest, Alexa and finally, the Apple Home App. Google isn’t on this list for some reason, but you can connect to Google assistant via the Google Home app.We’re on the home straight now, so it’s just connecting the plug to the Home app, which in most respects appears in the same way it would if you were adding a standard HomeKit compatible device, minus the part where you have to scan a code.From here on in, like with a standard install, it’s simply a case of choosing which room the plug resides in, whether it appears as a Light, Powerpoint or Fan, and whether you wish to add it to your favourites. It will then appear in your standard Home app, along with any 3rd party apps you may use.I’ve only been using it for about 24 hours, and so far I’ve found it to be as responsive as all my other plugs, with no real sign of extra lag from touching the tile in the app, to the corresponding on or off. The device itself emits a small ‘click’ when it’s turned on or off (which may be good for some and terrible for others), and the LED above the physical switch turns white or turns off respectively.As previously stated, it does work with other platforms, and while it isn’t compatible with Wink, unlike the aforementioned iHome smart plug, it does have IFTTT, which may actually be of more use.After setting the device up, I unplugged it from mains power briefly, to see if it would reconnect without any issues, and it did reconnect after about a minute or so. However, I did a second test, where I left it disconnected overnight, and on this occasion it took a full uninstall and reinstallation to get it back to where I had it, which in fact took two attempts, with the first take managing to somehow render the physical button unresponsive. A second full reset solved the issue and once I’d gone through the lengthy installation process again, it was all good.In my final assessment, it’s great to see how devices are going to work with the new Software Authentication process, and I’m hoping that when other manufacturers do get on board, the set up isn’t as long as this one was, even though I can see that most steps seemed to be necessary. However, there are a ton of choices for smart plugs out there, and while this device is a little cheaper than many of them, you do find some good deals occasionally, which essentially boils this down to just another smart plug.Prosslim, so easy to stack with another of these if neededrelatively cheapgood support from a reputable companyConslong-winded set up processnot great at remembering settings if left unpluggedStill, I’d recommend it for those on a budget who also don’t want to obscure two wall outlets with one plug.
Works great to turn on/off power from anywhere. Works as advertised. Includes the ability to set a schedule for the power outlet and includes Nest thermostat controls within app. There is an on/off button on the unit itself for manual on/off. This model does not provide energy usage monitoring. We use it for turning off the power to our garage door when we go to bed at night.
Can't connect The app crashes every time during setup. I could not get it to connect to the plug.For me the app recognizes the switch but during the setup process the app will crash.The phone app is not very well built, it actually asks you to close and reopen the app when it finds a problem.The plug itself seem to have issues with some routers, that could be the issue here, but the app will not tell you whats wrong.
Don't be intimidated, setup is easy & it works great! I bought this as my first foree into smart home automation & boy am I glad. It's awesome! Setup was quick & easy. I used an IFTT script someone wrote to link my old school window a/c to my Nest thermostat during a vicious heatwave this summer and it's been working flawlessly. I can't wait to get more of these for around the house!
Plug Not what I needed
Useless Never could get it to work
so easy to set up I liked how easy this one was to set up and use with Echo
works great Love that you can set a timer. (use it on the coffee pot) Forgot to unplug while away and was able to call it up and correct this on my cell. Well worth the purchase.
Good for all around use. Excellent for on the go use! And if driving you can still hear sirens with them!
Best in class! Good quality. Connects to wifi well. Software works well. I am very happy with product. I have tried another brand in which gives me constant headaches due to problems with wifi connection and non responsive software. So this is the best in my opinion!
Met Expectations Easy install. Works exactly how I expected. Install. Connect to WiFi. Use app to control.
A good start device A good start device for controlling lights.
Setup not that easy. Device wants me to disable stuff on my ... Setup not that easy. Device wants me to disable stuff on my phone. Norton says the server for this device is not secure. Waited too long to try using it, now the return window is closed.Sorry I bought it, even though I got it at a discount. Can't imagine anyone paying full price for this piece of junk.
Doesn't work Could not connect to Alexa. Tried everything.
Very versatile but is a little warm This product is warm when plugged in. This is no different than the other permanently installed Wemo Products. I have three other light switches. They all have some warmth to them. I am not convinced that there is more power usage than represented. Hence the 4 stars. This smart plug monitors power usage based on what is plugged in. You can see it on the app. It doesn't store usage history past the last time the device was on. It only shows current usage and estimated power cost of whatever is plugged into it. It is is nice feature. I give it thumbs up -- The big Blue One!It works well with Alexa. After I installed it , Alexa automatically found it. The button on top is touch sensitive and you can manually turn on and off whatever you have plugged into it. I primarily use it to put a light that is in the guest room on a timer called "away mode". It turns the light on and off randomly . I set it for 1/2 hour after sunset to 10 p. This way it looks like someone is actually home. It is much harder for a robber , who is casing our your home, to establish a timer pattern. Foiled again!
... firmware update is required to connect the Wemo Mini Smart Plug to Apple Home A firmware update is required to connect the Wemo Mini Smart Plug to Apple Home. When tapping on the "Update Firmware" button the app simply navigates back to the previous screen. This prevents the firmware on the device from being updated. Completely useless.**UPDATE**You have to force a firmware update check on startup in the Settings. It seems like a terrible way for it to work but it eventually works.
Five Stars great product
Excellent...will buy more as I need them. By far the best smart pug for Alexa.
I love this I saw this item for a $10 promotion on Facebook and thought I’d give it a try.I’m going to need a few more of these. ABSOLUTEY LOVE it!
One Star I bought two of these 3 years ago. One still work perfectly, but the other one stop working.
WEMO Lights up our life! Works perfectly for our outdoor gas lantern!
Five Stars Works perfectly!
Quality Excellent product, it works really good and it was not difficult to configure.
Better than expected Simple, easy to set up. Fast response to Alexa.
Very easy to set up! Very easy to set up and pair with Alexa. I like that you can use one in each plug in an outlet. Some other inferior products are too big.
awesome awesome
Do not buy for anything that needs a quick response I can't speak to this products overall build quality because i don't plan to keep it long. As near as i can figure it goes to sleep after a few minutes of not being given any kind of input. Almost every time i have to interact with it in any way other than the physical switch on it i have to wait several seconds for it to respond. It is instantly responsive any time shortly thereafter but i usually don't interact with it in time so it falls back asleep and i have to wait for it to respond to my next command. Very inconvenient for adapting a wall lamp.
To much trouble to install Would not sync with my wifi
Works well! This is good for the price! Works well and installs easily. Form factor does not block other outlet. Not easy to add a second, round one to the other outlet, so, if you need to add a second to the same outlet, get another one of these!
Great product Works great & easy to setup with Alexa
Very versatile item . . . I use it both with Alexa and also on my phone . . . really enjoying it .. .
Decent interface Great smart switch
No instructions; Product doesn't work This arrived in no packaging, and with no instructions. I've found video instructions on YouTube, downloaded Wemo App, but the device isn't found. I purchased the Wemo Smartplug because Amazon agent said setup was easy.
Good price and a good product The switch works great with Amazon Alexa. Easy set up, looks nice. I have eight LED lights under the switch be controlled. They are no flocking and no buzzing sound.
Pricier than some, but works very well. Connected right away and without problems. We had purchased a cheap one, which we could not get paired to our system. No such issues with this more expensive one.
Must have a neutral white wiring. And black wiring is live Very easy to install. No wires to split. Comes with everything u need. Just connect twist caps, black to black and white to white and a green ground is optional. My house was built in 1962. Has original wiring.
UPDATE: Not quite as flaky as before after firmware update. But still takes some tinkering to get going UPDATED. At first, was a bit flaky. After a firmware update was pushed, it seemed to perform better. Application misperformed until the firware update, now seems to be OK. It takes a bit of tinkering to get it up and running, so if you have an impatience streak (which I do), may be more trouble than it's worth. NO Windows phone app; had to control with my Android tablet.
Five Stars bueno
Great product and usability. Needs Improvements to the usage monitor application. I can't type enough about how I love these smart plugs. The usage reports are a life saver!The only and major complaint I have is on the software part. There is no option to get customized notifications when the usage goes above or below a certain range. I hope the engineers work on it and give an option within the WeMo app itself. There is no such option available through the IFTT app that syncs with the wemo product line. I did provide a feedback and nobody got back to me regarding the same.Also, the usage monitoring applications keeps crashing often.
User-friendly. Serves useful purpose.
Four Stars Easy setup
Four Stars very large and hard to fit in the swirch box but wirks fine
Subpar, that’s for true Initially this product seemed to work well, about a month in it started not working with Alexa. I followed the troubleshoot prompts but nothing has been resolved. I just switched to fiber optic internet service and this plug will not initial itself. I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled, started on a blank slate but still this plug is not working. Definitely looking at different brands.
Great item and great price Purchased this on an Amazon Treasure Truck deal. Great item and great price. Works great with Alexa.
Excellent switch on sale would never pay full price Easy to install and set up with my Wemo app and my two Wemo plugs. Using it for front entry door lights, much better than the digital timer I had which had to be adjusted constantly.
One Star Mine wouldnt work!
Don’t purchase this item Customer service support was great. However brand new item needed customers service support right out the box. I made the mistake of buying two of this item, neither worked. After hours and a couple days later wemo setup an exchange for the current non-working items. With the statement that it is possible the new ones may not work. But because I waited passed the amazon return time to try them out I could just get my money back or exchange with wemo for a new product purchase credit.After getting the new ones they set up and worked briefly. Then the same issue occurred where they wouldn’t work and the same hours of trouble shooting started again.I DO NOT recommend this product. Again the customer service was fantastic. The devise trouble from the beginning.I can’t give you another device suggestion, just strongly suggest against this one.
Impossible to set up with a router change I was happy with my wemo mini smart plugs until my router failed. Found trying to set up my existing wemo devices with the new router was frustrating and impossible. So far I have only been able to set up my wemo dimmer switch with the new router. The wemo app simply fails to set up the wemo mini smart plugs with the new router. I have tried multiple resets of the smart plugs with no success. The wemo app freezes during set up at the "opening connection". A BIG FAIL for me.
One Star Didn’t fit my power cords as they needed 3 prongs to fit into the plug here in Australia
Great for lazy people! This product is great. When I am too tired to get out of bed or roll over my dog, I can just ask Alexia to " Turn off wemo light". With a polite ok and no judgement passed, she does it!
Wemo products never fail I love my wemo products, they make smart home simple
Doesn't support Google assistant. The app does not support Google assistant and is slow to respond to inputs.
Terrible WiFI setup, don't buy Wemo to save your money and time I have 2 switch dimmers and 3 smart plugin, Wemo used to be working fine when just used one ASUS AC68U router. Couple months ago, I upgraded my network as AIMesh network by using ASUS AC3100 as main router and AC-68U as mesh node, now Wemo devices are pretty unstable, they show not detected every often, the devices do connect to network but Wemo service cannot find these devices. I have to re-setup whole process for entire Wemo devices again and again, sometimes it works but pretty tired on it. While setup process, it even asked me to re-enter password, what! Very bad network setup and not stable for mesh network. I have other brand smart plug, such as TP-Link, they don't have problem at all. Yeah, Wemo you can say ASUS bug but how come all other my IOT devices work well w/o any problem.Save your money and time, go for other brands!
Does Not Work With Coffee Maker Does not work tried this with my coffee maker and it does not work waste of money.
Five Stars Work great. Easy to configure. Lots of Features. Less bugs than Wemos.
Five Stars I can't live without this product , everyone should have this ...
Five Stars Love my wemo's! Let there be (voice-activated) light!
Five Stars excellent item
setup can be a pain I love this, especially since I can program the lights I plugged into it to turn on and off at certain times through alexa. I had a hard time setting it up and not much in the way of help even on google. It was quite frustrating. The app would freeze or hang or crash over and over. Took nearly an hour to get it to go through the setup without flaking. The troubleshooting had me doing all this nonsense. Once I got it working tho I love it
Easy to Install Very easy to install and quickly linked to my Google Mesh WiFi network.
but I'm used to it now and I enjoy having it It works seamlessly with my Google Home. It was hard to get used to using a button instead of a switch, but I'm used to it now and I enjoy having it,
Saves me a lot of stairs I really like this switch. We have a light switch that turns on a flood light outside but its so far away it was annoying to have to walk up two flights of stairs just to turn on. This allows us to do it from wherever using our phones. The app can be a little glitchy at times but not so much that I lowered the star review.
Always a problem, switching to a mecanical timer. I hate my WEMO. Very frequently there is a "firmware update" or "devise not found" that causes the switch either to stay on of off until I jump thru hoops to reset it. I am tossing it into the trash and switching back to a mechanical timer that I can depend on!!
Good manufacturer support. Occasionally needs a reset. I like it, and it works most of the time. I say most of the time, because every now and then I come home and the Wifi light is flashing, and the switch won't work through either the app, the Google Assistant, or manually. I have to open the WeMo app to make it look for the switch, and it'll come back online within about 30 secs or so. Really odd. It's rare though, so I still get use out of this. It's just a little annoying.The upside is that the WeMo products constantly get firmware upgrades, which makes me feel much more secure about having them installed around the house. So many IoT products have terrible network security, so that concern was high up on my list.
Great product Love these. Have 4 installed in my house, and especially like that they can be set on timers. Pretty easy to install although tight fit in some boxes due to deeper footprint than traditional switch.
Doesn’t work well at all.. Bottom line, it doesn’t work. Don’t buy it. Every time it loses power or the WiFi password change it takes 30-40 min of resetting the plug and downloading the app. There are several cheaper alternatives that work with the smart life app and they are sooooo much easier to setup and they work beautifully. Do not buy this overrated garbage product. I’m going to try to return it.
Smart lights controlled by phone I picked this smart plug because I thought from other reviews that I would still be able to use other outlet in the receptacle, but that is not the case. If the other cord has even a small transformer (looks like slightly oversized plug), it will not fit in the same outlet as this smart plug. However, if it is a simple small two or three prong plug, it will fit. Two of the WEMO smart plugs will fit in same outlet. They were fairly easy to set up on Android cell phone (Samsung). I had hoped they could be controlled by voice, but it does not look like they are voice activated. I did successfully set up on phone so I just click the app, then click the device I want to turn on or off. I also set up a schedule to randomly turn lights on and off. I park my car in garage, so potential intruders will not know if I am home or not. With lights going on and off at odd times, I feel like my house is less of a target. My Echo was an early model, so I also had to buy a new Echo to be able to use the smart plugs.
Would not recognize Wifi regardless the hundreds of things I tried, and instructions I followed. Spent at least 10 hours over a weekend, updating my router and my phone, changing all settings on everything one at a time and retrying, even tried another phone and the WeMo in another location, following instructions and troubleshooting, moving the device to within a foot, forcing a connection, resetting everything hundreds of time, researching user forums, nothing would make this guy recognize my wifi. Huge waste of time. I am tech savvy but not a pro. This went back and I'm going to try another brand.
Doesn’t dim much. Installed with dimmable LEDs, updated Firmware, and found it doesn’t dim much at all. Probably greater that 65% at the lowest, and And that has a flicker. Had to go back to a manual dimmer.
I use the timer rule with this, so it ... I use the timer rule with this, so it turns on and off at scheduled hours, however it just shuts off whenever it pleases. Not sure if it is a connectivity issue but its more of a pain than anything else.
Great but not for New Zealand Not ideal or New Zealand.This product only has a rating of 110 volts but NZ is 240.
One Star WEMO APP only supports one location Cannot use in multiple locations or with two SSID's per device
Easy setup Works as advertised and enjoy that it can be controlled through Google Assistant.
Super convenient (with some minor downsides) This smart plug is a great addition to our connected home. This plug makes it super easy to control older devices with Alexa or Google Assistant. Setup is fairly easy, but sometimes Wi-Fi range may be an issue. I found that because the plug is fairly small the Wi-Fi reception suffers, especially if you place it behind furniture. One other negative is that when you toggle the plug on/off there is a loud click.For this smart plug, the convenience outweighs the poor Wi-Fi and clicking.
Not compatible with low-voltage LED Track lighting, annoying perpetual pulsating ambient blue light – I can't sleep!!! Couple things consumers should know before purchasing a WEMO dimmer:WEMO dimmers are not compatible with certain electrical schemes and certain types of lighting. Did as much research as I could before hand, but some things you don't find out until you've already had your electrician install the product. I found that my WEMO dimmer system did not play well with the Lithonia Track Lighting system using low-voltage LED lights, which flickered and buzzed. I eventually replaced the LED lights with Edison filament type lights, which worked fine.Also, you can not use WEMO dimmers on a 3-way lighting scheme, that is, 2 light switches that operate the same set of lighting, i.e. light switches on either end of the kitchen that control the same track lighting.A user experience issue I have a huge problem with is the perpetual pulsating blue light that causes a huge problem if this dimmer is installed in your bedroom. It's enough to light up the bedroom at night and keep you from sleeping. After 3 months I started taping some plastic packaging over the dimmer at night to try and block most of the ambient light coming from the dimmer. I really wish WEMO would consider this issue and have some way of turning down the luminosity of the dimmer to account for bedroom scenarios.Wemo Dimmer Wi-Fi Light Switch, Works with Alexa and Google Assistant
Five Stars I LOVE THIS PLUG
Works great and no problem with a window AC unit. I am currently using this on a window AC unit and it is perfect for that. I was worried the unit may get hot but it stays nice and cool.Through the app, I can program the unit to turn on/off by itself at set times so I don't come home to a hot room and don't need to worry about turning it off at night. With a little programming through IFFT you could even set it to do so only on hot days (so I have read) but I don't know it good enough to do so. It's also nice you can control this switch from ANYWHERE through the app. For example, I was at work and realized that I did not need the AC running as it was raining and cooler that day so I just took out my phone and shut it off. Neat.
No Hub Required/Bring Your Home and Life into the Future Today I love my new Wemo mini plug, it’s great for pairing with Alexa and controlling lights or other devices. The biggest reason why I love this plug is that you can control devices without buying smart lightbulbs that will eventually burn out. I love that I can pair this directly with my Alexa/Echo without needing to buy a >$50 hub just to make everything work, hello my echo is the hub, these engineers don’t get it. I want streamlined devices and that’s what this wemo plug allows me to do. I got it $10 with a promo deal.Side note: it is so much fun turning your lights on and off with the app while watching your house from down the street. Lol my neighbors will probably be annoyed. This is a great device for those people in your family who forget to devices off when leaving the house.
Easy to connect and use Bought a second home, and didn't want the traditional timer switch, that comes on everyday at such and such time. Easy to install, heck you just download the app, plug in the smart plug, connect to your wifi, plug whatever item into it. In my case I added a lamp. I added a random times for the light to come on and go off. The first 2 days great, I love it and ordered two more for my current home, for when I'm away
Five Stars Working very well with my google home
Never been detected by wemo app and Google home I spent half hour to connect it. It was detected just for 10 seconds. Then nerver work again. Give up
Great WiFi Plug This is a great little WiFi plug. We actually use it with our window unit air conditioner. This allows us to turn it on and off from the app on our phone, or through our Google Mini. When we are not home, I can check the temp inside our house on my Nest thermostat, and turn the AC on remotely. Really nice product - highly recommend.
Five Stars THIS LITTLE GUY IS AWESOME
Only good for one house The app does not allow you to control switches in two locations - as in a main home and a vacation home.
Works fine except it causes my dimmer compatible LED light to buzz fairly loud The product works fine and has many features however it causes my LED dimmer compatible kitchen light to hum very loudly especially as you dim down the light. Hard to enjoy the dim light atmosphere when it's buzzing really loud.
Very Easy For Seniors They work (I bought 3)!!!! I had purchased YTE brand smart plugs and spent like 7 hours trying to get them to work - never could - sent back. I had heard from someone else that they had WEMO with no problem so I thought I'd try WEMO and they are absolutely perfect. I had no problems whatsoever with the app and setup. I was able to use the Echo, Google Home, Kindle Fire HD10, Samsung S5, Samsung S2 and iPhone 6s. The WEMO app is very easy with just maybe a couple of steps.
No special controller needed for Alexa Amazingly great quality. Works out-of-the-box with my Echo Dot. Set up a routine that shuts off these when I leave. Pretty slick.
How can this product have a high average review? Bought 3 of these devices. The first one setup fine, but kept having wifi issues and had to get reset once a day. One of the other two never worked controlling the lights in the same spot as the first one. Didn't bother trying to set up the third one after the experience with the first two.
Cannot hook second outlet up... I bought one and loved it, so I bought another. Grrrrr, I cannot get it to work! Very frustrating and disappointing.
Easy to setup Easy to setup
Works great and nice app. Easy to install, works great, and app is really nice. Got it working with Alexa in just a couple of minutes. Even the dimmer setting works with Alexa (which I thought wasn't supported or at least isn't with other devices)
This is really good but it does need some engineering rework. I just installed a WeMo light switch into a 2 gang light switch box. I ran across an issue where the original 2 gang face plate sticks out and looks very unprofessional. to figure out why, I placed the switch into the multi-gang face plates which let me see that the face plate has plastic reinforcing nubs (strengthening the screw holes) causing the plate to stick out. I was able to grind (with a Dremel) the nubs on the inside of my face plate and the plate fits perfectly.One thing to note, I doubt I would be able to get a second smart switch into this 2 gang box. I am trying to figure out if I can get more than one into a 3 gang and a 4 gang box. The fact is, there are a bunch of wires in the box and these switches take up a bunch of room. It would also be nice if they had a 3 way version like the TP Link one. And a bigger ask, a 3 way dimmer.Once installed connecting this to the network was pretty simple. Powered on the breaker, the switch went into setup mode, flashing green and amber. found its broadcast wifi network and connected my phone, then ran the WeMo app to finish the install. The switch then went green and control from my phone was working. I then did a discovery from the Alexa app and added it to my smart devices.
Five Stars This was easy to install. Absolutely love how I can turn on the lights when I am away
Exactly what I wanted Love that I can control the lights I can even set it on a timer. Works perfect I can control it from my phone
They are perfect, easy to set up and the Wemo App ... I have 4 Wemo Mini's and this Wemo light switch. They are perfect, easy to set up and the Wemo App has been flawless so far (5 months).
Wemo and Alexa make for a great team! I love my Wemo! Very easy to set up. Now Alexa turns my bedside light on before I enter a dark room and turns it off when I'm cozy and tucked into bed. Definitely going to buy several more!
... bought mine with the promo code and I'm so happy to have it in my house I bought mine with the promo code and I'm so happy to have it in my house.Our home has a standing lamp that's not easy to access and this plug is just perfect for this lamp! It was really simple to connect to the home's WIFI and Alexa. It has made a pain in the butt situation so much simplier that I'm getting more for the rest of the rooms!
Does what it promises... Got this on sale and it has been a good product. No trouble with the app or setup. Will get more if they go on sale again.
Highly recommended! This light switch is perfect! The installation instructions were thorough, the light switch is very responsive to both physical touch and remote activation, and it even syncs up with my Google Home.I was worried at first when I noticed the light switch got quite warm to the touch. After some initial research, the heat is from the blue-tooth device, which is totally understandable.
Works Perfectly! No more waking up in the dark to make coffee, I just set the timer and my kitchen light turns on every morning when I wake up. I also love the long press feature that allows you to toggle a different WeMo device by holding the switch for a few seconds. I have a lamp that is difficult to reach, so having this act as the remote light switch really helps. I've had many occasions where I have left the light on accidentally, and it's incredibly easy to open up the app and turn off the light.
Five Stars Works great and love the look. Very clean and sleek!
Incompatible with my smart home system. Good until you try and add it to Samsung SmartThings.
Doesn't work! Lots of people with similar problems! This thing doesn't work. I have a ton of connected home products and have only had a problem with this one. Tried tons of the suggestions online and it just seems like the engineers over at Belkin really need to step it up. Many people (including me) have not been able to get past the joining-my-wifi part of setup. The solutions they offer you don't work and the ones available from other customers online are way too intense for even someone with some router know-how. It's just unreasonable. And annoying. And a waste of my money. Wish I never bought this dumb thing.
Does not work, just gonna throw it in trash., not worth trouble to return it. My wife and I have bought a alexa show and a echo plus and also a dot, we have several lights we control and we decided to buy this wemo plug to control our fan, after about 2 hours of trying to figure this out nothing worked. The wemo app couldn't find our wireless signal only thing that showed up on app was our printer. We called them and jumped through a bunch of hoops with no success after a while we just told them to forget it. I will say tech support was friendly though and somehow we got disconnected and they called back which was nice. I defenetly will never buy this again and don't recommend to anyone else.
Very poor product Beware, very poor product
Great concept but works horribly with Amazon Alexa I replaced most of my light switched in my house with the wemo light switch. Great concept but works horribly with Amazon Alexa. Half the time the switches do not work with my voice commands because the device cannot be found. Firmware is updated and the switches are present in the Alexa App. Look for another alternative if you are using with the Amazon Alexa devices in your home....
Could not get it set up... Bought this and was never able to connect it to my network. Tried 2.4 and 5GHz bands, but the app never recognizes the plug and ends with an error to start the process again. Based on this experience I wouldn't buy Wemo products again.
Sometimes it sees wifi networks, sometimes not. Laggy performance and annoying pairing.
Great switch, very convenient Great switch, very convenient. I took me a couple of times to get it connected to my wifi but overall, I am very happy with it.
Perfect light timer and switch This works great and didn't take too love to set up. I love that I can set a timer or turn it on and off via the app, Alexa, Siri, etc. or on the Wemo itself. Wonderful gadget!!
Five Stars Using this to replace my old dial timers
Great product The product connected very quickly and setup was easy. Works great with Alexa and responds quickly
Works as described Set this up to turn my oscillating fan on at bedtime and off in the morning. I can see where this would work well for turning on table lights if we were out late. I think it’s a good idea, but it seems kind of big on the outlet.
Excellent These are the best programmable light switches I’ve owned. They are easy to setup and I love that I don’t have to manually reset them every time the power flickers.
Sync instructions is Ok Good product..easy to use
Didn’t work for what I needed it for Works great if there is a clear site to Wiffi
I like it Easy to install and program, and as an added bonus I can control it with Alexa. Be careful what you name it... You don't want to be saying, "Alexa, turn on 'my new wemo that i added to the family room to control the lights'"
Dont buy Does not work. Tries uninstall and reinstall. NOTHING. Cannot give 0 stars
Great w/ Google Home voice control. Very difficult to use without. Will try Leviton for the next room. Installed 4 dimmers and connected to Google Home. Core function of turning a light on and off works. The dimmer touch pad is super difficult to control with any sort of precision. If it weren't for Google Home voice integration we'd likely never use the dimmer function. The "Rules" that you can set in the app work when they want to. Long Press Rule (turning off a bunch of lights by holding a single switch for 2 seconds) rarely works, and the Turn On/Off rule never does.I'll likely try Leviton switches for the next room.
Do not Recommend. We have been using the light switch for a few months and found that it works alright, but there are a few issues that should be brought to the attention of the maker.1. Dirt is the enemy. If you have ever been to a Best Buy and have seen the display for this you will probably notice it looks really dirty. Well, yours is going to look like that too. I don't believe we are messy, but the light switch seems to think we are. The non-glossy texture grabs every bit of dirt or dust and traps it.. Even trying to clean it doesn't do anything. It seems like it has stained the plastic.2. It disconnects from the internet often. When it disconnects, it needs to be manually reset and connected back on with the app. There doesn't seem to be a built in memory to grab the same connection it had before. This seems to happen at least twice a month. That doesn't seem like a big deal, but when getting a "smart" light switch you want it to work without constant tweaking.3. Lastly, the price is far too high for something like this. The only reason you would buy this is so you can have something like Alexa turn on the lights through voice. I swore to myself and my wife it was worth the $70+ dollars, but I have been proven wrong so many times by saying "Alexa, turn on the living room light" and having her say that it has been disconnected and can't communicate with the switch.After months, I found this too be a complete disappointment. When it works, its great! Pricey, but great. But for the price, I expect it to work without fail.
Good alternative to timed lights Worked great while we we’re on vacation
Great way to turn things On/Off on a schedule. Also great for monitoring energy usage. If you can catch these on sale they're a very easy recommended buy. I currently use them to set my Turtle and Snake lights on a Timmer. Much better and easier to setup than old-school manual timmers. I also use one to be able to remotely turn my AC on or Off.The function where it tells you how much power is being used is also useful. However, it is a bit limited as it only tells you the current power draw and the average. and also gives you estimated costs.
Wish it worked right with Alexa With the Wemo app we could rename it and call, it by the name. With the Alexa app, we have to call it the Wemo Mini which is annoying
unreliable wifi, avoid Despite having a strong wifi connection at the switch location, the switch is frequently grayed-out in the app and unusable. Gone through reset and setup several times. The hardware and/or software is unforgivably buggy. Do not buy.
Won’t connect Have tried numerous times to set up this device..half the time the app just shuts down during connection (I have deleted and reinstalled the app) and the other half it just won’t connect...i have tried all of the trouble shooting tips and it won’t work for me
It may take a little time to get the upgrade to go Works great but the update can be troublesome
5 star Easy to install and set up with wifi. I'll buy more of these
Alexa compatible Easy to install with alexa
Good, but don’t use in a metal electrical box We have about 7-8 Wemo plugs in the house, so it seemed logical that when we wanted a light switch, we’d use the same system. In general once the app is correctly paired with the device, we like the convenience of a smart plug/ switch. We have also integrated them into our Google Smart Home, so we can say “Hey Google, turn on the couch light”, which is convenient. Doing so does not require any programming (IFTTT, etc.) so that’s nice.In terms of fit and finish, they hit the mark. it’s well manufactured and components look good. I have two concerns, however:1) getting it online with your network remains a challenge. All previous Wemo plugs have shared this issue. The firmware shipped from the factory is usually quite out of date, and I went through several upgrades trying to get it to connect to my network. As was the case with the plugs, it seemed to hang during the upgrade process, and I had to bite the bullet and cut power/ restore, and hope for the best. Fortunately, it worked out, and I was able to connect it.2). Unlike the plugs, the switch installs in site the outlet box (no surprise). If your outlet box is metal, though, it is not as reliable as the plugs are. As I said, we’re running 7-8 plugs throughout our home, including one that it right below this switch. We are running a Meraki router (Cisco’s small business product). All of the plugs work flawlessly, whether connected to the primary router or a relay access point. However, this light switch is somewhat less reliable. There are some days where it just doesn’t come on. I’ve confirmed all programming, and it’s correct. When I’ve run it hanging outside the box as an experiment, it worked fine. But when installed in the metal box, the WiFi signal is just attenuated enough that it fails a about 1 day out of 12. Installed location is approximately 14’ away from the WiFi router, and the signal measures very clean, so it’s not the WiFi. Only conclusion I can reach is that the metal box interferes with the signal just enough to make it less reliable.
Easy to install and setup, works flawlessly with HomeKit and Alexa. I have many Wemo switches (the OG version and the Mini), and the non-dimming light switch, as well as the HomeKit bridge. Added the dimmer switch just now after I saw it at a great deal. Amazon delivered it the same day and 20 minutes later, it's installed and all setup. This switch is really cool, way cooler than the non-dimming version. Installation was easy, I highly recommend getting a non-contact voltage tester, so you can easily determine which wire is the load and which is the line, if you swap the 2 the dimmer switch won't turn on. Adding it to the app is the same as any other Wemo products. And it automatically showed up in Home app if you have the HomeKit bridge. Controlling it with Siri or the Home app is effortless, now I can add the dimming switch to my automations and it's great. If you already have Wemo products and want to replace a "dumb" dimmer switch with a smart switch, this is the way to go. To use the dimmer switch with Alexa, I had to enable the Wemo Alexa skill (my other Wemo devices don't require the skill).
Excellent Excellent
My unit was grossly defective. My unit was unusable. Even after the plug was recognized by my modem and computer,it would not allow me to complete the install process. Even worse,it actively interfered with my WiFi signal for my other devices,until I unplugged it. NOT recommended.
Absolute crap (but with nice tech support) Garbage. I spent over 30 minutes with a very nice and patient tech person to get this connected to my router and he couldn't help. If it can't link easily, why bother buying it? Returned. I'd rather pay a little more for a device that's actually user friendly. No wonder they're dumping these things for $10 - they're absolute crap
I guess some people have better luck than me There are two hours of my life I'll never get back. Returning it Monday. Tried all of their suggestions and it just wouldn't work. Seriously plug it in somewhere else, reset, reinstall? I read the bad reviews an glad to see I'm not alone. I'm also glad I only purchased one to try. A whole house of this bad tech would drive me insane.
Four Stars Sometimes it doesn't work with Alexa. But it works about 75% of the time. Worth it for the price.
Keeping the lights on and off Easy to install and use from anywhere in the world.
An easy-to-setup smart plug that is a great way to begin your smart home upgrade. This plug works perfectly! Setup was a breeze once I understood what I needed to do. The Amazon Echo works well with it without having to install any Echo Skills. There may be additional functions of which I could take advantage if I did install an additional skill, but I don't know for sure. I like that there is a manual button on the plug to switch it on and off, also. Furthermore, there is a soft, audible click when the plug turns on or off. I appreciate that subtle detail.
Easy 123 Easy installation and setup. Plate covers are a little basic.
It works as advertised... I prefer the Belking IoT eco system as they seems to at least be evolving their products over the years. Pricier but I've never had any problems. I installed this in less than 30 minutes. The plate on the switch (not the face plate) is thicke than normal switches so it took a little longer to adjust as I had three switch rocker panel, but eventually I got it adjusted properly.
Keeps disconnecting from my wifi I have been dying to try out the smart plug ever since I found out it was Alexa compatible, however I am having a hard time enjoying it. I do not know why, but my Wemo Mini keeps disconnecting from my wifi, so I am constantly having to set it back up again...not sure if this is something to do with my wifi or with the Wemo itself, although all my other devices seem to be working just fine... Aside from that issue, I do really enjoy it when it is signed on. I love the ease of being able to direct Alexa to turn my devices on/off. Note that you do have to download a separate app on your phone (the Wemo app) to set it up and then set it up thru the Amazon echo app to connect it to Alexa.
Easy to install and setup using the app Our new WEMO light switch fit in a three gang with no problem. Easy to install and setup using the app. So far I am very pleased. We now have three WEMO plugs and one switch - all working well on their schedules. Planning to add more switches after monitoring performance for 30 days.
Straight forward installation and setup Very easy to install and set up. Working perfectly with my Amazon Echo. So far, seems to be holding up better than my previous Maxcio which was more confusing on installation, and then fried when I moved it to and installed it in my new house. I like working with these Wemo units much better and will definitely purchase more in the near future.
Smart Home Heaven Is Right I purchased the light switch 2-pack and had them installed them separately to control my exterior carriage lights. Absolutely LOVE the convenience. They turn on and off on a timer I set on my phone. Highly recommend this product.
They're great for home automation and look good with the regular ... I bought several of these for my renovation. They're great for home automation and look good with the regular (non-wifi) flat light switches I have. It took a second to figure out how the dimming function works - slide you finger over the little dots up or down to dim, push the bottom half of the switch to turn on and off - but now they're all set up and communicating well with Alexa. Can't speak to installation, because my contractor installed them all, but he didn't mention them being difficult. Would recommend.
The only thing I dont like about it is that Google Home doesn't recognize this ... The only thing I dont like about it is that Google Home doesn't recognize this as a light? If I say 'turn off the lights in kitchen' it only turns off a bulb i have over the sink. If I say 'turn off everything in the kitchen' then these turn offProbably a google home issue and therefore didn't deduct a star
Five Stars Easy to install and use!
Works great The only problem I had was the need for wrapping up the white wire with a group of white wires when installing. It said to wrap it but I had a bunch of them and had to look online. All in all though this is a great system. Very happy.
Bad firmware Did Belkin actually release a product with untested flaky firmware? The hardware is great but the firmware not so much. I got this to work in my office but moved it to my home and it couldn't connect to my home WiFi. It wouldn't connect after I enter in my WiFI password. I missed the return window by a few days as I tried to work through this issue and not be quick to quit on it. Its been a waste of time and money. Terrible that Belkin releases flaky products like this. Wemo helpdesk was unable to resolve.
Pretty nice Fairly straightforward and easy to install. The app is slow at loading and responding, but works perfectly fine with Alexa. Otherwise the light switch itself works great. Plus looks nice .
It works no hassle So easy to set up. Completely seamless. Great device
Five Stars This product is awesome and connected with Alexa very easily.
The dimmer switch looks nice however the dimmer slider is a little picky about ... The dimmer switch looks nice however the dimmer slider is a little picky about exactly how you slide it and will take some getting used to. There is also a noticeable delay between pressing the button and the switch activating. I do wish there was a way to integrate it with my Philips Hue Hub so it could be a part of my away from home mode more easily, but overall I would recommend it.
But very easy to use Still getting used to it. But very easy to use . I used a coupon code and the deal was too good to pass up.
Simple setup So easy to set up and works great!
Works so great I bought 2 of them Works so great I bought 2 of them. I use them to turn on/off my lights when not home, it makes it look like I'm home when they randomly turn on and off. Easy to control with my smartphone from anywhere in the world.
Very nice looking, smooth operating dimmer. Attractive, smooth operation. The ability to set minimum dimming level is a nice feature. Voice control thru Alexa is good, but I have suffered from lost connection a couple of times.
Perfect outlet for using Alexa. Awesome device, works as advertised. Easy to set up with my Alexa. Only negative is when there is a power serge or outage the outlet has to be reconnected to Alexa.
I love it! I’ll be buying more!! I love this mini smart plug! It’s small so I can put 2 in the same outlet when I get another. It was very easy to set up and now I can turn my floor lamp off with Alexa’s help! So fun!
Loving this product! Loving this product!
Easy to install, easy to use, nice application. I like it. Easy to install, easy to use, nice application. I like it.
These devices started out great, but have gone down hill These devices started out great, but have gone down hill. They never stay connected. Running Cisco 2600 series AP's and have two in the house to cover the square footage. All other wireless devices stay connected, about 10 other devices on the network, but not these. Belkin has ruined them with updates and would never purchase again.
Doesn't work well with android devices! Piece of crap wasted 10 bucks.
Five Stars Product is easy to install and APP is user friendly.
Works correctly about half the time. Works correctly about half the time. Very disappointing product with so much potential...
Really cool Had a little trouble at first, but finally got it. I like that you can program when the light comes on and goes off. You can also just Alexa to turn the lamp on or off. Great deal. Would buy another
Just read the instructions Easy to install & works as advertised. I bought a second one since I liked the first.
Easier than most to setup! Easy to follow steps and they work great! No issues and easier than most WiFi devices to set up.
Doesn't work It doesn't work. It will not connect to my Wi-Fi. I have great connections at my home and I've been trying to set this up for the last hour and a half. DO NOT PURCHASE. IT'S CRAP. I will try to return if it's not too late. I was dumb enough to purchase 2 of these horrible plug ins. Do not make the same mistake I did. Buy another brand.
Very practical Works wonders! Wait until you need to turn off every single light in a room and are already tucked in, nice and warm in bed.
LOVE IT! Just so easy and so amazing!
Drops connectivity Not sure I can blame the switch, but after a couple of days Alexa dropped connectivity. Now still works via wemo app, but as not via Alexa it is pointless for me.
Four Stars Great deal
Highly recommend Added to my smart houseWorking also with SmartThing perfect
Three Stars The iOS app is terrible, and doesn't really integrate well with Apple Home.
Alexa is great with this I use this item daily now. When I go to bed, im laying down and just tell alexa to turn off the lights instead of having to go up and turn it off
Set up was easy Works flawlesslySet up was easyI am enjoying the product
Five Stars I love my Wemo Mini.
Five Stars Unlike many other smart home devices, always stays connected to my wifi.
Took over 3 hrs to get it to work. I don't remember when I've cussed so much. I was going to buy more of these Wemo Mini Smart Plugs, but not now. I put my home network together with over 14 devices and was able to do it in less than 30 minutes to get all working... this thing took over 3 hrs all by itself and I am not exactly sure what it was that got it to work and I definitely do not want to go thru that again. I would not recommend this device to anyone but my worst enemies. I gave it two stars because it is working, but after three hours, I don't know how I got it to work. However, connecting this device did allow me to freshen up on many of my long lost cuss words. I am very proficient at most all cuss words now. Time to go to confession.
Don't waste your money. Product worked for 1 week then just quit and would not hook up to the wi-fi again. Don't waste your money.
Five Stars exclente producto
Five Stars I have three, all working flawlessly.
... expected and gets us one step closer to a Smart Home. Integration with Alexa is easy Works exactly as expected and gets us one step closer to a Smart Home. Integration with Alexa is easy.
works well setup was pretty easy. straight forward operations.
Needs neutral wire Work great. Easy to install and put app on phone
Crap in a box Easy install. Switch would either not connect to my wifi or would connect to my wifi, but then not connect to the device. The one time I had it working I could not connect it to my Alexa Echo. The other issue was that when I had it connected my Econ would not recognize any of my other devices, I had to re-discover all my other devices to get it working again. Reset Wemo and now it is an expensive switch with a pretty blinking night light.
Ugh. Try something else. Nothing but trouble from day one trying to work with Alexa. Very inconsistent. Can't get groups to work at all. When I start the app it goes into an endless upgrade process that never gets done.
Hope the power doesn’t go out! Works fine most of the time. But if the power goes out, or you unplug to move it, my experience is that it must be reinstalled from scratch.
Two Stars Works with phone but not compatible with Googe Assistant like advertised
It does not work IIt worked well when started with both Google Home and IFTT, but then I realized that I could not do it from another place, to turn it on I have to be on the same WiFi network; and for the last change the wifi in the house and now I can not reconfigure it again. that is to say, it does not work for me either in the same house.
Easy to install. This dimmer was easy to install. Works well and with other home automation devices.
Useless!!! Used this item for a few months... then all of a sudden, none of the three plugs connect to my wifi. I reset my router, changed routers, tried connecting to the modem... NOTHING!Lousy product!
All Wemo-s must be on the same network to work. How Stupid is that. If you wish to control things at different places you best get a different phone for each place you want to control. I would never of guessed that their app was so poor that all wemos must be on the same network to work in their app. They should have a flashing warning in their description of their Wemo products.
NO< JUT DONT ITS RIDICULOUSLY HARD TO HOOK UP. 10 minute peanalty for trying to many times. ANNOYING! It couldn't hook up to my wifi and then locked me out for 10 minutes for my safety. I am throwing it away just like the money spent on this frustration piece. Not heavy enough to be a paper weight so trash heap here it comes.
No support impossible to set up. After 2 hours of following setup instructions, resetting the item to factory settings, and no product support, I gave up and I am returning these items.
I enjoy the ease of installation I enjoy the ease of installation, the quiet click when they go on, the ease of programming. I use these switches for lights and fans all over the house. I use Amazona Alexa to interface with them, so from the garage I can turn on lights outside that I don't have access to in the garage, what a handy feature. I get up in the middle of the night, I can have the family room lights go on with a single command.What would I like Wemo to do..1. I want to be able to tell the switch/outlet to do something, through Alexa, for 30 minutes. Like "Turn on fan for 30 minutes" so when I go to bed it will shut off after I have fallen a sleep.2. I need WeMo to be supported in Stringify so I can program the fan to go off after 30 minutes, until you can work out how I can issue the command through Alexa.I recommend WeMo. Simple to install and I have had no issues. Note:Stay away from smart light bulbs, they go on after a power failure.
Works great with alexa Easy to install. Initial sync not bad to get working but the firmware updates every so often break it and require new install.
They are probably good switches, but they require a 3rd Neutral wire They are probably good switches, but they require a 3rd Neutral wire, which my house does not have. The description should mention this in bold print in the description.
Great Product Have had it installed for a few days, works exactly as advertised. I did have some trouble updating to our new Wi-Fi network. I set it up on our network but had to make some changes to the network and updated the Wi-Fi name and password. It took me about a day or resetting and sorting out the new settings with the light switch but it works fine now. The Insight outlets were much easier to update.
WeMo light switch works perfectly but could be manufactured to avoid wires and caps. Received the WeMo light switch to use with front porch lights to avoid having to turn them on and off manually. Installation instructions were clear and the most problem I had was with the small electric box and getting all the wires in. A better approach would be to have wire insert holes like many light switches currently have to avoid the need for additional wires and caps, which take up quite a bit of room. After installation it worked perfectly, although programming the light switch took a few tries (my fault as I couldn't recall the best way to program it and the WeMo app was not of great help, but I figured it out). Its been working for three days now and (along with a hall light connected to a WeMo mini) has been going on at sunset and off at sunrise. Fully functional through the app and Amazon Alexa as well.
I am by no means an electrician but I was able to impress my wife by installing this all by myself just following their easy instructions. Didn't take 30 min to install and ... This did exactly what I wanted it to do. I needed something to automate my porch lights and it just works. I am by no means an electrician but I was able to impress my wife by installing this all by myself just following their easy instructions. Didn't take 30 min to install and I was in business. I absolutely recommend this item.
Easy install, nice software This worked perfectly with Amazon Echo. Easy install, nice software, no complaints.
For those without wired internet, does not work with a wi-fi hotspot I'm writing this from the perspective of someone without access to standard internet, rural area. I hope this helps those with similar situations. I'm using an AT&T Velocity as a wi-fi hotspot, which is my sole internet access, with an Echo Plus with hub. I purchased this Wemo mini when offered with a discount, so figured, what the heck, give it a try, if it doesn't work, not out a lot of money or hassle to return. Even though it did not work for me, I gave 4 stars for the following reasons: 1) appears very well made & went into set up mode within seconds of plugging it in 2) small footprint allows use of the other socket or plugging in two of these 3) easy download of app for kindle fire or android phone 4) App recognized & connected to the mini plug within seconds and 5) appears that with a proper & compatible home network/router, set up would have been a breeze & the device up & running in just a few minutes.The app was unable to connect or even find my wi-fi hotspot & apparently, the plug is not meant to. I am grateful the plug was on special, so great opportunity to try it for my situation. I'll either hang on to it in hopes that real internet will be available one day in my area, or it will make a great gift for a good price. At least now I know wi-fi enabled smart plugs won't work with a hotspot. BTW, I am successfully running 3 fire tablets, an Echo Plus with hub, Echo, Dot & a Tap, as well as a Fire TV Stick, along with 6 Phillips Hue bulbs with 2 - 3 bars of service on the Velocity hotspot, which is just amazing. For now, it seems the way to go for those of us who are internet access challenged would be zigbee compatible smart plugs which do require a hub, in my case, the Echo Plus.That said, if Wemo offers such a plug or if my internet situation changes that this mini plug would work, I would definitely purchase based on the quality & ease of use based on what I was able to do with set up using the Wemo app & device, even though not compatible with my internet access.
The required wires don't exist Maybe newer homes have all these extra wires, but my house, built in the 60s only has 3 wires: white, black and green. This switch requires 5 wires: 2 white, 2 black and 1 green. Customer support was completely useless, just told me to read the instructions again.
Works great! Works as advertised. Easy to install and use
A must have! Easy to install and pair. Works well with the WeMo App, and Alexa. Now we never come home to a dark front porch.
Great WIFI Controls Wemo!!! Have tried many different WIFI lighting controls, these are hands down my favorite. The controls, I have both WIFI light switches as well as plugs and are always on the network ready to operate. The dusk to dawn with your zip code location is so much better than scheduling the lights to cut on and off keeping you from having to adjust the times for winter, spring, summer and fall.
I can finally get rid of my old Clapper! No More clap on; clap off. Now Alexa can argue with me.
Great product. Wasn't impressed with instructions. Works great but took a long time to figure out how to hook it up to Alexa. Instructions that come with it show ONLY how to connect it to your android phone. Had to search the internet and try several times to connect it to Alexa. Finally got it to work and it does work great. Just wish there were better instructions to hook it to Alexa.
Very easy to install Work so far, no issues. Very easy to install.
Positive experience. I have installed 4 of these to replace some Insteon dimmer switches which were not as reliable as I had hoped they would be. Since they are freshly installed, I cannot speak as to their longevity but since I have strong wifi throughout my home, I anticipate connectivity issues to be few. Installation was simple as they were replacing other home automation switches. If it is a new installation they should install easily as long as you have a line/load/neutral wire in your switch box.These switches occupy more volume than traditional switches so be prepared to organize and stuff the wires behind the switch! Programming the switches is easy enough but as you install more switches the interface gets a bit crowded. No serious complaints as the programming should not need to be fooled around with much once it is done.
Easy install and setup! Very easy to install and setup! Up and running in less than 20 mins! Great value and very convenient! Wemo app makes it super easy to setup timer and rules and integrates seamlessly with Alexa!
Cool wifi enable light switch It is a good wireless tech product. The only thing that i find weird is it take a little bit of getting use to turning it on/off manually for it is not your typical rocker or flip switch. The app is good but some instructions are confusing but eventually you can figure it out.
Full function smart plug, reliable, and works with Alexa Wemo is a popular brand for smart plug if not the most popular one. I found that it has all the functions you expect out of a smart plug, schedule to to turn/off, vacation mode, and sun rise/sun set timing. One thing special about it is that it works with Alexa. That is the one I have this one. And that may be the reason it costs more than other smart plug. I have been using it for one and half years now. It is still working, and I am very happy with it.
Alexa plus Wemo - great combo Alexa plus Wemo makes turning off lights simple.
i'm not making my system less secure so you can be a part of my smart home system not connecting to a wifi, and it might be because i had the audacity to use a secure password with a symbol in it.No, Wemo, i'm not making my system less secure so you can be a part of my smart home system, even if you were only $10/ each.
One Star Total waste of time - Extremely difficult to connect and once it is it never registers as active/connected
Thumbs up I have installed 3 at my home, I use them for outdoor lights so I can set the timer or turn them off/on remotely. Electrical install is easy for DYI’ers but they cannot be at the end of the circuit as it requires two black wires to be attached.Connecting to the app is fairly simple, it takes just a minutes. I have had to hit the “reset” button on them before getting them to connect.App is easy to use and it seems to be a good product that has lasted. They reconnect themselves even after power outages so they are low maintenance once you have them installed.
Five Stars easy to set up and works great!
Great product! Easy to install and set up. Works great.
Great plug. Simple setup. Zero problems. There are a lot of cheap smart plugs out there, but I went with this WeMo for two reasons: WeMo/Belkin has been around pretty much since the beginning of the smart home and isn't likely to go away, and they have a whole ecosystem of components that work together using the same app and support. I could save a few bucks, but I want to know everything is going to work together, and work for more than three months.I really like the form factor of this plug; allowing two plugs in a standard outlet is hugely helpful. That said, it would be great if they could manage to make it somewhat narrower - it takes up a lot of space in a surge protector if it has to be placed length-wise. (I would happily trade a little thickness for less width.) The look is sleek and minimal, and the on/off button is very convenient.One final reason I chose this one is because of the option of using a bridge to make it HomeKit (Apple/Siri) compatible. I'm currently using an Amazon Echo Dot, but the rest of my system is Apple-based and wanted the option to switch over to that platform if I choose to in the future.
Got it for $10 with a coupon (I guess there's a reason why) This was probably the least successful smart device I've ever used. The connection was unreliable, the app was far from helpful. Just for reference I have a smart thermostat (and an Alexa) within feet of this and they both work fine.
Wemo is awesome! Used the Wemo switch for my front porch light. Works as expected and was easy to install and configure.
Great item. I had a little trouble getting started Great item. I had a little trouble getting started, but once I did, it was a cinch to install! Liked it so much I bought another!
Excellent product. This is my second product and i ... Excellent product. This is my second product and i am extremely satisfied with the product. I highly recommend this product for home automation. Easy to install and configure.
Simple set up, works just wonderfully. Recommend! I feel like a technical genius. Lol. I FINALLY found the one app and smart plug that works with a Kindle only. This also works with my Echo Dot but my smartphone is broken and being fixed. Setup was very, very easy and the light worked immediately. So far I am quite pleased with this.
Three Stars Good product but doesn’t pick up medium to faint WiFi signals(other products in same location do)
It's a "Maybe" for me, dawg. 2018-06-20 at 4:52 PM: The software does NOT work on Android P. Used an Oreo device instead. Got the device setup, but now Alexa won't work on my Android P device so I can sync the two. Good times.2018-06-20 at 4:45 PM: Yeah, no. It might have something to do with using Android P, but then I couldn't get the software to install on Oreo. Regardless, the app NEVER prompted me to set up the wifi network on this device. Ergo, no worky right out of the boxy. I spent about 2 hours trying everything I could (and I'm a former IT tech), but I never got past first base. Even for $10 during the sale, I'm sending it back.
Wish they were more affordable but I love the functionality and ability to operate other Wemo devices ... Wish they were more affordable but I love the functionality and ability to operate other Wemo devices with a long press of the button
<3 App works great, setup is quick Really neat, I’m using mine with a program that monitors the weather, my roof-de ice cables will be “smart” this year rather than being left on for weeks at a time killing my electric bill! <3App works great, setup is quick, being able to monitor real time Kw and $ used is a nice feature to verify that systems are functional and “turned on”.Great Job Belkin!
Great Alexa component. Love it! Works great with Alexa and with app. Easier to access than similar product I use with my home alarm system, and response time is quicker.
Would recommend to others Works very well. Would recommend to others.
Five Stars love this product
It took some setting up It took some setting up, but I got it to work. Comes in handy in the right situation.
Love these plugs. I have three of these and love them. They control my landscape lighting, security cameras, lights and Christmas lights in the winter. I've heard some have issues with connecting. I've found that once they are set up they work beautifully. Remember to reset your router if you encounter update or connection issues and you'll love these as well.
setting the switches up was/were super easy. I installed the switches linked them up I bought my switches a few years ago and was afraid to install them myself so they've been sitting on my shelf. Fast forward to this weekend and I finally mustered up the balls to go ahead and install the switches. Mind you, it was not the fear of doing the electrical work more so the fear of what the previous owner left me when it comes to installing new switches. Needless to say its very backwards to what you would find everywhere else on the internet.With that said, setting the switches up was/were super easy. I installed the switches linked them up, got Alexa working with them they were AWESOME!!! I noticed one of the switches required an update so I went ahead and ran the update process... This was Saturday night. The switch is STILL in updating and I cannot seem to get it to delete or reset. So I am down a switch. Working condition they're awesome, but running the update they suck, and seem to brick.
Great addition to your smart home After some initial problems getting it connected, I love this light switch. I have it linked with my Google Home and can just tell it to turn on or off now.A bit expensive but a great product.
Loved what it did I started off purchasing the mini plug. Used it. No problem at all. Loved what it did. Decided to try the light switches. Lets just say I purchased the two pack...ordered another two pack...and... I am now ordering another two pack. Am loving what they do. Easy to install and easy to program. Updates happen and not a problem. Its terrific walking into rooms and verbally, putting on or off, the lights and ceiling fans. In addition, after reading the brochures and online information, it is quite clear that WEMO is there to stand behind their products. I am confident, if I, encounter a problem, they would be there to help me through it.
Major smart home upgrade The dimmer switch is a way better option to me than buying individual smart lightbulbs. It's easy to install and works great with my Alexa devices. It instantly made my house feel way more high-tech and we are going to be saving money as we now usually keep the lights at about 60-70% all the time.Note - Some of the existing light switch wire boxes in my house were a bit small so the dimmer didn't fit at first. Check to make sure you have a fairly big wire box.
Set up was easy. If you have ever installed a basic light ... Set up was easy. If you have ever installed a basic light switch or outlet you should be able to handle installing this. Easy to program and pair with Wi-Fi and my phone. Purchased 3 in total and have not had any issues.
Once I wired it right, it's great! Boy, at first I was pissed. Darn thing didn't work like it was supposed to. My lights flickered, and it would disconnect from my network frequently. However, after some tinkering, it turned out to be my fault. I had not hooked up the neutral wire securely. After that was fixed, boyo do I love it! Porch lights come on at sunset, off at sunrise like clockwork. Once you install it, do allow a few hours for all the firmware updates to install. That took longer than their website said it would, just be patient. Also works great with Alexa voice control.
Easy to install & format Very easy to install & format.
Stopped working, couldn't troubleshoot it; found a better option This quit working on me twice--the first time, I was able to successfully reset it, but the second time, I never got it working again. I finally gave up and replaced it with the Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug Mini by TP-Link because I already had a couple other TP-Link smart home products that worked really well. The TP-Link smart plug works IMMENSELY better than the Wemo. When it WAS working, the Wemo took about 4-5 seconds to turn my device on/off, whereas the TP-Link smart plug only takes 1-2 seconds. To date, I haven't had any issues with the TP-Link one.The horror stories are all true. Look elsewhere if you want a reliable smart plug.
Five Stars Loooooooove this product!
Great Product! Easy to install and setup on the Wemo app. Super simple to work on the app.
Five Stars Very easy to install and works great with my google home. I want to put these everywhere.
Wemo Mini Smart Plug, Wi-Fi Enabled Wemo works very well with Alexa.Wemo Mini Smart Plug, Wi-Fi Enabled, Works with Alexa and Google Assistanthttps://www.amazon.com/dp/B01NBI0A6R/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_28
Works great but overpriced I would give this 5 stars because it does what it says it does and I have never had an issue using it. It is also very small and doesn't block the second outlet on a wall plate (although if you use it on a power strip it does block other outlets.) The reason I give it 4 stars is the price. This wi-fi enabled smart plug works great but does not have any power monitoring ability like its even more expensive brother the Wemo Insight Smart Plug and there are other, cheaper wi-fi plugs that are highly rated and do the same thing as this one for half the price. Some of them even have the power monitoring software and yet still cost less. Power monitoring software lets you keep track of energy usage.Like I said it works great and I have never had any connection issues. It is a great wi-fi smart plug, just overpriced for only being able to turn something on or off.
Watch your wire placements! Got this and 2 hours was up and running. Not because of the switch—more me being an idiot and not connecting things correctly. I’m really happy with the product and this is going to help me and my girlfriend from constantly saying “hey will you shut off that light?” Lazy butts that we are we have most lights on Wemo devices and love them!
#worthit Absolutely love it! Love controlling my patio lights via the WEMO app and Alexa. Though it’s not for outdoor use, my outlet outside is well covered, so I’m not too worried about it. I’ve set my lights to automatically turn off/on during sunset/sunrise, but you can also set specific times via the app. I plan on expanding the WEMO fam! Oh and you can access remotely!
Reliable, no issue once installed. The switch works well and once installed I have not had any problems over the last few years. It recovers well from either a power outage or an internet outage. The Integration with IFTTT has made it very useful in building routines.
I like it but don't like the fact that the blue ... I like it but don't like the fact that the blue light only is on during initial set-up. When you feature it in ALL you imagery, it should be a feature...perhaps acting as a night light. Otherwise, works well.
Four Stars Works great, but is awful bulky.
Absolutely perfect product. Works exactly as described Absolutely perfect product. Works exactly as described. I use it to charge my Prius Plugin Car 2012 model.I'll buy more for my home usage!
they were good. Despite your Tech Support's best attempts I can ... After hours of troubleshooting which included two lengthy Tech Support calls, I have reached the conclusion that your product is just not worth any additional effort. Your replacement policy is abysmal.Please pass on my sincerest thank you to your two Tech Support folks. They were very knowledgeable and patient. Honestly, they were good.Despite your Tech Support's best attempts I can now safely say that I nor my family will ever purchase another Belkin Wemo product again. Way too much of my time was expended to resolve a simple connectivity issue. Your product now resides in my trash bin until garbage collection day.Sincerely,
Five Stars Great value and timely shipping, works perfectly.
Five Stars Love this device. Easy setup. Easy to use interface.I have many of these.
So many uses! convenience in your home! Use this on my outdoor garage lights and the switch is in the detached garage (so very inconvenient to turn on and off) - this enables me to control from my smartphone and have evening timers set. Extremely convenient and works GREAT!
Add said for replacement of current dimmer. It is ... Add said for replacement of current dimmer. It is not say need a ground wire. Will not work with older wiring with out ground.
Best Wifi Dimmer I've ever used (and owned!) This switch never lets me down. I have other brands of Wifi switches that work on and off with Alexa and Google Home. This switch works every....single....time.I won't go into too much detail. It was very easy to install because it comes with the colored wires that I simply matched to my outlet. Because the wires come from this device, I just had to pop the cap on and voila, that's it - vs. other switches where I have to take the wires, re-twist or shave them and put them into a slot in the switch.Software is dead easy to use. You can't possibly mess up installation. Has some pretty nice modes and settings for automation after the fact. One mode I really like is auto-off mode. My home is semi automated. I have Amazon Echos AND Google Homes in almost every bedroom. I have wifi bulbs all over the place. Every closet and bathroom has an occupancy/vacancy sensor which turns on when someone goes in, stays on for as long as they're in there and then goes off shortly after they exit. You can't really use an occupancy sensor with a bedroom, well, you can, technically. You can use something that you manually turn on and will stay on for as long as it detects motion and turns off automatically when you leave. I wanted a dimmer for my master bedroom and it's very nice to know that I can enable this sort of behavior with this device when I want it.This is a bit more expensive than others you may see out there but in many ways, it's very much worth it. I will wait until it goes on sale and buy one for every bedroom in my home eventually.
Great product Great product
Five Stars Really cool and easy to set up ..
works good with alexa how ever was a little hard to ... works good with alexa how ever was a little hard to connect. after a few tries i got it
Didn’t work. Returned Would not link with my home system or iphone
One Star Can't get it to connect to alexa
Five Stars Works great
Easy to install and use Very easy installation and easy to use after! Love that my google home can control it from anywhere in the house
Great to have Great to use a little hard to set up would definitely buy more
setup a bit tricky. Quick response from the device.Setup was a bit tricky, but we got it done despite some saying the process doesn't work.On power outage you only need to ask your Alexa device to connect to it and you're up and running again.
A great plan with questionable execution Great when it works, which is infrequent. I feel that I'm always resetting, reconfiguring, reconnecting and then getting up and turning on the lights. Whatever you do don't update the firmware! The devices have been updating firmware now for 3 weeks - never completes.
Still haven't been able to get it working right, ... Still haven't been able to get it working right, but was a quick delivery and hoping it's going to do what it's supposed to do!
Don't waste your money or time with these Wemo Mini "Not Smart" Plugs. I want to give you a full report so you don't waste your time. I'm a very technical person, I have installed Schlage Sense Smart Deadbolt, Chamberlain Garage Door Opener, LIFX Lights, Sonos One, and of course Amazom Echo Show and Spot in our home to name a few. I use an Orbi 2 Satelite Mesh System to run WiFi throughout our home. Our WiFi Strength is so strong I get a signal at the furthest distance from the Orbi way in my backyard I have an older Belkin WeMo Insight Switch Smart Plug which although was a little quirky setting it up and establishing a connection, I was able to get it to work eventually. It took a couple of times and resets but since then it has worked without any problems. Even if power is lost it reconnects again when the power returns.NOT this Wemo Mini. I bought 2 of them and after 1 1/2 hours of trying I could not get either one of them to be recognized and connect to my WiFi Network. Yes, I did all of the trouble shooting you can imagine. I Reset them to the Factory Defaults, Deleted the Wemo App (iPhone Version - I'm using the iPhone 7 Plus with the most current OS) and reinstalled the App. I restarted my iPhone. I turned off Cellular Data, I plugged them into different outlets in my home, in fact 3 feet away from my Router and Orbi.... NOTHING. At first the set up seemed to be going smoothly, I found the device under my WiFi Settings, selected it and then went through the next steps in the Wemo App. I entered a name for the device, entered my email address as required, selected my WiFi Network and then nothing. It just keeps saying it's connecting but it never does. Sometimes at this point the App just quits.I know how usless Belkin Tech Support is so I wouldn't even bother to call them, I'm more tech savvy then they are. But I did go to their Support Forum and YES these Wemo Mini Smart Plugs are plagued with issues. Mostly just like I'm experiencing. For the lucky few who actually finally got them to connect, after hours of trying, it wasn't for long. If power was lost they would not reconnect and the process had to be started all over again. For others they would not keep a connection, they'd work for a while and then stop. Some folks the device wouldn't even appear in the App. The list of issues went on and on.Thre trouble shooting page on Belkins web site has a long list of things to do if you can't get them to work.. REALLY Belkin you know of the many issues and you can't fix the problem. Oh they will gladly take your information and get you to a "Level 2 Specialist" who know less then you do! Oh an apparently it has been noted on their web site that different production runs of the Wemo Mini will have differnt results. OMG!Anyway, I sent these back to Amazon for a full refund. I hope I save some people from having to waste their time and the aggravation with a product that just does not work as it should, especially for what they cost! I once really like them but I'm done with Belkin!
Frustrated Have been very disappointed with this product. The majority of the time it will lose connection and I have to reset and go through the connection/setup process. Starting to regret ever buying this product.
A disappointing waste of money. I'd give this zero stars if I could. Super disappointed that it didn't work. I bought this a while back, but didn't set it up until recently. The app seemed to install just fine; I set up an "away schedule" so I could test it out. The entire time the "away schedule" was active, the light switch was on, the app was connected to wifi, the light was in the on position, and properly plugged into the outlet. Unfortunately, the floor lamp plugged into it kept turning on/off randomly and continuously. There was no way I could have this happening while trying to work. It's too bad it's too late to return it; my fault for procrastinating on getting it set up.
Connection Issues - Turn breaker off and back on I do love the switch, but it occasionally loses it's connection and nothing will reconnect it except turning turning the breaker off and back on. Installation is not super easy, but I managed.
Never walk into a dark room and keep the lights turning on while your away from your house The greatest little gadget .I like that I can turn lights on from smartphone or using my amazon echo to do it for me .It is also convenient that you can use the switch on the device as well
Limited mobility - helpful Easy to install, works as described with both my phone and elects
very easy to install very easy to install, but cannot determine how to access the app on more than 1 devise, with 2 users
One Star Unless you like the frustration of having to reset the device frequently, don't buy it.
Wemo 'forever'! Like about this the MOST: everthing - works great, looks great, easy to install and a breeze to set up. Interfaces with Amazon Alexa seamlessly.Like about this the LEAST: it's not free! Just kidding - really nothing to dislike about this switch.....really!
For $40 I expect the damn thing to work! For $40 I expect the damn thing to work and be easy to connect. I've connected dozens of items like this, but couldn't get it to work with my iPhone 4S. Kept getting conflicting messages that lead me to believe it would work, but I spent 2 hours on it without success.
Wi Fi connection The set up instructions are not the greatest. If you have a WiFi booster or a dual band router It helps to shut down all signals except for the one you want to communicate with the switch. Otherwise it will connect to nothing. Once it is set up it works great.
Convenient and easy to use My son got me a Wemo light switch last year and I love the ease of it. Set it and forget it, access it through your iPhone if you want. I got regular timers for my other devices and they often seemed to fail or lose time or change and were a pain to crawl under things to reset them. I just ordered two Wemos to replace them and I am very happy. I don't have to physically access them and instead control them from my phone. I want my fragrance device to go off at appointed times during the day and only stay on for an hour so I don't use it up. I'm able to set those times easily although my only complaint is that I have to go in and out of the app screen to set each time. It would be more convenient to set all the on and off times in one shot. They are a bit expensive but over time will be worth it.
I love how easy they are to install/operate I’ve been using these switches for about 3years now. I love how easy they are to install/operate. Even better that Alexa supports them now.
Easy set up and installation Plugs were easy to set up and connect to Alexa.
I’m really happy with the product overall and it’s voice integration is ... This works really well. I’m really happy with the product overall and it’s voice integration is super cool. Unfortunately, I can’t use it on a three way switch, which is a bit of a bummer. Also since there are some extra electrical component(it needs WiFi communication) it generates a little bit of heat, which raises a questions from gf which forced me to justify I knew what I was doing lol. If they add multi switch and reduce heat output this will be worth the price.
Incredibly easy to set up I'm no stranger to home automation products and I have to say that Wemo makes it super easy to set up. The app does everything for you and even makes sure you are setting up the correct product. My favorite part part of this product is how easily it integrates with both my Amazon Echo and Google Home. Setup was really simple and it works flawlessly. I'd definitely order this product again and highly recommend it to anyone who wants to start automating things in their home.
Works Well but a Bit Pricey at Regular Price. It works well and is fairly easy to set up. I bought on sale for $10. I believe it is worth $10 but not the everyday price of $30.
This product is great. Installation was a breeze This product is great. Installation was a breeze. The most difficult part of that was getting all the wires back into a crowded two-gang switch box. Set-up was also super easy in the Wemo app. I now have a rule set for my front porch light to turn on at sunset and turn off after sunset every day, which is exactly what I wanted. I will be purchasing more of these in the future. I highly recommend this product.
Out of the box setup was a breeze and working beautifully with Alexa BUT I had to change my wifi ... I have two of these. Out of the box setup was a breeze and working beautifully with Alexa BUT I had to change my wifi password. I could get one to connect but not the other. A huge struggle with getting them to connect to wifi. I have given up. As frustrated as I am right now I should give this one star however they worked great until you have to make a change.
Easy installation and works like a charm Easy installation and works like a charm. We love not having to turn on the porch and garage lights when we go out in the afternoon just because we would be after dark getting back. Now I can turn them on with my phone on our way home. Easy hook up to both the Wemo app and Alexa for in house use.
Five Stars Very easy to intallworks great
I guess mine are Wemo Mini Stupid Plugs. They will not stay connected. Received item promptly and set up was easy but it will not stay connected. It will work once, twice if your lucky and then Alexa will prompt you to go through set up again. I don’t want to have to reinstall these every time I want to turn the lights on and off. I could just use my phone but it disconnects from it too. No wonder they were selling these for $10.00. They had to get rid of them somehow. I will be returning them. I need the exercise anyway.
Great for people who forgot to (or think they forgot to turn things off). Super easy to use and set up. I will never have a moment of panic again when I leave the house thinking that I forgot to turn off my hair straightener!
Works well when it works. Very hard to reconnect ... Works well when it works. Very hard to reconnect if it drops the WiFi signal (power loss, modem reboot, etc. ) just doesn’t want to reconnect sometimes. Can take 1 attempt or 3 days of attempts.
Easy Install, Simple Integration, Reliable Performance Integrates smoothly with Alexa for Smart Home control. Straightforward install, easy integration with your WiFinetwork...even had to change after upgrading my WIFi router...no problem. Consistent performance so far.
Solid product -Great tech support Great product. Easy installation with manual, phone,ipad and Alexa control. Excellent customer tech service support. Recommended!
Junk. Couldn't even get it to work. App ... Junk. Couldn't even get it to work. App kept freezing. Tried to reinstall and tried a hard reboot on the device. nothing worked.
I love connected home products and Wemo does a great job I love connected home products and Wemo does a great job. We transition our previous dimmer switch to a Wemo dimmer switch and love it. The convenience of being able to turn on the lights from anywhere is awesome. We also got rid of all of our timers! The product was extremely easy to setup and the instructions were very straight forward. I would recommend this product!
It works This product works great for me. I was able to turn my lights on and off while I was traveling out of state. I would recommend this to anyone.
Set up is complex. Can’t change WiFi! When I moved to another house (changed routers) it was impossible to reconnect to amazon echoThe light switch it’s self was alright when it working. But about once a month I would have to troubleshoot it.It was flashing orange (error) for about 20% of the time I owned it. Probably more of a WiFi issue though.
Five Stars Easy to set up, works perfectly with Alexa.
One Star Impossible to hook up! Doesn't find my internet. tried resetting it......NOTHING WORKS!
This was my first plugin Smart device, First several times worked great Received mine today, was excited at the $10 deal, if it worked, was going to buy several more. Turns ou,t issues with Alexa are too much to deal with. This was my first plugin Smart device, First several times worked great, an hour later, Alexa says can't find device. Reset, installed again, same thing, works great at the beginning, after a few hours doesn't recognize. Sending back.
Allows data exports, but wifi access and the setup ... Allows data exports, but wifi access and the setup process is a little buggy, because of unreliable wifi service with some networks, it doesn't seem it will work for my purpose.
One Star Not working and support is not easy to be reached! Not easy to install. Do Not Waste your Money!
Best remote switch around. This switch is great. The automatic timer is the best I’ve ever used. Also the remote is great. I can see which lights are on and turn them off remotely.
Plug Good : App Bad These guys really need to work on their App. The product works, the setup and reliability of the iPhone application could use some serious attention. Difficulties arise when you have multiple Apple devices, and 2.4GHz/5GHz wireless router.Read all the forums to troubleshoot. You’ll want to troubleshoot yourself in the head if you call Belkins 800# tech support.Hardware:Wemo BridgeWemo light switchWemo miniIPhone XAppleTV 4KiPad 6th gen
they work great with Alexa I own four of these now, they work great with Alexa.
Five Stars Easy to install, easy app to use A+
Great Dimmers I've purchased 3 of these dimmers so far. I have not had any connection issues since they have been installed which has been almost a year now. If you are an Apple user get the WeMo HomeKit bridge. The switches are more responsive in the Apple Home app rather than the Wemo app. These also have been working great and my Echo Dots.
Great product, except... Great switch, easy to install. Only problem is it won't work with a system faster than 2.5G. Had to dumb down my 5g system to get it to work. Not the way to go.
Save the hassle and just buy smart bulbs, these things suck crashes regularly. Save the hassle and just buy smart bulbs, these things suck!
Five Stars Connected to Alexa easily. Love that I can turn on hard to access switch very easily now.
Great...when they work Great - when they work. Constantly loses connection or does not respond to commands when connected to our Amazon Echo.
Easy to setup, works perfectly! Pretty easy to install and setup. Took 5 mins from unpacking to getting it working. Now I can switch on / switch off my room lamp with a voice command through my Alexa Dot!
Didn't Work for Me What a disappointment! I got the device in the mail. I opened it up and read all the materials. I followed them carefully and? It simply did not work. So I tried the suggestions if it didn't work, and none of those worked, either. There wasn't anything else to do but return it.
Great idea. Horrible implementation. Works great...when you can actually get it to set up properly. The included instructions say that the "hard part" is plugging it into an outlet. That is 100% untrue. The hard part is getting it to see your router, even if it is in the same room. The plug did a fantastic job of somehow seeing every neighbors wifi...signals from across the street, down the block...even things that my phone couldn't detect. It somehow however was unable to see my router that was 5 feet away, or even connect when I manually input the settings. After nearly an hour of troubleshooting and power cycling, it finally managed to connect. For something that appears so well designed and costs as much as it does, this should not be an issue. Searching on several forums (including their own) revealed that I am far from the only person with this problem, either. I will update this review if I run across any more issues, but I think this is more than enough to keep me from further investing in WeMo devices for the time being.
Five Stars Nice plug.
Four Stars works fairly well. every once in awhile it'll hiccup.
These are the perfect smart home accessory for Alexa - I use them ... These are the perfect smart home accessory for Alexa - I use them for my lamps and they work perfectly every time.
Freezes and Loses Connection Constantly disconnecting from Wifi and now with latest firmware update the device just freezes and I have to flip the breaker to reset because the soft reset feature doesn't do anything to fix it
WiFi must reach the place of the light switch or the app will not work. Easy to install, easier than it used to be to connect to the WiFi. Once it is connected to WiFi it works great! Can use the app to turn lights on and off from far away. Turn the garage light on as coming home or light up the boathouse from inside the house! So simple!
If I didnt have to install yet another app on ... If I didnt have to install yet another app on my phone to get this to work I'd rate this a 5 star
Worked until plugged something into it. Works until I plug something into it, then fails. I bought it to turn 1200 watt portable room air conditioner on and off. Failed. So I tried a fan. Failed.Still looking for something it will work with.
Things to be aware of Doesn't work with 3 way switches (lights that have multiple switches to turn them on). Though you may be able to work around that if you know what you're doing.Doesn't work without a Neutral wire (the white one - older construction my not have it).Once you get past that it works pretty well, and works with Alexa.Only the bottom is button, so it doesn't toggle/rock like regular switches (not a problem, but throwing it out there).
Super easy to install and program This switch is exactly what I needed. Super easy to install and program. Even linked with Alexa in minutes. I did have a problem with connectivity one time but troubleshot that back to the Alexa since the control from the Wemo app still worked fine.
Very happy with this with switch We had our electrician install this (pool light) and has preformed exactly as stated. Very happy with this with switch.T
Five Stars Wemo is great! Does everything we need it to do.
Works w/ Nest... but... Loving this more sleaker design than the other one, looks a lot less intrusive on the wall. However, I really wish the scheduling and managing functions were all controlled from just one app within the Nest App so we’re not having to switch between/use two apps, one for our nest products then another just for the lights.
Set and forget. I bought this a while ago to control my outside lights. It works well and I've been happy with it.I have it set to turn on at dusk and off at 10:30pm. Once it was set via my Android phone I haven't had to touch it. The software is well design and easy to use. I can see if it's on or off via the phone, and looking at the switch, the led shows when it's on or off.My only request would be to allow the software to turn it on at dusk - 30 minutes, but it doesn't have that option.Otherwise, it's a good design and works well.
Handy when it works A handy way to get started with the smart home stuff when it works, but it’s so unreliable that I can’t recommend it. For a device whose entire purpose is to be connected to a wireless network, you’d think Belkin would’ve given it the ability to remember WiFi settings for more than 24 hours, but that seems to be the approximate limit. So if you don’t mind resetting it and re-pairing it to your WiFi every day or two, it’s a good buy; if you’d rather only have to set something up once, look somewhere else.(And, in case there’s any Wemo support people reading this: I *did* try to send in something about this via the ‘report a problem’ bit in the Wemo app, but that *also* doesn’t work right, apparently.)
Five Stars Works!
Get it. Great product, easy set up and very reliable.
Five Stars I love it!
Great product! Great for the floor lamp behind the couch!
Shipped right out had it two days later took me ... Shipped right out had it two days later took me 10 minutes to the store at 10 minutes to get it hooked up online. And it’s working great
Just go to their support forums to get a flavor for how terrible this is Awful.I should have done more research before purchasing. Riddled with known bugs. Just go to their support forums to get a flavor for how terrible this is.My wemo refuses to connect to my network, which is running on a Belkin. I've tried the top three community suggested"fixes" (there's no guidance from the company). None worked.Throwing this in the trash and finding a smart outlet that works.
easy to install Well made, easy to install, and setup is simpleWorks as advertisedI highly recommend Wemo systemYou can change your light setup anywhere in the world if you choose
Five Stars Love it! Works great.
One Star Worked for about 3 days. I would avoid this item.
Five Stars Good product. Works perfectly and install didn't take as long as expected.
Easy enough to install These are working well. Easy enough to install. I changed my Wi-Fi after I installed them. That was a mistake. Be warned, if you change your network after these are connected, be sure to remove them from the old network before you dismantle or change it. Then add them to the new network. I tried changing network parameters from within the app for the switches and they ended up disappearing, so I had to do a full hard reset on them anyway.
Easy Install Wemo mini arrived 30 minutes ago. Setup was painless. Working well, being controlled by both the wemo android app and Alexa Echo
Easy setup. App seems pretty good too Works well right out of the box. Easy setup. App seems pretty good too. One critique- it blocks my second plug so maybe if that’s a concern you might buy their mini version that I assume works just as well.
super happy with it This is by far the easiest setup for an alexa compatible smartplug i've received. super happy with it!
Very challenging WIFI Setup I am replacing my old X10 plugs with wifi/web app managed smart plugs. I read a good review of the Wemo mini, but didn't do much on-line research before I decided to buy one -- just one, to test it myself. If the price is in an acceptable range, that is the best way after all. Besides, I've always been a little wary of Belkin products. They sometimes just haven't worked very well for me in the past.The packaging was waaay too big for the item itself. A real waste of cardboard! Come-on marketing. You can do better.The installation instructions were simple enough - 6 steps in all, maybe the part about changing your wifi router to "Wemo.Mini" is a little confusing to a total non-geek (I've been doing computer stuff since before the first PC). Anyway, the sheet also includes a troubleshooting section on the back. Good thing! The Wemo app would not connect the Wemo mini to my dirt standard stock comcast Xfi wifi router (there must be millions of these around the country.) Then, after about 8 tries, just when I'm about to send it back, it connected for no apparent reason.Moving on, I have read since that the app itself has an old tired interface, but I have an iPhone 7, so I'm used to old tired interfaces. No matter, it's simple enough. I was able to set up rules and they actually worked. That's really all I wanted...except... I also want remote access. It simply won't connect. I have studied on-line resources, opened ports on my router (which is BTW very clunky with XFi) to no avail. I have no intention of spending hours and hours figuring out how to do this -- I'll simply try another product for another US$30 - $40 and see if it works better. You hear that, Belkin?
Garbage This is poorly designed. I got it for 10 dollars, and I suppose that's because they are such lousy devices that they are dumping them. I'm as tech savvy as anyone and have never been as frustrated with trying to get something working. Cannot get it to connect to my wifi.
No special hub required other than WIFI router which most people should have. Just got this item to install for front door light. Seems to be working and doesn't appear to have any issues related to the other reviewers regarding disconnects. You will need a neutral wire for installation. This is a single pole installation. Not meant for 3-way circuits. Works through your wifi network, so doesn't require a special hub. For most cases, this should work right out of the box with no issues. I chose this brand because I already have some plug in switches and didn't want to expand to other brands. For my purposes, these work fine.
And help desk is useless Thus far having difficulty staying connected to my WiFi. And help desk is useless
Five Stars Looks like I'm in the future. It has an amazing design.
So easy to set up and use I put these on all three of my air conditioners. I can control each with just one click after opening the app on my iPhone. Same can’t be said with the FriedrickLink app - it requires so many clicks, and then having to turn your iPhone sideways for the final click, that I abandoned them. Wemo allows schedules to be created so you can have your a/c’s turn on and off multiple times a day, such as mornings and evenings only. FriedrickLink is a nightmare to schedule and has to be done on a computer.
So far so good, pairs easily with Alexa. Bought this to automate my ceiling fan. While I can’t control the various fan speeds or change direction, I can turn it on and off with my Alexa echo dot and pair it with a smart thermostat to turn on when the house gets too warm. I figure I can use the fan’s remote for the rare occasion that I need to change the speed or direction. Beets spending $100 on some other ceiling fan automation options.
This is not a good product if you are looking for efficiency This same thing happened to me 2 weeks ago as posted by many over the past months. I can't get WEMO to recognize either of our devices. My husband is currently reverting our light switch back to its original state. This is not a good product if you are looking for efficiency.
Five Stars easy to install. Works as it said it would.
Three Stars Some connection problems
Wish I had purchased the Wemo mini smart plug sooner Wish I had purchased the Wemo mini smart plug sooner! It is fantastic and easy to program the timers (rules) through the free phone app. Installing it on our Wi-Fi network was painless even though the documentation is minimal. Perfect for brewing coffee in the morning, preheating an espresso machine, or controlling lights. Highly recommended.
Not reliable, always disconnecting Constantly disconnects. I have Kasa and Philips Hue that don’t have this issue.
Four Stars i love it, works with smarthings or your smartphone. Returned mine for costco price.
it works great. some difficulty in connecting it to your home network, hence 4 stars. But once connected, it works great.
Five Stars Works as intended.
Problem solved I've only used one of the two I bought so far and it constantly drops connection to the wifi located 25 feet away. I've given it a static address, but It's only available about 50% of the time I try to use it. None of my other 25+ wifi devices have this connection problem. Maybe the second wemo is more reliable, but I've lost interest.Update June 2018: Increased from 2 to 4+ stars. Wemo Customer Service reached out to me with specific recovery instructions and an offer to escalate support if needed. During the recovery process, I noticed the switch was swapping between my two wifi networks. Wemo was never authorized to use the second router. Bottom line: Both routers used the same shared key network password. I made the password unique on the secondary router and all's been 100% available for two weeks now. Seems to be a software/firmware error that could be fixed.
Five Stars Now I can easily turn on and off my lights in a dark room.
Very Disappointing product. After five years of requests, ... Very Disappointing product.After five years of requests, Belkin has still not provided the capability to control multiple site control of Wemo products.If you have more than one location, you need to use their app from multiple separate devices to control these products.Honeywell and First Alert, among many others, has long ago figured this out.Belkin is an embarrassment of an alleged tech company.
Great it you can get it installed Once this is connected to the home network it is reliable. I have 3 switches and I could not get any of them to install automatically. The manual installation method finally worked but it took multiple attempts and several switch resets to finally get it integrated into the home network. the frustrating part is I don't know why it failed to add, or just as importantly why it finally worked. I never did get a success indication, I just kept restarting the app after each failure until the devices finally showed up on the screen. Once connected to the network it is very reliable.
Five Stars Wemo devices are the best working smart home products out there, by far.
it's good when it works it's good when it works. it sometimes crashes so hard that I can't turn out the light, and is totally non reactive to the reboot/restart button and the only way to get it to respond is to fully cut the power. It's like its trying to negate the convenience of the smart switch by occasionally making me go outside in the cold and walk all the way around to the back of my house to hit the breaker.
I have 13 wemos and they all set up easily but I spent an hour on this one and ... I have 13 wemos and they all set up easily but I spent an hour on this one and it will not retain the setup information. I reinstalled the WeMo app for 5 times and I reset the new WeMo device five times and it cycles through and says remote access enabled at the end of setup but it does not retain the information on the device and I have to try it again which always fails.
Just a Blinking Light I've had this device for almost two months and have never been able to get it to work. Even after extensive forums reading, Google searches, an unanswered email to their customer service dept, and reseting my router half a dozen times and countless other steps, it now just sits in a drawer.
Works great, looks great Had to run neutral wire, but really like this smart dimmable switch. I use Amazon Echo to work this also
Cannot recommend. Installed for several years Cannot recommend. Installed for several years. Very UNPREDICTABLE in operation. WiFi connection erratic. Will turn off and on for couple weeks then fail. Will NOT purchase in our new home...
Difficult to Set Up This was not easy to set up. I gave up the first time after an hour of trying. It took thirty minutes the second time before I got it to work.
... porch and it was opened with one of my smart plugs missing The driver left the box on the porch and it was opened with one of my smart plugs missing?
One Star Would not recognize the device using smarthub
Removing a 3-way first is easier than it seems. Worked great with our app once I learned how to jump out a 3-way switch.
Love it I'm lazy
Works great. Hooked it up to our lamp and Google ... Works great. Hooked it up to our lamp and Google home easily.
These work well and installed easily. I would have given 5 stars if Wemo ... These work well and installed easily. I would have given 5 stars if Wemo made it easier to integrate with Siri without having to buy a $40 Wemo bridge. Seems dumb since I was able to set it up on Alexa and Google Home without anything extra. Overall, very satisfied with my 7 switches!
BEWARE!!! Only good on old networks. Device will only connect to 2.4G wifi.Couldn't connect to Google Wifi (dual-band 2.4G & 5G). Spent several hours on the phone with Belkin and Google, no resolution short of setting up another, 2.4G, network.And because it took so long to resolve the issue, I can't return it to Amazon.
...from our phones Our whole house is wired for these. We’ve bought them all on Amazon! We can turn on and off all lights and fans in all rooms from our phones.
A must for a smart home. We have almost the full line of Wemos and I have to say they are very easy to set up and use via the app and google Home. We had an electrician install this since we do not do any electrical ourselves. I highly recommend this product and the whole line.
Wemos in two different locations cannot be controlled by one smart phone. I have discovered that Wemos in two different homes cannot be controlled from the same device. Belkin's advice is to buy another iphone, ipad, etc to control two locations such as a vacation home and a primary home. Nope, not doing that just to use Wemos in two homes.I was forced to implement a different infrastructure in the vacation home. Geez!This device is useless to me.
Very poor product. i have a couple of these. they lose their connection to my amazon echo every few days and have to be reinstalled. Very poor product.update 9/18every few months they disconnect from my network and i have to remove them from the app and reinstall them.a pain in the ass.finally 2 days ago they stopped working. restarted them tand the were working again.woke up the next day and they werent working once more.restarted and they worked.finally this morning the same thing. restarted them and the wouldnt connect to my wifi.tried restoring to factory settings and couldn't connect to my network.Im giving up on them. replacing them later today with a different system. these arent worth the aggrivation
Easy setup via iPhone Easy setup via iPhone. Start to finish, this took me about 20 minutes to set up for my mother, with most of that time being devoted to cursing under my breath because her WiFi password is both hard to remember and necessary for the setup process. By the end, it was integrated into her existing Alexa setup.
Inconsistent connection with Google Home I have both Google Home and Amazon Echo devices in my home. This plug seems to work pretty good with Alexa, not so good with Google. After setting up and initially connecting with my Home device, it has become disconnected several times where Google Home could not find it. A pain to reconnect. I wouldn't bother with this if you have a Google Home device.
Two Stars Stopped working after 4.5 months!!!
Didn’t work with Google Wifi I was disappointed in this plug. We use the Google Wifi router and I could not get this plug to work with our current set up.
These did not work with my LED dimmable bulbs These did not work with my LED dimmable bulbs, after attempting the many "methods" from the WeMo customer support site. Had to put the old mechanical dimmers back on and return.
We were thinking about the smart bulbs but this works so much better and much ... We recently upgraded our Kitchen and added recessed lighting. We were thinking about the smart bulbs but this works so much better and much cheaper each bulb would have had to be purchased vs just this one light switch. For those who can change electric well worth it.
forget about warranty , and 50% chance for getting it work forget about warranty , i returned one directly after purchase , non working condition , second one lasted for about less than 4 months , need to reset it by disconnected every while , and i contacted Amazon , but no go , contacted the seller for the 1 year warranty , again NO GO ... not even a reply back for more than 2 months alreadyid never buy this again , was planing to get more for the new guest house addition , ill go with another brand or cancel the idea of having "smart" switches !
making the first think I liked about it the price I purchased this item from the Amazon Treasure Truck, making the first think I liked about it the price. I have two other smart plugs from another manufacturer, and I much prefer the Wemo Mini for two reasons: 1) it covers only one outlet, and 2) it can be set for sunrise and sunset.
Goes Offline Every other day. This switch is malfunctioning, it seems to go offline every other day, and when it does I have to reset it and redo the entire setup process. This is very frustrating and defeats the smart home idea.
So many uses! Supports smaller heaters! Was using this to control a lamp for a while. Then I got rid of the lamp and didn’t have a use until I plugged a small heater into it. Surprisingly it’s rated up very high so it handles heaters unlike a bunch of timers and electrical devices out there! Used mine to warm up the bathroom in the morning on a timer. Made winter so much better!
love now Updated review- I was having random connection issues with the plugs and originally gave this not such a great review. Today I called wemo (Belkin) and the tech support guy helped me figure out something I did wrong in the set up. To be fair they changed the set up between my first plugs and it's relationship between the echo. For the plugs to work you must install the wemo app ( which I had) plus set it up in Alexa app (which I had done) but you now have to enable the wemo skill on your echo device. That's the step I missed and as of me writing this all seems to be working well. Hope that helps anyone who's having issues.
Frustrating and temperamental - Not Worth the Stress and don't EVER thinking of change them once set up!! One of the worst and most temperamental "smart" devices I have ever owned. I have multiple Echos, Philips Hue lights, Kasa plugs, Google devices and WIFI and Wemo products. I would HIGHLY advise against buying ANY WEMO product. I have three WEMO plugs and they are just a stroke waiting to happen, they stress me out that much. While they work at first, they drop connections all the time and are mind numbingly difficult to reconnect to the internet. And once if you are able to get them to connect and work, don't EVER think of changing their locations or wanting to change what they control. I made the worst mistake of updating my Internet router, Google WIFI, and they just won't connect. I'm done. I know they are popular but they don't see to last long or work well over time. I've have 3 WEMO plugs for 2 years or so, and anytime I make a change to anything (network, location), it's 2-3 hours to screaming at these devices to reconnect them. I finally just threw all three in the trash. Tech is supposed to help, these are not worth the stress. Done.
Easy install. Can check status of light remotely Clear installation instructions. Easy to install. A little finicky to connect to network. As the instructions say, make sure you have a good WiFi signal. My application is a light over the garage. Turn on at sunset/off at sunrise is great. Being able to confirm that light is on at night when away from home provides peach of mind
Painful and laborious setup It works, barely. Wemo had some of smart home product switches and at one time were the only game in town. From the very beginning setting up wemo was painful and tedious. They haven’t changed. I regret buying this switch but did finally make it work. Hopefully I will never have to use these app. It’s horrible. There are many other smart plugs on the market and personally I would choose one of them.
This product works great via a finger to click it on and off This product works great via a finger to click it on and off, using the WeMo Phone app, or by my favorite using Alexa.
Five Stars Love my wemo! Wifi enabled, useful app, easy install. Needs a neutral wire.
I would give 5 stars to the dimmer.. ... I would give 5 stars to the dimmer.... Taking away 2 stars for integration with Alexa.... Alexa can't locate the dimmer, no matter what. Other Wemo switch can be located and integrated, not this dimmer.Hoping it's just a firmware update and that it comes soon.
Too big to fit I would love to review this item because it looks really neat, but it just wouldn’t fit into the 3-gang metal junction box for the switch we wanted to use it in, which already had 2 Leviton dimmers in it. Very frustrating and a huge waste of time. I wish they had made this a more standard size. I would check very carefully before you get this to make sure you won’t have to replace a box in order to install this. Since I can’t review it properly, I gave it a neutral 3-star review.
Old Firmware made Setup Problematic The unit I received had old firmware. I was unable to complete the setup until the firmware was updated, which failed repeatedly. Three days and a conversation with Tech Support later, I was able to reset the switch and update the firmware.Now I have it connected to my ceiling fan, which enables it to toggle automatically based on the temperature reported by my Nest thermostat. It also turns off when my Nest is in Away mode. We can also toggle it via Alexa which is a nice feature.
Achieving initial connection a nightmare and app misfire Though very stable once installed, initial connection of device is maddening. Took multiple (8?) attempts and in the end the successful attempt was identical was identical to the first. What gives?Also the Wemo app no longer finds the device in spite of resets, moving my router to right beside it. However it still functions through my Alexa. If not for that, I'd return it.
Worked just for two years. It worked very good for two years, then the remote suddenly stopped working. I reinstalled the app several times, but it never connect with the WEMO again. For the price, working just for two years is not good. Now I bought a different brand for half this price, who works with Alexa. I hope to have a better luck this time...
Make a rental smart! We love these. It makes turning a rental house into a smart home easy. No need to mess with wiring, just plug it in and follow the directions to set-up with your WiFi. If you buy a Wemo Bridge they will work with Apple Homekit as well. The Wemo app could stand to be updated but at the end of the day, it is easy to use, and it works.
Took multiple tries to get it to attach to a ... Took multiple tries to get it to attach to a network, then failed to link to Alexa skill. Instructions were consistently inaccurate. Returned.
It's a decent product. It synced very easily with my Google ... once it finally connected to the wi-fi. Once this is set up, it's a great product. It synced very easily with my Google Assistant allowing me to control it from my phone or Google Home. The reason I'm only giving it 2 stars rather than 5 is because it's a pain in the you-know-what to set up. I have two of them and both of them were equally as difficult to get working. I'm in the tech business and have install many a smart devices, this was hands down the most difficult to get working, but when it does it's great.Like most smart devices this can be controlled through the app from anywhere and works very well with Google Assistant. I can't speak to Alexa as I don't have one. If you get this, you'll be happy once it's working, just be ready to spend some frustrating time with it as you get it set up.After a firmware update was performed on these plugs they refused to sync to my wi-fi.
Will not connect to WIFI I really wanted to like this product! Affordable and lots of integration options. Install was straight forward enough but it would not connect to my wifi network. I am a tech savvy person. I spent two hours trying every remedy from their support page. I reset multiple times every piece of hardware I have. I have several other smart home devices. But this one just refused to work. The app is not user friendly and offers no trouble shooting. From looking online the “unable to connect” is a common problem. There are lots of options out there. Do yourself a favor and skip the Belkin. Luckily this was my first purchase from them....some people are invested in the whole system and then it stops working after a power outage. STAY AWAY
MAJOR SAFETY ISSUE!!! Ummm... The product is rated up to 110V AC, here in Australia, we use 240V AC- glad I checked before I installed it! Quite often, I look at various products on Amazon only to read "This Product Does Not Ship To Australia" :( This product however, definitely SHOULD NOT! New Zealand also use 240V. Be a real shame if some dim-wit (pun intended) burned his house down...While I have your attention- I love Alexa! I have FOUR 2nd -gen Echo units strategically placed around the house. I've noticed there is a battery-pack available for the US and UK for portability, unfortunately, "This Product Does Not Ship To Australia" ;) I suspect there might some voltage issues?... Anyway, I hope you have a team of technicians working around the clock to develop one for AUS/NZ ASAP, it'd be great to take an Echo outside when I BBQ, do gardening etc. Thanks and have a great day!
Great switches. They work well with ALEXA Great switches. They work well with ALEXA, just be sure your WiFi is solid and you’re good to go! Stylish and simple. Easy set up and function on the WeMo app. Dimmers are next on my list.
Troublesome integration with Alexa & Google Assistant Integration with Alexa and Google Assistant problematic. Works intermittently. Be ready for router and modem reset dance from first level customer support. Have dozens of IoT devices working fine. These switches are by far the most troublesome. Pass until the next app and firmware release at least.
Works great with Alexa Works great with Alexa. I used it every day on my porch lights. Nice to be able to turn them on with my phone when I get home.
Very difficult to connect Couldn’t get it to connect to home WiFi. Tried everything, including resetting my iPhone, my router and the device itself.
Difficult to connect Can't even use the product because it gets stuck in the wemo app and says it's lost connection to the device. It then proceeds to tell me to reconnect to the wemo network and start the process all over again with little instruction on how to do that. Very inconvenient for such a simple product.
Great Product It was exactly what I was looking for. Very easy to install.
Could not find WiFi network. Doesn’t work. After buying 4 of these products they would never find my WiFi network. I have several Wemo light switches and the original smart plugs. The new mini smartplugs seem to be all defective.
Would be ashamed to work for this company... CAUTION! STAY AWAY FROM THESE! These have to be the worst wifi products I own. They are nothing more than VERY EXPENSIVE manual toggle switches. Get the TP-Link wifi switches instead. These are horrible. The Android software makes them even worse.
One Star i am dispointted about this quality
Works when it works. Randomly turns on and off ... Works when it works.Randomly turns on and off at night, I think because it keeps losing wifi signal?
Its so unreliable I dont even bother with the app and use it as a dumb switch. Waste of money I will never buy anything Wemo again, this is the second "smart device" I have from Wemo and they both have the same connectivity issues. Its so unreliable I dont even bother with the app and use it as a dumb switch. Waste of money.
works great with alexa and easy to use works great with alexa and easy to use. the app is also easy to use. love controling lights from the couch
IT’S GOING BACK..UNLESS I SMASH IT. So....everything else wifi I have works! This is a complete wast of time and money.
Works well and nice look. It's a very nice switch with pleasant look and feel. IMHO, it looks better than Leviton smart switch. I have at 5 of these around the house and never have any problem with them. Hopefully, Wemo will come out with 3-way smart switch soon.
Great product. Setup was easy and app is easy ... Great product. Setup was easy and app is easy to use.
On and Off This is great it you travel. They work well and with this model it turns on and off randomly fi you want. Looks like someone is home.
Very easy to install and Works well. Very easy to install and use
Five Stars Love this light switch. I will be buying more in the future for other rooms in my house
Four units work fine. Two units can not connect with my wifi Four previously purchased plugs connected easily to my wifi and worked fine. Two recently purchased plugs both could not connect to my wifi. Other items like kindles, echos, dots, cell phone all work fine with my wifi. Wemo apparently has produced a batch of bad units.
Install was easy. Setup and alexa link was simple Install was easy. Setup and alexa link was simple. Would have been 5 stars if I knew that it only works with lights that have one switch. After I received it I did see that it did state this in the description at the very end of the loads of product advertising. It should've been disclosed better.
This product only works occasionally - loses connectivity all the time Totally frustrating and unreliable. I have three Wemos and they keep losing connectivity, devices can't be found, etc. These plugs can't be trusted. The amount of time I've spent getting these to work again and again is ridiculous. Today I'm looking for replacement smart plugs.
2 Out Of 5 Switches Were Defective. I contacted the WEMO directly. I then waited for a return call and they told to to either wait for a box in the mail to exchange or put a deposit down for new switches to arrive. Not acceptable. I returned and purchased Leviton dimmers.
Good signal strength is key to reliabie operation. Works as expected when installed in a location where signal strength is adequate. Sunrise / sunset timing is useful in setting desired lighting operations, however permitting bias +/- from sunset / sunrise would be useful. In addition, when installing a large number of devices, some grouping capabilities would be useful.Complaints against this device, as with similar devices from other manufacturers seem to be more the result of networking issues rather than device operation. Complainants fail to realize that such devices require a reliable network signa.Overall, device operates reliably when placed in suitable environment.
Size Matters!!! I bought this to replace a single pole switch in a double switch box. Thankfully my box had all the appropriate wires: live, neutral and ground. Everything was going smoothly until it was time to stick it all back in. Not sure about other Wifi switches but the Wemo is significantly larger than the simple switch I was replacing. The other remaining switch I needed to keep was a dimmer which was also large presenting an issue because either one by itself would fit but both together would not. After a lot of cursing I ended up having to hack saw off two protruding metal tabs on the box while not accidentally cutting the wires within AND trimming the dimmer switch. You cannot really trim or adjust the size of the WeMo switch since it is plastic. I thought it would be more daunting but it was actually quite easy. Just make sure you cut the power.As far as the operation. So far so good. Downloaded the App. Paired the switch. Set a rule. Works as it should so far.
and I really like how easy it is to setup a time schedule ... The installation was not difficult at all, and I really like how easy it is to setup a time schedule in the app. I downloaded the app to my ipad, but it took me some time to find the app as it's in the "iPhone only" part of the app store. One thing to note is that the device behind the wall plate is quite large and will be a tight squeeze if there are a lot of wires. Purchased "refurbished" and saved a few dollars, but it was delivered pretty much like new!
Not worth the money This product doesn’t work half of the time. When I ask Siri to turn on my light it usually replies it’s not resoondung.
2of3 I bought we're already damaged or showed signs of ... 2of3 I bought we're already damaged or showed signs of used due to wear and tear of wires. And none were able to connect to my internet
Definitely worth the money This is the perfect solution to having my espresso machine warmed up in the morning. Easy to program, works like a charm.
No More Dark Houses! I purchased my Wemo through the Treasure Truck and I love using it. I have set for my lights to come on in the evening which is great because I hate walking into a dark home. The ability to enable rules for the Wemo is simple so its very user-friendly.
A easy to install and it works perfectly...highly recommend Delivery was excellent....I bought two switches...Install was as simple as a traditional light switch...Connection to our wifi was simple...I plan to buy more to set up timers on as well for when we are away on vacations..I like that I can set up timers from my iPad/iPhone instead of bending down and trying to figure out what buttons to push for the less than one inch display on the switch.
Five Stars Works great. Seems to switch the light off or on manually, faster than manual switch it replaced.
I can put my phone next to it and my phone is getting WiFi just fine. So just having access to Wifi is not ... Make sure your WiFi coverage is strong at the location where you install this. I used it for 3 days and stopped using it. It constantly falls off of WiFi and does not reconnect automatically. I can put my phone next to it and my phone is getting WiFi just fine. So just having access to Wifi is not enough, it needs to be under strong coverage.
Great Product to make your Home Smart I use the Google Home system and have used other similar products that were not stable but I have found the WEMO products to be fully functional and they work great!
Two Stars Lasted about a week before losing network connection. Now I am having trouble getting it to reconnect.
The Lazy Person's Best Friend App makes set up incredibly easy. Connecting to Amazon Echo devices was super easy since it syncs with smart devices on the same network. Perfect solution for when your light switch is far away from your door and you have your hands full or you don't like crossing a room to turn off a light.
I use this to turn on a light for my ... I use this to turn on a light for my dogs for when it gets dark out and no one is home to turn the lights on. I think they appreciate this product!!
Button sometimes double clicks For whatever reason, the one button push sometimes double clicks and negates the intent. It can be frustrating. Use Echo Dot and voice to avoid this.
Already paid for themselves Bought on a $10 Black Friday deal and the best money I've ever spent. I use in conjunction with Amazon Alexa when I leave the house and know these have paid for themselves already.
Five Stars Great switch, easy to program, it's 4 months I have it and works great
One Star Could not get it to connect with Internet
Switch needs a lot of improvement The controller is hard to work and the app works poorly. I ended up using an analog 24 hr timer that works reliably and is a third the price.
Loved for convenience Purchased for safety. Loved for convenience.
WeMo Products Are Easy to Set Up and Seamless to Use With Alexa This is my third WeMo product. The first two are mini switches. I had a problem with one of them and customer service was quick in swapping it out for a replacement when nothing on my end helped. It’s quick to set up, the app is great and alexa integration is seamless. Overall a great purchase that I highly recommend.
Very stable, wors great! An amazing device, easy to use and very responsive; the reason i don't give it a 5 stars is because the app is very complicated and sometimes it "losts" the devices and is very hard to find them back.
Awesome, I can control the electronic device with this ... Awesome, I can control the electronic device with this little guy. The main reason is i like to turn on the lights when it gets dark out while im still at work, it may deter theft.
Works just the way it should! Had to remove ... Works just the way it should! Had to remove my dimmer switch and replace with a regular one because there wasn't enough room for both...but that's ok, Wemo was the priority!
Love my new smart light switch Love my new smart light switch. Works with Alexa, my phone and just touch it if I want it on or off imediatly.
Worked graeat until phone change and router change. It works well until you either change your phone or router, then you could have some problems. I got through both of those issues, finally. I have this switch controlling my 6 post lamps. I have always liked that it worked right away when I installed it. It wasn't until the recent phone change and then a router change that I encountered any problems. The trouble shooting tips didn't work one day, and then they magically worked another day. I realized I wasn't the only one that has had these issues, so hopefully It's being worked on.
Excellent Does exactly what I wanted. To operate my outdoor lamppost. Goes on at dusk.Excellent product
Great light switch, so-so app The Wemo app leaves something to be desired. I had to end up deleting and reinstalling it on my iPhone for it to fully function with this switch. However, the switch looks and works great! I love that you can use it like a regular switch and control it remotely. I bought it to control and outside light. When our home was originally constructed, there was only one back door, and the switch for this light was next to it. However, we have since converted a window into an additional back door, and the switch was in another room compared to that door. Now we can turn on the light without having to go into the other room.Pros:• Switch works both manually and remotely• Green indicator light lets you know when the light is on• Reset and restart switches are easily accessible and nicely hidden at the same timeCons:• Wemo app is just not that greatTips:• While it is understandable, the switch's box is large and doesn't leave much room for the wires in the junction box. If you can, install a larger wall box to mount this in.• Strip a little extra off of the wires so that they are easier to connect to existing wires with wire nuts• If you are mounting in a box where you are connecting to multiple wires, you might want to have larger wire nuts on hand
This is so nice to be able to remotely turn the air on ... I have window AC in my house. This is so nice to be able to remotely turn the air on before my arrival without having to run it all day
Five Stars excellent!
Pairs great with Amazon echo These work perfectly and are much cheaper than competitor products. I like the weMo ecosystem and have purchased multiple devices formyself and as gifts for others.
b'The thing I like least, is nothing Works perfectly. Gives me piece of mind knowing I can turn off from anywhere and I have. The thing I like least, is nothing. ??'
Easy installation and setup Works flawlessly so far but just 2 weeks. Easy installation and setup, have not had any dropped wifi issues or anything else.
Works great - Wemo plus are awesome Love the Wemo plugs. I travel a lot, and it's really nice to be able to control things while away. I have a nest cam as well, so if the cam hears something, I can turn on the light and investigate from the other side of the country.
So many cheaper, better alternatives. I've got another first gen Wemo that overheated and smelled like it was going to start a fire. This one I could never get to pair with our Verizon router, no matter how many times I tried. I've watched countless troubleshooting videos and I'm not a technophobe. Unfortunately, I never got a chance to return it and I'm stuck with a useless product which is completely my fault.
Great product, snap to install. Perfect addition! Have been wanting to add my attic fan to my smart home for some time, and finally decided to go for it with this product. It literally took me five minutes to replace the existing switch, and the app detected it easily. Within a few minutes I was up and running and, after a couple more steps in the Amazon Alexa app, I was able to control my fan from my phone or using Alexa.Works perfectly and without issue. Couldn’t be happier and only wish these switches were a little more affordable so I can change a few more in my house!
Worked great. Easy instructions and helpful hints abound on-line Worked great. Easy instructions and helpful hints abound on-line. Wiring is always tricky but setting up 3 in one box only took a little over an hour.
Works great but then realized I had to physically turn on ... Works great but then realized I had to physically turn on whatever is plugged into it. Kinda defeated the purpose of why I got it so I'm not really using it now.
I tried to connected with my network, and my ... I tried to connected with my network, and my 2.4ghz was freeze and my gmail got hacked right the way!!! I am not sure others accounts. I am still checking! warning other people don't buy this product!!!!!
Solid piece of technology I had X10 product for 20 plus years. Working to this day. Friend recommend I get out of my old unit, suggested use Wi-Fi and works better. I can turn on lights fans etc for anywhere i have wifi. I do love it !!!
It's very annoying. Other than that The connectivity of this item is sporadic. I have to reboot to connect at least twice a month. It's very annoying.Other than that, it serves its function as expected. Light-on, Light-off.
Five Stars Works great!
Three Stars I am not able to schedule the on and off time
b'App set up is easy. The app froze several times since I set ... Installation is straight forward. App set up is easy. The app froze several times since I set it up, but stop/restart solved the issue. I\xca\xbbm still trying to figure out the away settings. I\xca\xbbm already planning my next wemo purchase.'
Bought 20, 18 Switches and two dimmers! First purchase all in!! Just finished my install all DYI and very easy to do. Everything came up the first time no problems.I invested heavily in these units with the objectives of reducing our electric company bill, and reducing stress nagging everyone to turn off the lights.I live in a large home, busy family 3 kids leaving lights on all the time. My outside pour has and driveway lights were manual and constantly forgot to turn them off, burning throughout the day. I have multiple two poll switches( 2 places you can turn off and on lights) which I converted to single pole to use the WEMO switches, pretty simple operation. What I am able to do now I have WEMOs:2. Set Auto off timers, Now I can set lights to turn off after the are switched on, for instance I set our powder room to turn off after 10 mins, hallways 30 mins, laundry room after 15min, bedrooms after 3 hours etc., completely flexible! You can set by days of the week, I even set kids bedrooms and baths to turn off at 7:30 am M-F after they are off to school.3. Set lights in timers. For instance I set outside lights to turn on and off at sunrise or sunset with a delay just before or after, Automatically adjusts to changes in both times. I set all bed room lights to go off at 10pm.4. Set dimmers for night time scheduled to auto dim between evening hours so not so bright.Future things I want to do, add cameras for auto sense on operation.Lots and lots of options we these units. I have added to google home and can use voice to control lights. I can turn off and on remotely.I have one sleepy headed kid to get up for schoolDaily do I set off and on cycles to flash lights when it’s time to get up as a parent aid.Couple things I would advise you have prior to install, make sure you have a robust network and a router which is capable of a large number of wireless conections and has good cover late area. In my case I have an Orbi RBK 50 router with 2 satilite units able to handle up to 250 connections. I am also running a CM1000 cable modem connected to a 1GB Comcast/ Xfinity connection. Rock solid I cannot day enough great things about theses either, I have a 4700+Sq/ ft home no problems/issues.Pros:1. Easy to install, but you may need additional faceplaces for multigange switches.2. These fit well into multigange switches (ie 2 or three switches together)3. Love the scheduling timers and features, you can even select long push option to turn on other lights in your home too great feature when coming home long press a single switch and have some or all of your lights come on. And/ or you can also tie into nest thermastat which can sense your phone presence coming home and turn the lights on.4. Great way to attack your electric bill and get it down, I just installed these so I won’t know for a month or two just how much I was able to reduce.Cons: Nothing too major.1. Wish 2 pole support was available even in the form as a remote transmitter from second switch. I worked around this by converting switches to single pole by capping off red hot lines from both switches and removing second switch and tying together 2 black lines and putting a lank plate over it. Should WEMO offer a solution in the future no problem to add back. Otherwise, allot of the features off set the loss of the second switch.2. Wish these were a bit thinner in depth, some of my switch boxes were pretty crowded with wires.3. Pricing; Lack of bulk pricing discounts I bought individual units from Amazon they were cheaper than the 2 unit packs, for the dimmer switches I bought the 2 packs. I wish I could have bought in 5,10,20 or 25 bulk packs at a lower price. I even called Belkin/WEMO directly but these are not available.Overall great experience I plan on buying 10 more switches and 7 dimmers in the future just need to save up some after this last purchase!! Highly recommend.
its amazing. Nice side benefit is that it calculated electricity ... I use this thing all the time, its amazing. Nice side benefit is that it calculated electricity usage for you too.
I like that you can set the lights to go off ... My wife has a habit of leaving lights on when she goes in a room. I like that you can set the lights to go off after 10 or 15 minutes (or however long you want). I haven't set it up to work with Alexa yet. Not sure if I'm going to since Alexa is always monitoring & recording voices.
Five Stars Love these, I have like 8 in the house. The rules work 100% of the time.
Five Stars QUick install, works without a hitch.
Three Stars dimmer does not work :( we connected it the on off worked but coud not get the dimmer to work .........
I love the wemo I love the wemo. Just ordered WiFi light bulbs to connect to the app. Debating on ordering the wemo hub so that I can do even more with this line of products.
Thrown to the garbage After several months of using it it has WiFi connection issues on both of the plugs , annoying. Now I use Kasa hope this one lasts.
Great WiFi plug. Very easy to setup, has lots of features for scheduling your plug to turn on and off. Great added feature of seeing the usage of electricity and a price for what you’ve used.
No more walking upstairs to turn off light! Works great after getting it set up. Took longer to set up than I thought necessary, but after resetting the switch i was able to get it connected easily.
Five Stars Work perfect
Love it. Replaced my other timer switch Love it. Replaced my other timer switch. This one is easier to program and uses the sunrise /sunset settings perfectly. Tied to Alexa and enjoying it with all my wemo products and Philips Hue.
easy to setup and was surprised to see the real ... Works well, easy to setup and was surprised to see the real time statistics on energy consumption in the Wemo app. So far so good.
Needs Improvement They are not too bad price but when you try to use your finger to the dimmer it does not work all the time
Still can’t connect to Google Home Mini Got this as a Christmas gift. Still can’t get it connected to my Google Home Mini. The app is super confusing for connecting to a device. I have messed with it multiple times and then had my really tech savvy daughter try. No luck. Sorry, Wemo, but if I have to spend hours trying to set it up, I won’t recommend to others or buy another.
Three Stars The firmware download doesn't work properly.
Five Stars Works exactly as described
Terrible software, good hardware. I've setup over $10,000 worth of these switches, and my conclusion is that they are mostly terrible and the reason why comes entirely down to software.There is no way to setup the app for the first time without also setting up a device. Connecting a device takes at minimum 4 tries, plus additional tries if there are any problems. The app just assumes you want to connect it to the same wifi network you used last time, unchecking 'Remember wifi settings' does nothing. This will screw you over terribly if you are doing a large install. There is no way to sort devices by which room they are in, or any other way for that matter including just rearranging the order they are listed in. There is no way to skip the dimmer calibrations.Every single time you go to change to a different wifi, you must completely close the program and reopen it or it will hang. It will hang every time you toggle a dimmer and then take you all the way back to the top of the unsortable menu. It will hang randomly at any time just touching it once or twice.There are many things I like about this switch, that it uses MQTT and can be run fine over a completely disconnected network for instance. Once they are setup, bar some change in the wifi they seem to stay connected and reconnect fairly reliably. I'll report back about the long term stability of them.
You must have a neutral white cable for this to work. Very cool item. Works great! The only issue is in regards to the neutral, white cable. Important, attach it to ALL white cables in the light switch hollow, not just the one coinciding with the black one. Attach to ALL! If you don't have any white cables, do not buy, it will not work.
It works but it is not as easy as they say on the box They work. It is not as easy as you might think. Once I called Wemo support and spent two hours redoing and redoing they decided they couldn't help and suggested I call Amazon for help. I did. 1 hour later after all kinds of more redoing Amazon Alexa help suggested I talk to Wemo. Finally I deleted everything and started again. Having done this dozens of times with supervision I was able to figure it out. I am now no expert but have installed without having to call anyone. Amazon Alex help is MUCH better than WEMO help. However both called back the next day to ask how I was doing. That was nice...or did they just worry that I killed myself in frustration.Bottom line this is no picnic but now that it is working it is delivering as promised and works well. However remember you have to be really patient.
Not Alexa nor Google Home Friendly TLTR: Sucks with voice commands via Amazon Echo or Google Home. Save yourself the trouble go with a different a brand.So I started off using Lutron's version of this and loved it, but they're a little bit pricier, so I decided to give Wemo a try. Initial install and setup was easy. I just followed the instructions and everything seemed to work fine. I got it to work with my Amazon Echo voice commands. About an hour late I was excited to show my wife that I've converted another "dumb" light switch to a smart one. I asked Alexa to turn on my front door lights. And it ended up telling me it wasn't responding. I then tried my Lutron lights commands which worked fine. I then reset everything on the Wemo Light Switch and deleted it from my Amazon account and started pairing like it was brand new and it worked. Later in the day it stopped working again. So I figured I'll try a loop around and use IFTTT with it, but same thing ended up happening. I thought to myself maybe it just doesn't like Alexa, so I paired it with my Google Home and the exact same situation happened. Works right after setup, but it'll just stop after a couple hours. I got fed up ordered another Lutron and returned the Wemo.
... in the process of converting my home into a smart home and was at a loss for how to ... I was in the process of converting my home into a smart home and was at a loss for how to make Alexa control my kitchen incandescent bulbs until I found this. Super easy to hook up and works great with Alexa. It does throw a fit from time to time but not enough to bother me.
I like the dusk settings according to your area code but ... I like the dusk settings according to your area code but the setting menu had too much info all in one screen it took a few tries to set properly.
I like the easy set up with Alexa and the fact ... Wemo’s have been so far the easiest. We have three brands of WiFi plugs. I like the easy set up with Alexa and the fact it takes up one outlet space with room for others plugs. Phone app and Alexa Skills has so far been thumbs up at my home.
Easy installation and set up. So far I like this product. The installation is really straight forward. I like the fact that the switch comes with wires already hooked to it, all I had to do was put them together using the provided wirenuts. Black with black, white with white, and green with green. Now, I also notices that while in used, while the light is on, the switch tends to get warm. I don't know if this is a issue, but I will keep and eye on them. Other than that, really easy to set up in my wifi network. All you have to do is put your network password in only one switch, wemo recognizes the network when setting up another switches. This is really convenience when you have to set up more than one switch. I bought six of them. I used a different brand before and it asked me for my network password all the time. Setting up schedules is also pretty straight forward.
Half-baked setup, keeps dropping the connection I bought 2 of these as a part of connecting my lights to my Google Home. There were many problems along the way, but 2 stood out the most:1) during the setup, you enter the wifi password in their app. Due to a bug in the app, I found in the forums that you had to enter an extra character for it to accept the wifi password (otherwise it would drop the last letter and fail to connect). This was the half-baked iPhone app.2) the plug keeps disconnecting from wifi. It will work for a day and then blink orange. I tried power cycling and then even doing a full reset, and neither of those worked. Now all my wemo mini plugs are basically paperweight.Note that I have many other smart devices, and my Lutron wall switches work just fine 99.9% of the time with both Siri and Google Home! The most frustrating thing is I bought their stupid hub as well to get the switches to work with Siri, and now it's just lying there doing nothing.In short, I would rather WALK UP to the switch than use wemo.PS: Customer service was as smart as a dodo. They basically wanted me to do the same things I'd already done, and even when those were exhausted, they had no other ideas.
Works great! Fast shipment and easy setup! Great addition to our house and all the other Wemo products and Alexa!
Unsure if there are cheaper ones out there but so far so good. It works as promised I got this on a whim from the Treasure Truck. Unsure if there are cheaper ones out there but so far so good. It works as promised.
Works with Alexa hub! Great switch, easy to install and hook up to wifi and Alexa. Ordered and installed a dimmer since this switch, also great!
Excellent product Flawless operation. Self tuned with new LED bulbs and dims perfectly without any noise or flicker
which I love. Switch was incredibly noisy, making a creaking sound every time it was pressed. In addition, I purchased it to use with IFTTT, but there was such a delay in sending commands as to make the switch pointless. Returned and purchased more TP-Link switches, which I love.
Works great, and works with a desktop computer app for remote control Replaced the old switches in a dual gang box, look nice, and work great.But the real reason I bought these was because they work with a Macintosh desktop App called "WSwitch for Belkin WeMo".Now I can press a single key on my Mac computer keyboard and turn the room lights ON, then another key and turn them OFF!It all work very reliably. Office automation the way it is supposed to be!
Love being spoiled! Love being able to tell my echo to turn on living room light...i’m So spoiled and I love it!
Frustrating waste of money WORST PRODUCT EVER. Awful. Took 4 tries tonget it hooked to the app and is super buggy. I set a rule for it, but it is totally random when it actually goes on and off.
Easy peezy This product is super easy to set up and use. Set the app up and control whatever you have plugged in from llitterely anywhere.
Very easy to set up. Very easy to set up and use. Was able to hook it up to a lamp and create a schedule for it to come on at sunset and turn off at bedtime with the iPhone app.
One Star This is will not connect to my phone
Happy with purchase Reports watt usage and estimates monthly cost. I bought this for miner testing and it works quite well. It remains to be seen how accurate it's cost prediction is.
... to a Nest thermostat and also to control a dumb light switch Purchased to connect to a Nest thermostat and also to control a dumb light switch. It works!
Worked perfect Worked really well. Should be obvious but it goes pretty deep into the electical box.
Perfectly automated lights While this still feels like a lot to spend on a light switch... it's working perfectly, so I won't harp on that. I was looking for a way to automate turning on and off some exterior lighting each day, and wiring in a light sensor was going to be a pain. As I already have a couple of the Wemo smart plugs, I decided to give this switch a try. Other than a bit of trouble getting the switch body and all the wires to fit into the switch box, the install was simple and straightforward (once I identified the neutral wire). Setup was simple and quick, leaving me with lights that come on 30 minutes after sunset and go off 30 minutes before sunrise. I love the fact that I don't need to give any thought to day to day changes in sunset/sunrise times.Overall, I have to say I like this light switch even better than the smart plugs (which have been a challenge to find uses for).
Simple to Use, Great to Have These are so great to have if you have Alexa!
It constantly needs an update at random times, and ... It constantly needs an update at random times, and half the time when it doesn't need it, it still won't respond.
Works Great, once you get it paired. Took at least 5 tries to get it to pair, but subsequently works great!
latest firmware update destroyed my switch Latest firmware update destroyed my switch. Switch worked well for 1 year then Wemo updated firmware and my switch will no longer connect to my wifi. continues to be in a not detected status. I am going to replace it with another brand
Requires ur outlets to have Neutral wire They tell you to refer to their website if you don’t have one in the outlet you want to use it in...but there’s no actual mention of it. Basically you’ll need to hire an electrician to run a neutral if you don’t already have one.
Five Stars Worked great!
Works great, easy install/setup, didn’t quite match my expectations for one feature Works great, was easy to install and set up. I got this for the timing feature, and was disappointed the timer doesn’t work as I expected it: you can’t cancel a timer with a second button press, it resets the timer clock. Otherwise, I really love the auto on/off time feature.
the first one installed with no issues and works good but is slow to respond to Alexa commands I have order two of these dimmer switches, the first one installed with no issues and works good but is slow to respond to Alexa commands. I didn't install the second one right away. When I finally got a chance, it was dead. Unfortunately, it is past the return window.
One Star Junk. Bought two and they updated and bricked themselves.
Not worth it. No Google Assistant Doesn't work with Google Assistant. Go for a cheaper better product on Amazon. This is not worth it at all.
It's good as long as it stays connected. Have had this device for +/- 2 years now. It operated fine at the beginning, which was about a year or so. It's been spotty since. We had to change the router, connecting this switch to the new router was frustrating to say the least. Finally got it connected, and then Belkin does an update. After the update the switch disconnects for no reason from WIFI, it shows undetected on the app and it blinks to reflect the loss of connection. To connect again the switch has to be reset. Therefore decided to try the TP LINK switches and those have been solid. They connect easily and stay connected.
b'Great switch but one of my 4 switches failed so ... Great switch but one of my 4 switches failed so upset with not being able to use one of the 4 (and they are now cheap??)The ones that are working are fantastic - love them. One thing to be improved is the sluggish connectivity to the switches to the light or anything on the system'
Can’t connect to WiFi I bought 2 and returned them both. Could not get it to connect to my Apple WiFi. It kept saying invalid password. Seems to be a problem for a lot of people and I spent two hours trying different solutions from the wemo forum. No luck. Find something else.
Better research other technologies. The app is slow and crashes, the plug itself keeps changing names to the old name it had. Sometimes it doesn't work even in the same room as the access point, lot of times came back home to find lights turned off in that room. Definitely better to research Z-Wave or ZigBee alternatives, this isn't working for me.
The WeMo device worked on first attempt. The WeMo device worked on first attempt and is now a welcome addition to our kitchen lighting. The only less than positive feature is the size of the internal housing. My vintage home has an equally vintage switch box which is unable to accommodate the WeMo device completely. The easiest solution was a Shallow Wall Box Extender from the local hardware store.
Five Stars Love the ease
Five Stars Love it
Very annoying. Also the device is likely to update as ... It’s really hard to rate any wemo device because once they’re up and running they deserve 5 stars. But, that’s the problem. The program for installing is very buggy and constantly crashes. Very annoying. Also the device is likely to update as you’re trying to get it working and when you finally give up you may find that once updated, the device is paired and working. There’s no warning that the device is updating when you first unbox and try using the device.
Wonderfully simple to install and oeprate Wonderfully simple to install and oeprate. Just connect four wires and then punch a few buttons on your smart phone. If you've got a smart speaker, just enable the skill and then you can turn your lights on, off, up and down all by the power of your voice. Simple power and control at its finest. The smart lighting system is here and now.
Five Stars Works awesome. Very easy to set up.
Five Stars Easy to install and set up
Works great, I was disappointed that the app does not ... Works great, I was disappointed that the app does not have a historical graph of power consumption. The app allows you to export historical use in 30 minute increments.
Five Stars Easy to install and so convenient!
Wonderful concept but not trustworthy Wonderful concept but not trustworthy. Frequently resets (turning the light off) for no apparent reason. I used it over a mandarin tree inside over the winter and nearly lost the plant when the switch malfunctioned. I stuck with the unit but now it's bricked -- no response. Belkin support is horrendous...among the worst I've encountered. Buyer beware...~18 month life expectation with frequent glitches.
Awesome Everything works great. Directions are great and straight forward. The dimmers are a bit pricey, but worth the extra money.
Claims to work with the Wemo plug, but I ... Claims to work with the Wemo plug, but I have to hold the light switch down two times very single time because the plug goes to sleep or something.
It's a cool idea, but not ready for prime time It's a cool idea, but not ready for prime time. Firmware updates fail often. The programming with the light switch only works half the time because the plug goes to sleep. Just now, the plug randomly turned off the light I was using to read.
They work great! I adore these things! I've got two and I want more. They work perfectly with my Echo Dot and Alexa, and from my phone too. Easy to set up.
Great for whole house fan Use it for our whole house fan upstairs ..... awesome
Five Stars LOVE the Wemo plugs...now I turn on and off, my lights just from Alexa!! It's great!
Great dimmer, minor software issues to deal with on set up I really like the dimmer a lot. Been having some minor issues getting it to play nice with Google Home. Setting up, it would not connect, I had to reset my router to get things going. Since setting it up, Google home has not been able to reach it a few times. Other than the minor hiccups, it's a nice product
Android users beware! This doesn't work with Android 7.1.1. When you contact support, they want you to trouble shoot on an ipad or iphone. If it's only going to work with Apple, say so up front. I wish someone would come up with a good Android Wi-Fi switch.
Great for added security We wanted to turn our kitchen lights on and off when we travel to make the house appear to be occupied. We installed this switch and now we can schedule the lights to come on and turn off as desired. We just use the schedule while we’re home as well. So far our Wemo switches and smart plugs have been very reliable.
generally works pretty well. The android app is a little finicky ... generally works pretty well. The android app is a little finicky and likes to crash somewhat often but once programmed, it works well.
Someone else has control of my smart home! Major security issue still not fixed after 3 years. Final straw has come since it’s obvious someone else is controlling my devices and they must find it funny to turn off/on baby lights and sound machines at terrible hours in the morning. I finally saw today that they set up a rule to shut off the baby’s sound machine every Sunday morning! Yes I can rename the devices so maybe they’ll target other non baby devices but I shouldn’t have to worry about what I name something if they made it secure in the first place.After almost 3.5 years of using Belkin wemo products i can no longer recommend them. I have 5 led bulbs, 6 smart plugs, 1 light switch, and the wemo air purifier.You start with one or two and think wow this is great. Then you get more and then you add them to multiple devices. Great you think. Then you get rid of a device or 2 and even reset it as recommended. But guess what... those devices are still able to control them because you didn’t go into the wemo app and remove remote access for that device before you sold it or traded it in. The full phone/device reset doesn’t remove your devices! And who remembers to go into the settings of your dozens or hundreds of apps to double check something like this?There is no security login setup for the wemo app so no way to control what’s in their cloud so you’re stuck with those devices.I have 4 old devices that are listed in my remote access section i can disable them but somehow they get reenabled. I went to look it up and you’ll see even though this has been an issue since 2015, it’s still not fixed! Unacceptable!No issues with my Phillips or Amazon or Logitech devices or any other of the dozens of smart home devices turning themselves on or off.Fix it Belkin!
Excellent product! Highly recommended. I have these guys all over my house wherever I am not using a built-in smart plug. These are great for holidays where you need to set up Christmas lights or something to that effect. Integrates seamlessly with Amazon Alexa.
Don’t Waste Your Money, Useless Update*** I had Amazon send me a replacement in the vain hope that the first one was defective. The second one performed worse than the first. It would NOT find my networks, period, the WEMO app just sat there with a while screen saying pick your home wifi network but would not list anything. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!! Now I am returning not one but TWO of these useless items.Piece of junk. I am not some newby who doesn’t understand tech. Worked in tech for 20+ years. This thing will not connect 95% of the time. My echo finds it almost never. And it only used the older WiFi band, took me two days playing with their app to get it to find the WiFi. Don’t bother with this useless Wemo. Spend your money elsewhere.
which is good, except the updates always fail so you have ... Awful plugs, the plugs always update, which is good, except the updates always fail so you have to reconfigure it all the time.
Works great, looks terrible. :( Its a good product. Works well and was easy to install, but Im going to have to return it. The switch that I want to replace is in a 3 switch box and the Wemo is just slightly a different size than the other switches and that makes the faceplate not fit correctly. I am very dissapointed cause like I said it works great but looks crappy on the wall in a multi switch box. Im sure it would be great in a single switch box where you can just use the Wemo faceplate.
Track Energy costs and control timing, all remotely! When the Wemo I sight launched, we couldn’t wait! We have one that essentially monitors the energy usage of an aquarium we have and two where we monitor lighting for the tomatoes we started indoors this year! Being able to time our lights AND know the energy cost helped us big time-and all remotely! Thank you wemo!!!
Drops from wifi and won't reconnect until unplugged DAILY Keeps dropping from wifi.... have 2 of them, both of them do it. Other wifi devices including another model Wemo do not. Contacted support, they advise that i need to create static DHCP leases. I did this, the units still drop. When i say drop, this isn't momentary. This is EVERY DAY the units go "offline" and never return until they are unplugged and plugged back in. Not very handy for a product that is placed somewhere hard to reach. I've boxed them up and find them unuseable. Since this is multiple of this same model, seems to be a flaw in firmware design that does not seem to want to reconnect to wireless. Perhaps someone will eventually fix this
Five Stars Very easy to pair with Amazon Dot
Great product Great light switch, very easy to install. Easy to setup with Google Assistant. Price is fair as well, especially since you don't need a hub.
Five Stars Works as advertised!
Easy to install and connects with my Amazon Echo with ... Easy to install and connects with my Amazon Echo with the same ease. Enjoying this very much. Just be careful to check if your circuits are single-pole or multi-pole. This dimmer only works on a single-pole switch.
My WiFi base station died. Guess what? I ... My WiFi base station died. Guess what? I had to reprogram each unit one by one.Also, you cannot group the devices so you can’t turn on “the living room”.Other than that, it works as advertised.
Product does not work Would not connect to WiFi either at home or work. Tried three different wifi routers to no avail.Returned one and the second one is doing the same. "the wemo app is unable to connect to WiFiname"Would not recommend this to an enemy
Five Stars Works great for my coffee pot. No issues. Easy to program with simple interface on my iPhone.
Easy to use and connect to wifi Love this product.I have a couple in my home
Five Stars A lot better than previous Wemo plugs well done
Nightmare after changing internet provider Bought 6 of these and 2 plug ins 2 years ago. Took a little doing to make it work with Alexa (I built my own computers so I do know a little). This year I changed internet provider (faster Speed). So I had to set up my network again. could not get the wemo app to work. uninstalled it reinstalled multiple times. Download and installing the app takes a minute, doing the update takes forever. Seems to me that maybe they should have redone the app instead off throwing out this update. worked on it for hours checked online, even the tech people don't have a clue. Going to replace them all with TP Switches (about $400 out the window). Just want to let you know if you got it working don't change your internet provider.
Alexia control is not great. A nice gadget for the smart home, but the control with Alexia Echo is not perfect. Half the time the two devices fail to communicate. With the phone app the controller always responds.
Using w/ Alexa - works great Awesome. Hooked it up to my Alexa and I just tell Alexa to turn the lights on and off when I'm in the room.
it was awesome as a beginner to home automation When I got the WEMO, it was awesome as a beginner to home automation. It allowed me to control some things through the app... and I started dabbling with IFTTT to build better automation. Amazon Alexa worked great... and all was great. Then I started getting into advanced home automation through an amazing app called Stringify... and I discovered that WEMO no longer allows third parties to connect to them( https://forums.stringify.com/t/the-belkin-wemo-range/53/11). WEMO basically blocked off integration from new third parties. They believe their internal development team is better than the rest of the world for home automation. Well they are not.If you want to do basic home automation that works great. If you want to buy a product that is open to integration... get something else. Very disappointed in WEMO at this point in time.
I absolutely hate this thing. Intermittent and extremely frustrating. About 75% of the time my app says device not found. Spent 35 minutes on chat with their tech support who spoke poor English with no resolution.
Not as happy with as other Wemo devices Compared to the other Wemo switches this one was confusing to program. Still don’t really get the fade time and it seems messing with it causes the on and off times to get screwed up.Would love it if Wemo could make it so two homes could be controlled from one device. Hopefully they are working on that.
A little hard to get setup but works great once you do. It took me a while to get these setup and working on my app. There's another review here that outlines a good set of steps to help.
Five Stars It works and was easy to install.
This thing is absolutely awesome. I love being able to ask my house ... This thing is absolutely awesome. I love being able to ask my house to turn the lights on. We live in the future!
This is a great product, and reliable plus easy to set up This is a great product, and reliable plus easy to set up. Only wish they could make a dimmer that would work with other switches on same circuit. great to set up with Alexa.
Definitely a Re-purchase Choice that delivers!!!! This is switch is my very first smart home purchase and it delivers SOLID service to my smart home system. If you are just like me that always forget to turn off the porch light until noon, or your kids always leave the lights on when they go to school, you WILL want to install this switch at your home! My porch light automatically turn on and off on timer at sunrise and sunset! I can check my daughter’s bedroom light status even when I’m on my way to work. AMAZING! It is so EASY to install as long as you can locate the breakers in your house. Real simple!!!! This is the choice I will purchase again and again for my entire house not only for lights but for bathrooms vents as well. The WEMO app is easy to use. But the most importantly is that this works very well with ALEXA! Super easy to link. If only the switch can accomodate 3-way light switch configuration, it remains 4 stars for now.
Caution, this is not a plug and play device it requires manipulation by the implementer. Still have to reset the device to have it work properly. I'm sure I've done something wrong but the device is not intuitive enough to just plug and play.
Works great It's been a few months and it works great. Easy to connect to Alexa. Wiring it in was simple if you know how to wire a simple switch. I like the ability to have it automatically turn on at sunset every day based on our time zone.
Reliable A wonderful little “hey siri” capable plug. Wemo has always worked for me, and was easy to set up. Using this one to have Siri turn on the fireplace to ward off that chilly evening. Others are opening the garage doors or circulating the hot water to the way back bathroom far from the instant hot water system. Hey Siri, turn on the hot water! 3 minutes later we have hot water without running a bunch down the drain.
Five Stars Easy install and set-up. Great product as does not require a "bridge" like some other smart home products.
Super easy to setup & schedule! This solved a problem we've been experiencing for a long time. We've longed for a solution that would allow us to come home to a well-lit house without the need to have the lights on all night. This switch connected to our porch light comes on at sunset (which was easy to setup) and turns off at a reasonable hour (also easy to set). The setup really couldn't have been any easier as it found the network and connected quickly. As an added bonus, it also is recognized by our Amazon Echo giving us voice control over the outside lights as well.
I like the fact that I can control these from my ... I like the fact that I can control these from my phone when I am away and also set up a schedule with these.
... have a few differnt Wemo products and have only great things to say about this company I have a few differnt Wemo products and have only great things to say about this company. NO bridges or hubs needed and setup is user friendly through an app. Tried three other systems and returned them all, almost gave up until I tried one last time with this company.
Worth the money so far So far the light works really well. I've had no issues with the wifi connectivity and the voice responses work well with Google Assistant and Alexa. The widgets on the WeMo app are also handy if you don't feel like talking aloud. I would give this 5 stars but the housing for the electrical for the switch is kind of large and it was difficult to fit it in the wall with all the other wiring. Besides that couldn't be happier.
Installation was easy and works as advertised. Was easy to install and configure. The included instructions plus the short video walking through the various steps was very helpful. Once I finished the installation, getting it configured on my network was a snap. This was the first Wemo Light Switch I installed and I plan to get a couple more.
Works Great Only have Wemo light switches in my house - they work great. I haven’t had any issues. Very easy to install, connect to app and Alexa
Not that easy to set up, but works. I purchased two of these but only got one to work. The working switch does control a lamp and is set to a timer. It may be that I did something wrong with the second switch. I will keep working on it.
I use it with Alexa to turn my tv on ... I use it with Alexa to turn my tv on and off. Works every time. Now I can turn on the news while putting in my contacts in the bathroom in my 1 bedroom apartment in the morning.
The idea with these are good. However The idea with these are good. However, the app needs much needed work. It is a mess and will not connect with my router. It says it does then not there. When I finally got it to work, it will not let me enable remote access so I can't use it while away from home which is why i bought it.
Five Stars Very easy installation and VOILA!!!! You’re ready to go!!!!!!! GREAT PRODUCT!
Five Stars Awesome!!!!!! So easy to install!
Easy introduction to home automation Great switch and helps with overall home automation, as you can easily set-up lighting schedules
These are insanely good. My install was a bit of a hassle ... These are insanely good. My install was a bit of a hassle (no ground for a fan, 3 way switch, and very little room in the box). After dealing with each issue everything is working as advertised. The speed at which the light turns on/off when i'm miles away (someone was home) is very impressive.The app itself, eh nothing special. Every time i click on the rules button, it just loads forever and nothing happens.
I love the dimmer more than the switch I love the dimmer more than the switch. So many other options and looks great. I wish I could afford to switch all my switches to a dimmer.I am planning for when my kids get older and won’t turn lights on and off for me.Seemless with Alexa and on the phone app.Managed to convince a friend moving into a new home to make the move.
Just bought two more! Ive only had it a week but it works really well with my alexa and was easy enough to install. Great product
TPlink is far better. Belkin Wemo switches are notoriously unreliable and very difficult to setup. The app is all over the place.. After a number of failures I gave up and tossed it. TPlink is far better.
Love it! Looks great. Works perfectly. You need to have a very basic understanding of electrical. Very easy for me to install and I'm not an electrician. Not sure if its able to work on a two way switch? Planning on getting more products from Wemo. Everyone loves it. They are a bit more expensive than some others but they look well made. We have it connected through ALEXA.
Easy install, easy setup, great convenience! I use this switch with the Google assistant and it is fantastic. Installation was a breeze and setup was quick and easy. Tying it together with Google assistant and all the other smart devices I have was super easy.
Five Stars It worked just like it said it would.
Five Stars works great - will buy more
Will buy again! Works very well! I have my heating blanket plugged into it for the winter. It's great that I can just heat up my bed before hand and not having to go upstairs to turn it on and then go back downstairs.
Easy to install The ease of installing the product was what sold me. Once installed connectivity was a very simple process, and I am impressed with the functionality of the product. There’s nothing not to like about this item.
Great for non smart items Works great for items that aren't already smart. Plug in, add the app to your phone and go.
Works but have to reset it every week or two ... Works but have to reset it every week or two. I dont have this problem with the Wemo Light Switch (non dimmer) that works flawlessly
Great quality, easy setup! I love Wemo products. This light switch was easy to set up and worked right away. Nice, clean design and good plastic quality.
Five Stars Very reliable - great convenience to have all outside lights on a schedule
Remote Wireless Switching I've been using Wemo mini-plugs for some months now. This was my first foray into the light switch arena and it turned out to be an outstanding success. I was concerned about the wireless aspect because I use a centrally located router for my home network needs. Since the switch was being installed in a casita (separate but adjacent building) I was concerned about signal range, potential interference and reliability. As it turned out installation, connection and reliability has been outstanding. Since this switch controls outside lighting I'm using the Wemo app auto function to turn power on and off. And, I can override with Alexa using the Wemo skill if I want. It's been running unattended for a week now and I'm a very happy camper!
Works great with Google Home works exactly as advertised. Works great with Google Home.
Five Stars Best purchase if you have an Alexa. have these set up around my house and it's amazing
Wemo does not work in two separate locations. Installation was easy and the product works on it's own. The problem comes in when trying to connect to the Wemo app. I have two locations with separate wifi and that just doesn't work with Wemo products. so now I get too replace the Wemo with a TP-Link Kasa. Wish I would have known this before I purchased the Wemo.
waste of time where do i start with this product.. i’ve only had it but a few days and it has to be the worse thing possible. i’ve tried everything to connect this device and nothing works. also, the app for this product crashes during the setup faze. if you wanna waste your time, be my guest. if you figure out how to get this particular unit to conn, kuddos to you.
Horrible noise from LED lights. The dimmer switch WiFi control works really nice. Unfortunately, the switch produces just awful buzzing/humming from the lights. I have it controlling six Torchstar 19 watt 5/6” recessed dimmable LED retrofit lights that are 18 feet up in the ceiling of a two story room. With the TV on at a modest volume I can still hear the lights at any level other than 100%. It drives me insane, it is so loud. Sadly, I will have to return the switch and revert back to the Levitron it replaced. That one works perfectly - just no WiFi control.
Works as designed The day it came in i was able to setup the unit within just 10min.
Five Stars Easy setup and installation.
Easy to use Easy to use...So far have enjoyed having it. It was easy to set up. I think I like it better that a big bulky timer. I haven’t decided where to put it, but seems easy to change spots without having to reprogram. I’m already considering buying another if it comes around again.
Easy install, great switch; subpar app. Have 3 of these switches and really enjoy them. I've moved 3 times and have taken them with me each time as the installation is super easy and takes just a few minutes to do. The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is the app is a bit inconsistent. While the setup portion is a little difficult, the stability of it recognizing switches on the network is subpar. Fortunately for me I control them via Echos and Google Home which has never let me down nor has ever had issues connecting.
works great with alexa have 4 of them in the house! works great with alexa..!
Phone App is Nice It's a little underwhelming. It's like a timer you'd plug in the wall, so the thing I like the most is, if I do want the lamp off I can do it from my phone app without gettin up. If you want it to do anything else you need a Wemo this or that. Over all good purchase.
Won't Stay Connected I've wasted an incredible amount of time on 2 of these that I bought. No matter what I do they will not stay connected to my network. I have many other devices that have no issue. Restarting the plugs or my router does not restore the connection, I have to do the entire initial setup again. Not worth it for me. Wish I'd never bought them as they're useless to me now.
Once Connected Once connected, works great!
Five Stars Easy to install/use. Wish they had switch available for 3 pole
Five Stars Simple installation and easy to setup with WiFi network. Works great for timing outdoor lights.
and they all were very easy to setup Difficult to get it setup. I have a few of the larger model, and they all were very easy to setup. Thus one refused to work through the app on my Android tablet, and Android phone. I finally had to load the app onto my iphone from work.
SUPER EASY INSTALLATION!! What I love the most about this dimmer is the SUPER EASY installation process. Very well thought out easy to follow steps and Intergration with my google home was seamless!!! Nothing bad to say at all ! Worth the price !
Nice smart plug Great smart plug only been using for 1 week but I like it
Adds features but interfered with garage door opener Worked well to control the lights and paired easily with Google Home and Amazon Echo.I wish the click sounded higher quality and that the top of the switch was angled in to look like a standard switch and indicate where to press.Unfortunately, it caused detriment interference with my garage door openers so I returned it. The garage remotes only worked within a few feet of the garage after the switch was installed. I replaced this Week switch with a TP-Link Kasa switch and my garage door openers went back to working a few houses away while still gaining voice control of the lights.
Left a circular dent in my wall because it stretches ... Left a circular dent in my wall because it stretches wider than the outlet plate. Find something else that fits an outlet.
Giving up due to firmware issues About 1 year on, I'm writing this review because I'm about to throw out my WeMo over serious firmware issues just turning it on and off at a set time. The basic issue is that the wemo has a bug in how is calculates times. So if you set your wemo to turn on at 8am pacific, at 5:21am "click" it comes on. Similar issues when it's time to turn itself off. After a few attempts to find a fix (which revealed other bugs in the WeMo app on android!), I'm about ready to give up using it for this simple use case of turning a light on and off automatically at a set time.Search for "wemo turns off at wrong time" on google and you'll see the long, multi-year thread about this bug with hundreds of people on it asking for a fix and trying to find a solution. Starting way back in 2014, and continuing to 2018 :(
Love it! I purchased this off the Treasure Truck and I love it. When I don't feel like getting up to turn the lights off, I just get my tablet and go to the app and turn it off. Very convenient!
Three Stars the app that works with these is not exactly user friendly.
Wemo worthless Would give zero stars if I could. Setup is maddening to begin with, but then the product suddenly stopped working. Tried "factory reset" but that didn't work either. Tried for at least 2 hours to get it to reconnect. Finally gave up and threw them in the drawer. Bought them originally because of the Belkin name. Very disappointed.
A Reliable Solution I have installed two of these switches in my house and was very pleased with the results. They work very reliable. I then installed two more at my beach house and have been very pleased with them too. The setup is somewhat straight forward but the defining of routines takes some trial and error. but once set they never seem to fail. I highly recommend them.
Five Stars Works great on single switch. Needs to work on two or three way switch.
Absolutely Worthless!!!! I'm not one for really writing reviews but these light switches SUCK!! And what's worse is the app. I bought 4 of these things so I know it's not one faulty switch. They all do the same thing, or don't do I should say. And to any of the naysayers out there, I'm an electrician and followed all of the steps properly to set them up on the app.First of all, these things take forever and a day to update if an update comes out for it. So you get to sit there and watch the white led flash until it's done. Next, it will ask you if you want to save your wi-fi settings to make future setups easier. I have chosen that option but it's completely worthless. If your power ever goes out or you reset your router, you have to go through the pain and reconnect these pieces of junk to your wi-fi all over again. Otherwise it will just sit there and flash red, indicating that there is an issue. Lastly, trying to get them to connect to your wi-fi is like pulling teeth at the same time of ripping your hair out. You have to connect to the switch's wi-fi first, then go through the dimming steps and then choose the wi-fi that you want it to connect to. Then it bounces around connectivity between the switch, your cell phones network and then your home wi-fi. AND IF YOUR LUCKY, IT WILL MAGICALLY CONNECT! It's absolutely frustrating for a "smart switch!" if you are going to spend the money on this switch, spend a few bucks more and get the iDevices switches. I have a bunch of those installed in other parts of my home and they work flawlessly! Setup was easier than ever and it automatically connects in the event of power loss or internet loss. Plus they work in a 2-way or 3-way or 4-way setup. These crappy Wemo switches are only one way! Trust me people, stay away!!
Five Stars I like being able to set the dimmer to turn on the lights randomly while I am away.
Easy to program I bought this for my Kuerig coffee maker and it isn’t compatible with it. The smart plug is good but the Kuerig has a button to push to turn on and off so it doesn’t work.
Do not buy if you need to control lights in more than one location. Purchased 2 of the devices to install at 2 separate locations. After installing the second device, the app automatically deleted my first device. Seems that all WEMO devices must be in the same location. Seems that customers have been asking Belkin to address this problem for quite some time. For whatever reason they do not want to fix this serious issue.
Dimmer light switch makes lounging easy I absolutely love my dimmer light switch! I have it connected to a chandelier above my reading couch and love how I can control the brightness without having to walk across the room.
Excellent Excellent product
Wemo is a great well made product Wemo is a great well made product! I have the wemo mini and the light switch they both work great.
No security whatsoever No security whatsoever. The switch works and can be controlled by the app. However, anyone with access to your WiFi network and the Wemo app installed can see and control your switch. Did you have a friend over for lunch and give them your WiFi password? Congratulations, you have now given them permission to control your light switches too. There's not so much as a PIN number. Go read the Wemo forums where people are also able to see random other devices that don't belong to them and control them too. Unbelievably bad software design.
Easy to I stall and use I love being able to turn the light on from my phone or with Alexa.
Works well Easy to set up and works well.
Don’t trust your smart phone signal as a proxy for the Wemo switch Worked as advertised AFTER I purchased and installed a WiFi extender. Before purchasing the Wemo switch, I verified 3 bars of router power on my smart phone at the install point. Belkin says you need at least 2. To my surprise, after installing the switch, it registers only 1 bar and can’t connect to my router, so I need to go the extender route, which is tricky. The switch signal electronics are clearly weaker than those of today’s smart phones, so BEWARE. Probably best to assess switch power with a plug first rather than your smart phone.
Love these things! Measuring my electricity usage is something I've been looking to do for a while now. Adding my Google Home connection to them is the icing on the cake. Definitely going to get more!
Great! Sometimes loses connection Just what I wanted, works well with my Amazon Alexa. Sometimes goes "undetected" and you cant access what's plugged into it. Not a deal breaker though, keep in mind this is plugged in right next to my router so it shouldn't lose signal at all
Either way I really like the product A little expensive, I saw some others on amazon for half the price, 40 dollars is a bit high for 1 outlet, I don't know if they're they same quality. Either way I really like the product. Setup was easy. 1 problem I had was that the app wouldn't let me click "turn on at sun rise and off at sun set". It kept clicking away. That's the only reason it's not 5 stars.
Good dimmer, lousy connectivity and app. The WeMo dimmer switch works great as a dimmer switch. The controls are simple, easy to use, and look great on my walls.However, that's pretty much where my praises for this device end. The additional connectivity and control features are what make this dimmer switch attractive, and justify the price tag. Unfortunately this is where this wemo device falls flat on its face. I've spent countless hours attempting to connect these devices to my Asus wireless router with zero success. The android app is poorly written and relies on end users having a very simple wifi configuration in their home. Multiple APs? Nope, not supported. 5Ghz band routers? Nope. Even something simple like having spaces in your wifi ssid name isn't supported. I've even read in the support forums that your wifi name can't start with a capital letter or number. Trust me, you will be spending quite a bit of time reading through the support forums. WTF?The only way I was able to get these devices connected to a wifi network was to set up my 5 year old TP-Link router and experiment with different router settings so that I didn't disrupt wifi for the rest of my family while troubleshooting these things. They remain on that network today because I've already spent way too much time fiddling with them to want to go through the entire process again. Simply put, this product is/was not ready to be released. The level of wifi and networking technical knowledge required to configure these switches is unacceptable for a residential product.Oh, and if you want to upgrade your wireless router? Good luck getting these dimmer switches to forget about the old wifi network and connect to a new one. The wifi reset process provided by wemo/belkin doesn't always work either.All that being said, if you can survive the trials of getting these devices connected and working, they seem to work well with few problems. I've had 2 of these dimmer switches working in my home for about 5 months with no additional problems beyond initial setup.
Great for Front Porch Lights Bought it automatically turn on the front porch lights based on the time when the sun will set and turn off when the sun will rise. It’s easy to to install with easy to follow instructions.
Great but can only set one schedule. I like the slim design that frees up the other receptacle. I really wish, however, that I had known that the app will only let you set one schedule for it. I have a lamp in my living room plugged in and I like to have it come on in the early morning, go out later in the morning after I've gone to work and then come on again before I get home in the evening and go out after I've gone up to bed. The schedule is run by the app on my phone, so why can't I set two independent schedules?!
Simple to setup Simple setup. Works great. Took less than 30 min to have a working switch installed. I will buy more of these.
Simple and works great! Took about 5 min to install and a couple more to hook up to Alexa. Works great!
I Love these Wemo mini smart plug's I Love these Wemo mini smart plug's. This is the 4th one I've purchased. Very easy to set up.
Very easy to install and link to home network Very easy to install and link to home network. I like the ability to program on and off times either daily or specific days of use.I also like that Alexa can control my switches.
Bought one, came back for two more!! I tried at first, since my boyfriend couldn’t do it, and he’s some kind of techie expert!!! The only problem I had was that I couldn’t locate my Wi-Fi password. Once I did, I had not problem connecting it, and believe me, I’m no computer wiz!!!! Anyone can do it!!! So, if and when I’m out I can turn on a few things, and come home to a lighted house. Now, I have to figure out how to do this outside, any suggestions??!!!
Five Stars easy install and setup. Great functions
Four Stars Switch works as advertised. I wish HomeKit was built in instead of having to buy another hub.
Horrible customer support i cannot love this thing, but mainly for two reasons:1- their customer support is HORRIBLE: i bought 14 of it, and within 6 months, 1 kept becoming unresponsive, dropping from the network, not responding to even manual operation with me pushing the button, i kept having to reset it every day. so i called their support, and after dragging it over two days, they said they will replace it for me, and asked me to send the defective one first, what company in their right mind tells you to do that and leave the wall without a switch?? and assume i was not the one doing it, hire an electrician to come over twice, once to remove it and once to put it back when the replacement arrives??? are they crazy??2- the fact that it stopped responding manually is horrible, that should NEVER be the case. it should always function as a regular switch for emergencies, and to me, that is a major major fail!one last thing, the button is not smooth, it squeaks when u push it, and has a lot more resistance than normal switches.. but to me that is minor.
Good so far. Easy to install. Works great so far after a week of use. At first i had trouble setting up the switch thru the app (the app couldn't connect to wifi router). Turning off power to the switch itself, then turning back on resolved the problem.
It works. note: not suitable for 3-way wiring. I bought this a while back and didn't know that it would not work in 3-way config, but we save it for use in an addition.It works. The update reboot stalled felt like it froze up but it finished updating without further efforts.It works well.Alexa might take some time to get used to working with it even after you've connected, but once it figures itself out, it works.
One Star Crap won't connect.
Easy to install and setup This light switch was easy to install and easy to setup (just like all my other Wemo devices). I really like the scheduling options. Super handy.
easy! Super easy to setup. Love turning the light on before I get home.
Good, quality product. Product just as described. Easy setup, and works great with my Alexa Echo.
Don't even think about buying I would give it zero stars.I bought two switches for two different houses.Installing the first switch was not a problem, but then the WeOn WiFi plug that i had for more than a year disappeared from the WeOn app, never be able to make it work again.After installing the second switch in the second house caused the first switch to disappear from the app.I am sending these pieces of s**t back.
Five Stars good product
Too much fun! I have set up five dimmer light switchs now in my house. I control them all with An Echo dot in one room and a Spot in the other. It is way too much fun to be able to control five lights around the home simply by asking Alexa to turn them on! Yes, it did take some time to install the light switch and get connected with the Alexa voice command. However, it was worth it because it is so much fun to control the house with your voice. It’s much safer as well because I can now turn on lights, music, televisions, from my almost any room if I hear anyone breaking into the house.I highly recommend these devices.
Great device makes life easier at home works as described. Great device makes life easier at home.
Steer Clear This thing NEVER works. I've had to reinstall it several times, got "level 2" tech support, and Belkin's answer is "oh well, sucks to be you." Stay away. If you're buying this because you don't want to install a hub, forget about it. Wemo products are TERRIBLE.
Do you need the extra features? Not sure the added features are worth the price. I works though
Good but basic Works well. Looks good. Would have given 5 stars if it worked with 3-way setups.
Easy setup and install, works perfectly with Amazon Alexa Light switch was very easy to install and setup. Works like a charm with our amazon Alexa! WiFi ability is amazing to have at the touch of a button or your voice.
Great switch Love the ease of the setup. If your not familiar with electricity please let a qualified electrician do the actual installation. That being said the WeMo app is very user friendly and integrated seamlessly with my Google home. Doesn't work on 5g network, which I would like to see in future models but my router is able to run it off the 2.4g network and Google handles the rest once the account is linked. Scheduling is a breeze with the app, you just have to make sure your device is on the same network as the switch.
Great with Daylight LEDs YES, YES, YES. Replacing TP-Link wifi switch with this Wemo dimmer was a great decision. Great for daylight LED lights.
The product works and it is beautiful. Need to have a outside light Dawn to ... The product works and it is beautiful.Need to have a outside light Dawn to Dask option where the light will never turn off.
Works very well, Easy to Install I really like it. Easy to install, works great. Only annoying thing is how it doesn't work through Siri without another device. Wish Wemo's items were a little cheaper, because I would love to buy them all
Easy installation and works perfectly Easy to install no issues.. connected to Alexa without any problems. Solid product.
The wemo products are easy to setup The wemo products are easy to setup, there are a few issues you may run into but with a little searching you'll be able to figure it out. I like the product.
Bringing my home into the new age Included in the preparation for selling my house, pleased as punch to be able to turn on exterior lights on schedule as well as by hand. New owners are going to appreciate the added bit of security.
The Wemo light switch just like their dimmer switches that I purchased were easy to ... The Wemo light switch just like their dimmer switches that I purchased were easy to install and easy to connect to Alexa. They work great.
Seven months in and they won't connect. I purchased two of these and they worked fine for about seven months. After that they would no longer connect to my WiFi network. Factory resetting them doesn't always "take", so you'll go through the process five or six times before it's actually reset. The in-app "rules" feature doesn't work because of a firmware update and customer support says they don't know if it'll ever be fixed. You can set rules through Alexa but only when these smart plugs feel like connecting to the network.
Five Stars Used it first for the Christmas tree and now we are using it for other lights. It works well.
lasted less than a year. It was fine while it worked, but less than a year old it up and died. Having purchased it from Amazon and its age, I just get to eat it because I can't return it. Even Belkin won't deal with it because I did not purchase it from them directly.
Buy the cheaper alternative which happens to be better! I purchased this, for 31.99 and the Laneco (2 pack) mini wireless smart sockets for 21.99. This isn't able to maintain wireless connection or connection with Alexa while the cheaper other TWO are when right next to each other in the living room. I was able to relocate it closer to the router (5 feet away) and get it to work but I would highly recommend against this more expensive product that doesn't have the same range. It does have a better looking plastic/gloss finish and the app looks nicer...it just doesn't perform.
Works well! I had problems setting it up and was about to give up when it finally worked. It's been great ever since. I have other Wemo products and love that they work with my Echo Dots.
Switches and plugs are great My son had gotten several light switches and plugs and would lay down in bed and say good night Alexa and fans came on, lights went off and air conditioner adjusted. It was so nice that I bought some too. It really is nice and setup was simple.
Five Stars Works great with Google Home and stand alone.
Worth the buy. Very convenient, easy to install
Easy to install and set up Easy to install. Set up easily (Decent App) and worked the first time. Only installed for a few days and no issues. Works as advertised.
Security light saves time Easy to install and works perfectly. I use it to light my outside lights from dawn to dusk. Also saves me from having to use infrared on my outside security cameras for a clearer picture.
Won't work in more than 1 location!!! I split my time between 2 different locations, and of course I only have 1 smartphone. When I got this for the first location, it worked wonderfully. I ordered another one for the second location, but after it didn't work and I called Wemo support, I found this is an inherent design problem -- the Wemo app is not set up to accept Wemo's from more than 1 physical location with 1 Wi-fi router. So now I have to return the 2nd Wemo and look for a Wemo competitor!I understand the Wemo people made this to work seamlessly with minimal technical problems, but it seems they could have made the app have a username and password so that people could control multiple Wemo's from multiple locations. An unfortunate flaw -- otherwise I loved it!
Worked for a little while and then stopped. This worked just long enough for the return window to close and then it stopped. Won't work as a manual light switch or with Alexa. Had to pay an electrical person to remove it and put the old switch in. He says the unit is faulty.
Garbage! Every time they do an update ( and you do have to update or you won't be able to control the switch remotely) It takes forever to reconnect. This time I can't get it to reconnect at all. It tells me the switch is connected to my network, but the app doesn't find it. Did everything from resetting to re-installing. This is just a piece of garbage.
Love it Replaced my front porch/ coach light switch with this one and it's great. I just tell Alexa to turn the porch light on or off from the comfort of my sofa
Works with Alexa Do make sure you have a neutral wire before buying. If you have it, installation is straight forward, though switch is large (as is typical with dimmers), so if you have a lot of wires in your electrical box, it may be a tight fit. I mainly wanted a dimmer switch that works with Alexa, and this fit the bill and works fairly well. Main issue is that every once in awhile, Alexa tells me the switch isn't responding when I give it a command, but it actually executes it just fine. I don't use the app to control it, so I can't comment on how well the app works.
Will work with Alexa…eventually Look nice. Dims well. Has a good feel.Biggest issue is a lack of diagram to name buttons. Two buttons: the usual on and off switch and underneath that a horizontal clear light bar. That lower button can be held down 9 seconds to put the dimmer back into ready mode. This wasn’t listed anywhere.The iPhone app needs work. Hopefully it will get better and more stable.Not many other options that look as good. If you get confused or struggle setting them up, call customer service. It’s insane how specific the order of operations is to get these work.Finally all set up with voice control and loving it. Good luck.
Really like it, but Wemo needs a way to be ... Really like it, but Wemo needs a way to be able to change the SSID and wifi password without having to reset the unit.
Stays connected. Good Quality. This seems to be one of the better smart outlets I have tried so far. Price is a little higher than some, but it is consistent and stays connected.
My power went out and the wemo refused to connect ... My power went out and the wemo refused to connect with my wifi. Also the apps would no longer recognize the device even after it was reset.
Good smart plug...Maybe a bit big I bought some Wemos for the house. My wife has gotten to be a fan of using our Alexa to control the plugs.This one does get marked down a bit for being kind of large. The Wemo setup sometimes take a time or two to get to work right.Overall satisfied, needs a bit more work by the Wemo people.
Awesome features, but froze too many times I really wanted to give this 2 stars for some major flaws, but 4 stars for functionality. So here I am at 3 stars.First the flaws: it frequently locks up (as in, becomes unresponsive). What good is a light switch, as smart as it is, if it can't turn on the lights? This was the single biggest reason I had to uninstall it (after 4 lock ups in just a few months, my wife couldn't take it anymore). I did the software updates and all, but that didn't help. Also, the "blue light" area shown in the pictures hides 3 "reset" options... reset wifi, restart device, reset whole device. They don't work properly. When the switch locks up and become unresponsive, I would try to hit each area of the switch in an attempt to resolve the issue. Tap, hold for 1 second, hold for 2, hold for 10... all actions had the same result. The LEDs would light up, "count down" and that's it. No change in behavior at all (switch was still locked up). The only way to get control of your lights again is to trip and reset the circuit breaker. Unfortunately, that reset everything in the room that was on the same circuit.Second flaw is annoying but eventually resolves itself: wifi setup is finicky. Here, your phone connects to the switch (essentially wifi direct mode), transfers over the wifi access info for your network, and then disconnects. Then both switch and phone are supposed to reconnect to your normal wifi network, find each other and then proceed with setup. Well, this often failed, and I'd have to restart the process a few times. But after 3 or 4 attempts, it would work.Last gripe is that the pics make the switch look like it has a nightlight mode. It does NOT. That LED is never on permanently. It only flashes when you touch the switch (or do it remotely) to indicate that it is processing a command. That's it. They reallly didn't need such a huge LED to indicate that, nor do the marketing photos need to show it on like a nightlight. They even make it appear blue, when most of the time mine was white.As far as features go, it was great. Love the single touch toggle (touch once for on, touch again for off)... no rocker, no separate on/off button. Also like the slide-to-dim on the touch panel feature (can even do it before turning on the light so it doesn't start off too bright). Awesome! Loved the scheduling features in the app, such as the one that sets the default brightness at a certain time (so you can, for example, say from midnight to 6am, set my default to 20% brightness, and so if you turn on the light in the middle of the night, it's soothingly dim instead of blindingly bright).It also integrates easily with Google Home/Assistant.But again, the great features are useless if the switch doesn't work (the lockups).
Somewhere between the application and the switch the timeout is ... Somewhere between the application and the switch the timeout is too big causing the software to fail to recognize the switch and removing it from the list. No issues with Alexa accessing switch.
frustrating in the long run - ok at first these work until they don't. initial set up is easy. anything after that is difficult. I have had 2 for over a year now. they sent an update and it has been trying to update for a week now. the app is not great you can set day times for on and off but there is a day of the week portion that hasn't been activated going on 16 months now. the app often has trouble finding the plugs when you try and make a change...works ok, but frustrating in the long run, I would look elsewhere
Four Stars Great item
Easy smart plug Works great...super convenient...love it.
Not much to say. It fulfills it purpose, what else can I really say?
Five Stars Fits in old style metal wall boxes!
Five Stars Wemo plugs are great
Fully met my expectations! Works exactly as expected.
Go with these Works good. Easy install. Great app
Easy to install Easy to install. Required me to restart my router a few times to connect though. Wemo app is pretty bad, but works fine with Alexa.
Bad setup experience, great product otherwise Here is the thing. Once it is setup, they are a great, no hassle way to control floor lamps. You can log into to them remotely as well, so you can turn on lights before you get into your home, or use them as a way to make people think you are home.However the setup process is a pain, I have about 7 of these guys and about half of them have been extremely difficult to get onto my wifi for the first use. They consistently fail to connect to the network, and require many resets prior to the first use.
Five Stars Great
Easy to use! Great device! 4 stars because was a little confusing installing, although the instructional video did help.
Five Stars Does what it supposed to do. No setup - just plug in and go.
Can't access remotely, what's the point One of my plugs works well and the other can't be accessed remotely. WeMo's customer service is pretty bad and I can't get anyone to help me with my problem. I've been disappointed as I had high hopes.
Five Stars Wonderful. Set it and forget it
Excellent product Excellent product, i can access my lights from anywhere, currently i own about 15 of these and they are great, would definitely keep buying these
Buyer Beware - Customer Support Will Leave You Frustrated When Switches Fail Over the course of the last 2 years I've purchased 7 switches, in an effort to automate multiple lights throughout the house. I had them connected to a LinkSys WRT54G router and Surfboard 6120 modem. And while I had the switches connected to those old devices, they worked well. Unfortunately, the rest of the devices in the house were lagging and not connecting well, because of the outdated modem and router.I upgraded the house to TP-Link gear (EAP 245 & TL-ER6020 Router) connected to a much newer 6183 Surfboard. And then my issues began. I was unable to get the switches to connect to the WeMo app, though I could see them connecting to my network. Without the app, I was unable to control the switches remotely, or through any of my Google Home or Echo assistants. I was unable to change any routines, and essentially, the switches in the wall, and the smart plug were very expensive standard units.I tried searching forums, following the instructions meticulously, but to no avail. Meanwhile, the dozen or so other smart devices I have in my home connect to my network seamlessly and without issue, an expected result considering the significant upgrade.I contacted WeMo customer support initially December of last year. And was escalated through the levels up to their highest support tier, where the best instructions I received were: let's reset the units, reset the app, and see how if they connect. I spent upwards of 15 hours between the support tiers, troubleshooting the connectivity issue without a single change.Ultimately, I was offered a refund on my units, in February of this year, by the WeMo representative. Yet, here we are today, in April, and though I call back on a weekly basis, I have not gotten a response yet past, we are reviewing the case and are awaiting a decision.I would be very hesitant to purchase these items if you have any plans of upgrading your wireless network. I came across my issue on other forums and found the results of other consumers to be hit and miss, with some successfully able to correct the problems and others in my same predicament, out a significant amount of money on a product that did not perform its basic functions as expected.
I love all of my WEMO light switches and this is ... I love all of my WEMO light switches and this is my first dimmer ever. This is the best one yet. Sleek design and look, awesome immediately connection with our Alexa and Google-Home.
Why will it not synch?! I have one already in use, no problem. The new won't synch up!!! I'm ready to return!!
One Star First time I used it to turn on my TV it fried it.
Will fit standard faceplate but doesnt lay flat Easy install, little snag connecting to wifi. Dont like the look and doesnt fit in box that well so faceplate is uneven
Works great. My only compaint is that it doesn't support ... Works great. My only compaint is that it doesn't support 3-way switches (which is why I docked a star).
Works great and Easy Install Just installed it and connected it to my Alexa system. Works great and Easy Install.
Works great. Easy install and pairing with Alexa. Works great so far. Will be replacing a lot of light switches with this.
Must Have in Every House! Great Switch and Love the App and compatibility with Alexa!
Easy installation for a techie Works well. Easy installation for a techie.
10/10 Fantastic product that allows easier management of multiple WEMO switches. Installation isn't too hard, but does take a little know how.
Easy Setup and Install Very satisfied with the Wemo light switch. Easy install and setup. Easy to pair with Alexa. Just wish I didn’t need to purchase a separate bridge to pair with Apple Home Kit, although the bridge is reasonably priced in my opinion. Overall GREAT product! Highly recommend!
Five Stars Excellent product. No issues so far. Easy to install. I would recommend it
Works with Alexa Awesome, works well with Alexa
This light switch is AMAZING!! Programming is so easy This light switch is AMAZING!! Programming is so easy. I don't have to worry about daylight saving messing up my lights again.
Device useless, if you are interested in remote-controll No remote access if not in the same network. I reset the device 5 times. Works 1 - 3 days well (as it should to according description), but then suddenly fell back: no history-data (time-on/ time-off/etc), no remote access. Device is useless. Set-up is very time-consumpting. --- After this experience I rememered earlier experience with Belkin-Devices some years ago: same, devices are not reliable. Will avoed this brand for the next years.
Two thumbs up on the compact design I have had Wemo smart plugs for a long time and I needed to replace my older ones. I like the mini plug because it's not as bulky as the previous Wemo plug I had so it allows the other plug on my outlet to be used. The setup was easy to follow.
Difficult to install I spent an hour trying to connect to my WiFi with no luck with 2 different devices with the same result (can't find my network). Just do a search for problems connecting to your WiFi and see all the people who have had the same problem. I have tried all the tricks, resets and reboots with the exception of re-configuring my router as that would require resetting all the other devices connected to my WiFi. Pretty packaging, nice directions but too bad it doesn't work. I am very tech savvy and I pity those who are not technical. I would NOT purchase this product (this is my first negative review of any product.)
Rarely turns on light after the first attempt. With this switch your on off switch becomes a mobile device. I have the wemo app on my iPhone and iPad. To turn the switch on, and in this case it’s for a couch light, you open the wemo app and touch a circlular button, and wait while nothing happens. If I had to guess what is happening, it seems like the connection between the application and the network stops after a period of time, and you have to touch the on off button more than once to get a response. It’s more than just tapping it twice. You have to tap once, wait a few seconds for it to try to turn the light on or off, only to see it time out, the repeat a second time. After doing this for several months this gets annoying. I would try a different product.
Broke after 8 months, bad CS The product broke after 8 months. Fully died and was unusable.The replacement process was terrible and impossible to get a new one.Worked great while it lasted but wouldn't ever recommend with this customer service experience.
Five Stars I really like these switches, I wish they would dim also
Simple install and operation! Installation was as simple as any other light switch! Linking it to the app was also a breeze, and it works flawlessly!
Five Stars I love my wemo light switch, I just with they worked with ceiling fans too.
Very useful and works perfectly - I use it with google mini and home This works very well with google home and google home mini. I use one to switch on a lamp at fixed times and switch off early if I want to. That plug is difficult to access so its nice to be able to speak the command to switch it off. The other I use for my circulating hot water and switch on the water only when I need it. That plug is in the garage but the wifi signal reaches it just fine from the house.
Really easy to install and set up Really easy to install and set up, integrates very easily with Google home, looks cool.The touch sensitive area is a little finicky, but it's easy enough to adapt to.
Great product, easy installation and programming Great product, easy installation and programming. Set up schedules easily and paired with my Amazon Echo for voice control. The only issue I had was when I tried to change the schedule and it wouldn’t save. I had to reset the light switch, close and open the app, and set up the schedule several times. It finally saved, but after looking online, it looks like this is a common issue. Otherwise, it works perfectly.
Recommend for home automation. Setup was very easy and required no more than 20 minutes and a few basic tools. I followed the instructions and was able to connect it with Alexa and Nest apps without any issues. The app also lets you program the time the switch triggers on. For me, the trigger was the sunset. Will recommentd.
It's great Love it
Would happily give these a 5 star rating if they ever ... Would happily give these a 5 star rating if they ever update the app to support grouping their lights. Seems like an obvious thing, and if you read through the capabilities of the device, you would assume that you could control multiple dimmers at the same time. So many ways to do this these days with IFTTT, Alexa, Google Home, etc. However, the WEMO engineers decided not to include the dimmers the same way their other products group. No idea why. So basically, if you want to say, "set all the lights to 20%", you CAN'T. Nope, not allowed, instead, you can have the luxury of saying "Set Dimmer A to 20%, set Dimmer B to 20%, set Dimmer C to 20%, set.. .f** it I'm just gonna go over to the wall and set them myself and wonder why I needed wifi lights in the first place if I have recite a novel every time I want to set the lights levels.
Piece of time wasting junk that will not connect due to outdated firmware This costs $35 and about 1 to 2 hours of your life trying to troubleshoot because the firmware version is outdated! It won't even connect because of this and not allowing me to update the firmware. Save your time and money and get your lazy bum up to turn on/off your own damn lights!
I like that the device is compatible with the Amazon Alexa ... I like that the device is compatible with the Amazon Alexa products. I will be expanding the products to include more plugs and thermostat. The one thingI am concerned about is WI-FI outages. Will these devices automatically reboot?
Just Right! Ahhh! Just the right size and dependable too.
Best Wemo device yet! I already own several devices in the Wemo family, so when this was released I purchased one for my kitchen overhead lights. Installation was easy and I love being able to dim the lights from my iPhone/iPad. My only complaint is that it is a bit expensive. Put it in your wish list and wait for a sale.
Fantastic liggt switch The WeMo Wi-Fi light switch work just like advertised.... it is totally reliable and compatible with Alexa.... no complaints easy to install and works with LED bulbs without any leakage. I highly recommend this light switch.
Five Stars Love WEMO products
Set it an forget Love that I can set it and forget it. Automatically adjusts for time change. Fantastic,!
Smartest Home Device I really appreciate how quickly the light reacts to my IOS device. The installation was extremely easy too. I was able to install without the help of an electrician and pair with my Amazon Alexa and my Nest Thermostat in just under one hour. The cost is a bit more than the Honeywell ECONO light switch but I think it is worth it. I previously removed my Honeywell thermostat because of pairing issues. In the end it was worth spending the few extra bucks to have something that works with other devices. I have already ordered another WEMO for my house and will probably start gifting them to friends and family.
Pretty convenient way to control your lights when you are in vacations Being able to control our home exterior lights from our cellphone is pretty convenient. We can adjust the times by using a weekly schedule. We are happy with the product, never had a problem with it.
Great outlet! Great smart outlet! It works greats with my lights in my apartment and was easy to setup Alexa controls!
Great Product! Fairly easy to set up, great features!!
Great product. Works very well, although I had a slight hiccup when setting it up. It said it failed to join my wireless network, but it actually did and worked fine.
It works beautifully, when connected but is annoying to have to ... I replaced a standard WEMO switch with this WEMO Dimmer. It disconnects from WiFI daily. The previous switch never did. Not sure what's up. It works beautifully, when connected but is annoying to have to reconnect it daily. I have just uploaded a new version of the app so maybe it will work better.
Very bad option for older houses. Very bad option for older houses. The Belkin product information did not list any information about needing a common ground. While I know this is code in any modern house, it is not necessarily common in all houses. Unfortunately, I waited until after the return date to attempt to install this product, so instead I am left with either an expensive paperweight, or an extremely expensive bill while waiting for an electrician to come rewire my house. Instead I bought a cheap $10 knock off switch from another brand.I have other WeMo products and do like the series, which is why this is a 2 star instead of 1.
Five Stars Love it! Can use my phone or Alexa to control the light from anywhere.
Easy to use and connect with my echo dot Easy to use and connect with my echo dot. While this was a solid purchase and works as expected, there is a slight delay compared to my other Wi-Fi enabled products.
Five Stars Works perfect! You just have to be patient when hooking it up.
Won't work if house doesn't have common wire I got the app. When we were about it set it up we noticed we don't have a common wire, and it needed one.
Easy install, pairing seamless, pain free and delivers as promised Very happy with my first of likely many wemo switches. I opted for wemo mainly because I am not quite ready to commit to a hub and have yet to decide how much I want to invest in home automation, so this felt like a good starting point. Installation was as easy as any other dimmer or light switch, and the instructions if needed were quite clear. After installing switch, getting on the wemo network, and opening the app, the setup and pairing to home network was a breeze, around 5 minutes and not a single hiccup. Added to my echo, and voice control was working first shot.The primary reason of purchase was to allow porch light based on time of day, or to be able to remotely turn on, which I now have capability to do.
Perfect! Perfect! Connected a fan to this, and using voice to control it. Works perfectly with these: Google Home, Home mini, and the Echo Dot
Right Size, Right Features -- Nice Smart Plug From Wemo! So far, so good -- it has worked without issues. I like the fact it works with my Amazon Echo (Alexa, turn on the Livingroom lights) and doesn't block the other outlet. Recommended.
Great light switch I can turn on the light before ... Great light switch I can turn on the light before I Enter the room and I won’t have to enter a dark room
Too BIG I did buy the Euro version but it is REALLY toooo big!! it doesn't fit in a dual socket so I returned to Fibaro and bought the new Homekit plugs (the cost a bit more) but happy now!
Easy to Set-Up and Connect to Wireless Devices & WiFi Love it! Already been recommending to co-workers & friends. Super easy to set-up and use. I already bought a second one to use in my bedroom!I purchased another brand of Smart Plug but it wasn't compatible with my WiFi service. And troubleshooting was a nightmare! After doing some research on AT&T.com, this was the plug recommended. Purchased it, arrived same day (thank you Amazon Prime), and had it connected in no time! I also like that it's the same width as my outlet, and isn't too bulky or noticeable! Also works great with my Amazon Echo!
Very convenient Awesomeness!! I pull up, press a button, and I’m never walking into a dark house again! Love the idea!!
it works great on it's own Set-up could be easier — way easier (don't even try connecting this if your SSI is set to be hidden. You'll have to 'un-hide' it for the initial connection then you can hide it again). But once it's connected, it works great on it's own, with the iOS app, and with Alexa.
Easy set up. Easy set up. Works very well.
A joy to turn the lights on via voice Installed smoothly and set up was straight forward. Instructions provided are crystal clear. I was able to get it set up to Amazon Echo (gen2) to turn on and off the switch via voice command. It has only been a few days since the install but so far the switch has functioned by manually toggling the switch, through the WeMo app, and through Alexa.Be sure you have enough space in your box and the wires required for it to function (requires the neutral wire).
works great at times Purchased a week ago, works great at times. Issues I have are it not working all the time through my Google home, it's hit or miss.
Great concept, some minor installation problems... I have installed the Wemo Light Switch as well as some of their dimmer devices throughout my home. All the switches except one are working like a dream.There is one Wemo Light Switch that refuses to connect to wifi even though the signal strength is 90%. Even after a reset on the switch and going through setup while standing 3ft away this switch claims I am too far away from it's wifi source to complete setup a 2nd time. I have a feeling there is a damaged wifi adapter in this light switch.So far the app is responsive, but I have yet to get Google Home to integrate sucessfully with the Wemo lights. I am still in progress of determining the problem in that regard.
Get the WEMO bridge to and it works great with So simple to install and use. Get the WEMO bridge to and it works great with Homekit
Those functions work wonderfully. As with the Wemo switches and plugs I have throughout my house, setup was quick and simple, and Alexa works seamlessly with it. If I was to knock anything, it would be the touch-dimmer doesn’t respond to quick slides. This doesn’t bother me much since the whole reason I have these are so I can control them by voice or phone. Those functions work wonderfully.
Well-designed device, supporting software works great and expands functionality Very excited to have this plug. I've been able to get a much better idea of how much power different components in my household are using. And the reporting/CSV export feature that WeMo offers is great. I can see trends over time and make adjustments as necessary.I wasn't sure about having a touch-sensitive switch at first, but now am glad I have it as where I have the switch makes it prone to bumping. A mechanical switch would've been triggered and shut off my device.
Migration to KRACK-firmware almost made me dump all my WeMo devices. I'm still sticking to my WeMo setup.. just not sure I'll invest more money in to the ecosystem. It's a great concept and remote control/timers is super convenient... WHEN IT WORKS.New users may want to second guess themselves before going "all-in" on an IOT device. I own 7 WeMo devices: 2 dimmers, 3 switch, 4 plugs. Belkin support website was not super helpful. Hope these tips below help you out.ISSUE 1: KRACK vulnerability firmware update-This wreaked COMPLETE havoc on my WeMo setup. This *almost* made me rip out all the plugs and devices. It made remote control unusable.-Plugs updated firmware across 2 weeks. I had to 'hard-reset' ALL DEVICES after each time update a single device updated.-When going through setup, repeatedly got the infamous "Password invalid" when connecting to WiFi. It is NOT you. You are typing in the password correctly. I tried both Android and iOS phones to setup my devices. The solution? Try again in a couple hours. Magic.ISSUE 2: Migrating to a new router and 'multicast nightmare'After the KRACK debacle I got my setup stable again. Then, I had to replace my router. I haven't figured out which was responsible, but I had to reboot my router almost daily:*HomeKit/AirPrint/Bonjour was usable for only an hour after a reboot*WeMo App would always show as 'Not Connected' when connected to same WiFi. Sometimes work if I use over LTE-only.How I Fixed:- Belkin says "Don't use same WiFi name. It's true, WeMo doesn't like same WiFi name from 2 different routers"- On Asus Router:--- Enable Enable IGMP Snooping for 2.4G and 5G wireless--- Optimized for XBox / BG Protection--- Set 2.4G 'Control Channel' to '11'ISSUE 3: One of Wemo Mini Smart Plugs have died after 4 months. I used it for a water kettle rated at 1000w. The Smart Plug is supposed to handle 1800w. Going to have to reach out to Belkin support.
It just works Simple setup. App works great. Haven't seen if there is an easy way to export the data yet.
Very Easy to Install and setup Very easy to install and setup with the app and Alexa took only 3-4 mins. Will probably buy more
It's working very well in 220v For those outside US who want to use this:- it's definitely working in 220v/50Hz as well as 120v/60Hz- the switching power supply inside the switch using: 13003 power transistor & 400v capacitors- the relay rating is 125v 15A / 220v 10A
Five Stars Great switch, elegant works amazing. Especially like the long press
Took forever to get it to work. Firmware wasn’t ... Took forever to get it to work. Firmware wasn’t working with it so had to update that before we could get it going.
Works great. Refurb Works great. Refurb, but came with all the hardware and everything needed. Easy install and set-up with the app. Will be buying more.
Wemo SmartHome Funatic!!!!! I started my experience with Wemo light switches 2 years ago starting with a closet. My Family is the worlds worst on cutting lights off. It worked so well with timer off features,that I purchased 5 additional light switches. A utility bill money saver!!!
Easy to setup Works well. Easy to install and setup.
Easy and clean Worked as expected, just make sure you are not trying to replace a 3 way switch as this does not handle that. Other than that, the app is easy to use and the install is stupid easy.
It works when it wants. You'll have connection then ... It works when it wants. You'll have connection then refresh and it's gone the next. I wouldn't rely on this system, very inconsistent.
b'Instructions are very fague at best. Simple installation should not require calling help desk ... Instructions are very fague at best. Simple installation should not require calling help desk to trouble shoot . 2 nd one I installed I should have taken notes when I called help desk the first time but I didn\xe2\x80\x99t ??'
Requires more time than it saves. Beware. These are terribly unreliable. I bought 5 of them. They worked for a while, then became glitchy. They would disconnect and a reset would be required. That means for each one, getting to the plug, holding it down, waiting for connection to wifi, typing email into app for each plug, etc. in total, each plug takes abt 7 mins to reset. That means ~35 mins each time they go down. And it happens frequently. I’ve spent more time with their customer support than some of my family members. Not worth it.
Excellent Switch Love this switch. Does everything I wanted it to do. Fantastic keep up the great work. Had a little issue with getting it through the Wi-Fi. But all is good.
Still love it though With Android it tends to reboot phone. Still love it though. Reboot less now. Will purchase for home.
What a disappointment! I can’t get Alexa connected to this plug. It has its own WiFi and won’t connect to Alexa’s, which is the the same as the rest of my home. What a disappointment!
Five Stars Easy set up. Works perfect!
Five Stars Easy to use with Amazon Alexa, or to schedule programs using the Wemo app.
Don’t work We bought 2 of them. As soon as the app updated, it no longer recognizes our WiFi. Both no longer work. A waste of money, as it didn’t update until AFTER the return time. Don’t buy this product if you have WiFi. I feel cheated
Too Finicky Wemo devices are too finicky. Hard to get connected. They disconnect if you sneeze to hard and are a pain to reconnect.
Simple to use So far so good
b"We like the functionality it provides like being able to control ... Upadate: I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if it\xe2\x80\x99s the replacement dimmer switch or a firmware update but now the lights that used to work with the old switch flicker intermittently when they are not set at the dimmest or brightest level. Wemo replaced the switch again for this problem but the replacement switch has the same problem. I can run through the bulb type setup and it dims and brightens without flickering for a while but eventually the lights end up flickering again. Wemo suggested that maybe the light fixture I\xe2\x80\x99m using is not compatible but if that was the case, I would have had the same problem from the beginning. This is why I suspect a firmware update might be the cause. Anyway, I have to change my rating to 1 Star \xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f.When we replaced our old fluorescent tube kitchen lights with LED lights we noticed how much brighter they are and figured we needed a dimmer. Since we already have a couple of other Wemo devices, we decided to get the Wemo dimmer switch for the kitchen.We like the functionality it provides like being able to control the lights via Alexa and the Wemo app. Also nice that we can set up the Away mode for when we go out of town instead of hooking up a light timer to a lamp or something. The whole Wemo concept is great except that you have to purchase a separate device to get them to work with Apple's Homekit system. It's also great as long as the devices can maintain a consistent connection to the Internet.Our dimmer switch worked fine for a couple of months until the Wemo app (both on iOS and Android devices) could not connect to the dimmer switch intermittently. There was no error light flashing on the switch and it could still be operated manually, it just wouldn't respond to Alexa or the Wemo app. This started to get worse and worse to the point that the Wemo app couldn't connect to the dimmer more often than it could. We knew there wasn't anything wrong with our WiFi or the Wemo app because the other two Wemo devices continued to work fine. After trying everything I could do on my end (reboot, reconnect WiFi, reset everything) I called Belkin support. After over an hour talking to their support rep, who had me repeat everything I had already tried multiple times, they finally decided the dimmer was defective and they are sending out a replacement. But I have to pay return shipping even though it's under warranty and clearly a defective device (knocking off a star on this review for that).Hoping this is just a fluke and the replacement switch will work longer than a couple of months."
They have been awesome! I integrated them with an amazon Echo dot I ordered 4 Wemo dimmer light switches after replacing all of our can light bulbs in our house with dimmable LEDs. The challenge which I knew ahead of time was my switches were 3-way and wemo specifically states they would not work with 3-way. I have done enough electrical work though to understand how three way switches work and how I could bypass the issue to make the switches work. I will give a brief explanation of this below.They have been awesome! I integrated them with an amazon Echo dot. I can tell Alexa to turn them on/off, adjust them to a percentage of brightness I desire, I even enabled the night mode so they all automatically dim to 10% at a time of my choosing. Really great!3-way switch specifics - first thing you have to do is determine the dominant switch and the satellite switch. For mine, one location I wanted to install was the dominant and the other location was a satellite switch. Wire wise, there is the typical ground (copper) wire, the white ground wires, 2 black wires, and a red wire. I disconnected the red wire and capped it off. This one is the transfer wire that connects the switches. I connected the two black wires using a cap in the unused switch. In the location of installation, you need to use a tester to determine the “hot” wire. Then wire them up according to the directions. Works like a charm. I just installed blank covers over the switches I was no longer using.Really happy with the setup and the product. Definitely recommend.
Four Stars Very easy to set up. Works with Alexa.
Love wemo and had no problem setting up and connecting ... Love wemo and had no problem setting up and connecting to my network. Especially after I set up a meeting network. However I don't think the programming of the times things turn on and off is user friendly. This could made to be easier. I don't like that part of the app..I also like the connectivity to Alexa. Pretty cool when I simply say turn on the holiday lights and everything comes on...
Functions as advertised Works great with fast delivery
Great product Love this switch!Not only can you set it on a schedule, you can remotely turn lights on and off from anywhere with your phoneI will be purchasing more for around the house!
unstable I have 2 of these. They worked fine until one of them starts to lose connection. I got a new one and now it's working fine. However the app/software does not allow you to remove the old one, which is frustrating because it's hogging the name "bedroom"
One Star Receive this in February 28 and stop working on April 2nd.My second wemo switch stop working two more months later, I'll never get another wemo products anymore!!!
multiple problems, does not support if you install few ... multiple problems, does not support if you install few in one location, does not support two houses, software crashes multiple times.
Bad unit, bad replacement unit, still not working to satisfaction Very dissatisfied. Have gone through 3 units with Belkin (Wemo) customer support. Connects when plugged in, stays online about 12-24 hours, then goes into unreachable state. Device must be power cycled before it is recognized again. Belkin (Wemo) support suggests Wi-fi router also needs to be power cycled. I am not about to get in the habit of power cycling my router each day just to get this device to work.I have other smarthome products in the same room (Alexa, Smart TV, Eufy bulbs, Leviton) and this unit is the only one that fails to work.I've moved the device in the same room as the router (<5 feet away) and the problem continued.
Five Stars Easy setup, works great!
Easy installation, easy use Easy to install and connect to the network (and then to Amazon Alexa). This was my second switch and both work just fine.
Very happy! Bought this for my porch light and i’m very happy with it. My porch light come at the time I set and goes off in the morning, I don’t have to remember to turn it on or off.
Love it for my garage lights Love it for my garage lights....now i can switch them from.inside the house! Hard to add the wemo app to my tablet and get it set up though....gave up and use it only on cell phone
Smart Plug that works. We own several Wemo plugs. The work great with Amazon Echo, are very simple to setup, and work without issue. Highly recommended.
Wemo works! Easy to set up! Received my Wemo Smart Plug through a drawing by my utility company. I’ve been wanting to integrate smart technology with my Google Home so I was excited to get started. As a Senior, I was not sure I’d be able to figure it out, but it was easy to set up and integrate! I then purchased 2 mini plugs so now I have 3 lights in my home that work via voice control and a timer. I love it! I do wish I’d bought all insight plugs because they provide energy consumption info, but I didn’t realize the difference when I ordered the mini plugs. Regardless, they all work great!
Four Stars These work well with led bulbs. Could be easier setup with voice activated products.
Dimming Functionality Not Acceptable I bought this to replace an existing Lutron dimmer that controls the lights in my media room. I was keen to get the remote capability and the Alexa integration.So far i've been modestly frustrated by the tendency of the device to lose it's connection with my network. The wifi signal is strong with the Netgear Orbi system being 15Ft away in the same room. This is inconvenient but tolerable.The piece that simply doesn't work for me is the dimming capability. With the lutron dimmer there was a seemingly infinite graduation of brightness available to me but most critically, the lutron would allow me to configure the bottom level brightness for the system.The Wemo on the other hand sets it's own minimum brightness threshold and the user can only configure this minimum level to be brighter, not dimmer. In my case this new baseline is much much brighter than what i had available with the lutron and it sets my media room lights at an unacceptably bright level for night time viewing.In checking with wemo they advised that this level of user configurability is not available and so i could add it to the list of feature requests in the forum.I was hoping to use this system in my child's room as well but again, the minimum brightness is too high for the night time lighting i was hoping to achieve.Alexa control is nice but robust and configurable dimming control seems like a must have basic. I will be returning this product and testing out the Lutron Caseta
Wemo home automation So far love the switches and is connectivity to my Alexa. This easy installation device works great, easy to install and provides me the opportunity to remotely access from anywhere.
Five Stars easy install
So annoying. I bought two. Only one worked. So annoying.
A must have for anyone starting with smart lighting!!!! This is one great product!!!! I am new to smart lighting and this is a great starter for anyone starting out. Setup was easy and painless!!! Highly recommended!! Might get a few more
Five Stars Like every WEMO product, this worked right out of the box as promised!
Two Stars Kasa is better
Piece of cake to use. Easy set up. Love it.
everything worked great. Tip I now have 6 Wemo light switches, 2 dimmers, and 2 plugs. All setup perfectly in Wemo app. Had some trouble connecting the dimmers to Alexa. I have 4 network choices to choose from (for various valid reasons). What I finally determined is that I needed to re-setup all devices on the same network (I had set them up over time and selected different networks...who knew...but you have to remember that these are two different manufacturers and the goal is to get them to talk with one another.)If you want the dimmers to work, they must all be using 2.4 GHz network (and not the 5 GHz). After I setup all devices on same 2.4 network and re-setup all of my Alexa devices on that same network, everything worked great. Tip: if you are prompted for a MAC address when connecting to Alexa, use the MAC address for the dimmer (in Wemo, Setup gear, Settings & About, Hardware Info)
Three Stars It won't turn back on if it was on when the power goes out.
Seems good so far I got two of these as a gift. They did not immediately connect to my WiFi like they were supposed to. However, I may have interrupted the login process the first time. I then restarted the WiFi process and it seemed to work. Almost immediately, the showed that there was a firmware update. Since owning them for three weeks (throughout March 2018), it seems that they have updated two or three more times.Some people have indicated some login problems when the power goes out or the router drops out. I have not had that problem. I even disconnected them and the router a couple time in order to test this issue. So far, no problems there. The iPhone app seems to work well and pairs easily with the Alexa app as well. I enjoy using my echos to turn on and off the lights. The schedule component of the app works intuitively and is easy to edit on the iPhone. I give it four stars because of the initial WiFi issue that cause a brief annoyance. Since this purchase, I bought the WEMO mini and like that one too.
Great Product Excellent product. I prefer this to any other Wemo product I have. This one set up intuitively and easily - unlike previous Wemos purchased. It works very well and I'm very happy. Functions perfectly.
NICE SMART SWITCH Pain to set up, but when set up and paired to Google Home work almost flawlessly. When they don't work not sure if it is google home failing or the switch itself. I just wait a few minutes and try again and will work then most times. Plenty of IFTTT apps that are used by this as well.
Five Stars very nice highly recommend
Buy Anything Else At first i was very excited to set up these swithes and activate them with my phone and alexa. They were troublesome to program, but i had them both up and running in only 3 hours. Heres the problem... i recently changed my wifi router and i have had nothing but problems ever since!! Yes, i reset both swithes to factory default settings, and they still give me a f******* headache every day!!Today, i set up three eWeLink switches in different rooms and they took barely one hour to set up and activate. Tomorrow I am thinking about smashing the two WEMO switches live on Facebook or YouTube. They are... HANDS DOWN.... The Worst product i have ever bought!!! I truly believe that i would have been better off if I had bought two monkeys, trained them, paid for their food and medical, AND send them to college to be space monkeys! P.O.S.Update: today i installed and programmed 4 Smart Life outlets. Plug in, program, and start using ALL FOUR in under 30 minutes. Unplugged them to simulate a power outage, plugged them in again and they were operational again in under a minute! When the wemo loses power, i sweat because there's a very good chance that i have to reprogram the darn things from scratch!! I'm so disappointed that i spent so much money on that crap wemo product.
Great product - Up and running in minutes!!! These things are great. I just returned some others I bought at a lower price but after hours of messing with them, never got them to work. I plugged these guys in and in 15 minutes had my phone, Alexa and Google home controlling my stuff. Honest, save time and trouble and pick these up!
ALEXA LOVES THEM If you have Alexa (Echo) and want to control lights or anything that plugs in... these are great. You have to install the WEMO App to install them and then the Alexa App can be used to discover them. Especially useful if you create a group called “All Lights” and then you can say Alexa, All Lights ON or OFF.
The WEMO switches work great! Not quite as intuitive as I would like ... The WEMO switches work great! Not quite as intuitive as I would like for setup. We needed to repeatly retest to get the 'away' mode settings to work correctly. Other than that, it fits our requirements very nicely!
Five Stars Works good
Easy to use. Easy to pair, easy to use. Simple to schedule and perfect for my needs.
Works inside a cabinet It work like I expected it to and grouping switches from Alexa works great.
Smart convienent and endless One of the best things that I’ve ever done is turn my home into a smart home. The convienence and possibilities are endless and amazing! Also, the actual quality of the Wemo products is very good. Thanks for making life great!
Smart convienient and endless One of the best things that I’ve ever done is turn my home into a smart home. The convienence and possibilities are endless and amazing! Also, the actual quality of the Wemo products is very good. Thanks for making life great!
Works great but the setup is buggy The device is great once it is set up, but the software has more bugs than I expected from such a large IoT company. I have many smart home devices and this one took much longer to set up than most. Even though I had the most up-to-date version of the app, I had to delete it and re-install it to get the switch to install. Not a great user experience. I still give it four stars though because I'm not sure that there are any alternatives with a better setup experience.
Worked great until the latest Wemo firmware update Worked great until the latest Wemo firmware update. I have 5 Wemo light switches and 1 Wemo insight plug and those still work fine, but the update knocked this plug out. I have done at least 10 hard resets to no avail. Very disappointing considering the price.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY life who needs the clapper when you can step to the 21st century and use your phone to turn the lights off! I LOVE it - there were many times I forgotten lights on or I came to a dark house or was all tucked in bed ...now those issues are distant memory. I hear you can sync them to Alexa etc but I havent gotten my ole self to go that high tech yet...
Works great with Google Home Works great with Google Home and has never failed to turn on when I'm away. I use the Wemo app to turn the lights on before I get home, it's had a couple of issues with connectivity being a bit slow but it works just fine for what I need.
love the fact that we can just walk in the ... love the fact that we can just walk in the house and ask Alexa to turn whatever lights on or off we wish.
Great Wifi dimmer switch This switch does what’s it’s supposed to do....it dims the lights! Very easy install and modern design. Overall, I couldn’t be more pleased.
Does not connect to net work. Customer service wants ... Does not connect to net work. Customer service wants me to send them a bunch of information to get it replaced. Shouldn't have to work to get brand new device replaced
Works well with the Android and iOS app. Programmed ... Works well with the Android and iOS app. Programmed it with IFTTT.com and that is working as well. The only thing that is a little hit or miss is the location based request via IFTTT to turn the lights on when I drive into the neighborhood.
Home safety and security! The perfect addition to converting my home into a smart home. An instant pleasure when coupled with Alexa on the the best WiFi System “Orbi”. I now have a safe home to boot
These little guys are actually super handy and worth the $30-$35 in my opinion It arrived on time and was exactly as described. These little guys are actually super handy and worth the $30-$35 in my opinion. It is NOT compatible with Nest in the way that most people think, just in case it's for that reason. Research more into it first. Still a great purchase though, I don't regret these at all, I have 3, and I have Nest too. The Den I widgets would not work on my older model Note 4, which was annoying, but works fine on my Note 8, so not their fault my phone was outdated haha.
easy app. Never had a problem Cell phone control of any device. Cheap, reliable, easy app.Never had a problem.
It’s alright I got this thing with my echo dot. It’s the only wemo we have in my house. We use Kasa for the other lights in the house and honestly I wish they had sent a Kasa. It has disconnected like 4 times now. So I’m gonna have to switch to Kasa.
Love it. Works well Love it. Works well. Control my Lamps remotely in Jamaica from the U.S . Highly recommended this product for IT savvy home owner
Control of your exterior lights at your fingertips. Great product , in control from the phone , anywhere. Brilliant !!!!
It's fun to mess with the kids. Switch works well and was easy to install. My kids didn't even realize I put it in. They were freaking out about the light going on and off with no one in the room. However, the price is a little steep and makes upgrading multiple switches cost prohibitive.
I'm very happy with it because I wanted to control my porch ... I just recently purchased the WeMo light switch and had a professional install it.I'm very happy with it because I wanted to control my porch lights and it works perfect!!! :-)https://www.amazon.com/Switch-enabled-Amazon-Google-Assistant/dp/B00DGEGJ02/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?s=lamps-light&ie=UTF8&qid=1522268740&sr=1-1-spons&keywords=wemo+light+switch&psc=1
Pretty good home automation, but setup can be mysterious I have two of these, and once I got them set up, they work pretty well. They are definitely an improvement over older home automation stuff, like X10. I use one in my office, and have my Amazon Echo set up to turn the lights on/off from voice commands. The other controls my porch light, allowing me to turn the light on from my phone, in my car.The two complaints I have are(1) The setup instructions for Android are very confusing (at least for my version of Android). They don't make it clear that you have to leave the app and go to your Android Settings, to force your WiFi to connect to the WeMo during setup. Also, the Help is in the app, itself, so you have to keep switching back and forth between the Help section and the part of the app where you do the setup - very awkward. Overall, I had to go through the setup several times, even on my second install, before I could get it to work. And it was never clear what I was doing wrong. Just keep trying until it suddenly starts working.(2) The WiFi seems to lose it connection at random times. I'll go to my phone to control the light, and it can't find it. A little later, it's back.
Pretty Reliable. Nice Feature Set. I have purchased a few of these switches because we have large furniture covering the switch and it was impossible to get to otherwise. Over all, I'm very pleased with them.Setup is pretty easy, but the app is a bit clunky.Alexa seems to work well with them as well, as long the skill is installed.Very infrequently Alexa has trouble finding them to turn them on or off. More frequently, but not very often, there's a longer delay than I would like turning on or off.
Five Stars Love it, just wished they made a 3-way switch
Five Stars Easy to install, clear instructions, and easy to configure with the rest of my home automation. Great product!
I can use my Amazon Echo to control my kitchen LED lights from the couch! I was able to install and connect to my home wi-fi. Now I can use my Amazon Echo to control my kitchen LED lights from the couch! The wife is happy so, yeah!
Five Stars very easy setup works well
Setup is a nightmare Setup of this plug is ridiculously bad. It takes many retries and on average an hour of simply redoing. If there were a credible alternative I would junk all of my Wemo plugs.
Works great So far. So good!
Four Stars Needs better instructions in the packet, otherwise great exoperience
Two Stars No way to know how much power is used
BUYER BEWARE! The timer never worked from day one. Tried to resolve it with tech support. Wasted 20 min of my life and it still didn't work. Also i think they can control the device remotely! Hard to explain but very creepy. I'll be going back to my old analog timer
Five Stars Works great with Amazon Echo.
Not the right choice for an old house. I had one of these as my first smart home device, it's been fine. The next one I just bought, I went to install. I have an old house and had a single wire for the live with no common or ground. Turns out, it won't work as a simple switch. It did power, but would cut out on each use. Also all the other WeMo devices in the house started to behave screwy. It's not the fault of the device, if you happen to read the instruction, which I did after 2 attempts to install and set up, it does say it will not work w/o 4 wires. So unless you have 4 wires in your old switch box (Live - Hot, Device to power, Neutral, and Ground) this isn't for you. My first purchase had 5 stars, and again it's not the device at fault, just my 60 year old house wiring. Been SmatrHoming for a few years now, this was the first snag and ended up reinstalling the other WeMo devices.
Easy installation and setup It works as advertised. Installation was very simple (and I am not the handiest person). Setup was quick once I downloaded the WEMO app.Works well with Alexa. Only wish they produced one that worked with a 3 way switch. Have only had it installed for a couple of days now, but it has functioned flawlessly. May get a couple more for other switches in the house
easy to use Very easy installation. very easy to set up with Alexa. some good programming options.
DO NOT BUY. PRODUCT IS A TRAINWRECK. Plugs work okay for a while, but every single time the app has pestered me about firmware updates, performing the updates has resulted in having to factory reset every plug individually, and set everything up, completely, from square one. Most recent update has resulted in a few bricked plugs. I cannot stress this enough: buy something else. These things are a disaster.
The installation was easy especially with their instructional online video Replaced the switch that controls my exterior lights with this Wemo light switch. The installation was easy especially with their instructional online video. The schedule function to setup rules to turn on/off devices can use fixed times or in relations to sunrise or sunset times. You can also control the switch with Alexa (echo dot).
The Wemo Switch is a great product without needing a Hub Wemo has improved their app and firmware year after year. The Wemo Switch is a great product without needing a Hub.
Turn lights on from anywhere! Great switch, little pricey, set up is a breeze. I like being able to turn my lights on when I want from anywhere!
Recommend the lightswitch The lightswitch is very easy to install yourself and works like a charm. I love it.
Four Stars It would help if there was a you tube posting on programming the switch.
Works great with Smart Things hub (Samsung) I’m using these with my Smart Things (Samsung) home automation system. The WiFi connection is much more reliable that the Z wave or Zigbee connection with my Smart Things hub. Easy to install on your system through the Wemo App, and once installed there, it’s easy to install them in Smart Things.
Love it This plug is awesome. Works well in the garage from the other side of the house (can turn off from my smartphone in bed). Love it
Great dimmer, looks nice Great dimmer, looks nice. Application gets some getting used to, as well as Alexa always saying "OK" after telling her to turn on or off lights, but overall I think it's an excellent product. Doubt I'll ever go back to turning on lights manually...
Great product. Nice being able to turn on and ... Great product. Nice being able to turn on and off lights and other things remotely with my phone. Great product. This is the second set I have purchased.
Easy to use automation Easy to install, has worked reliably, looking forward to integrating with Alexa
Work great just don’t like if some has my wifi password ... Work great just don’t like if some has my wifi password and a Wemo app that they can control all the Wemo Devices
Not worth the extra cost I like knowing how much energy a device is using. But the app provides minimal information. I suspect because I have it connected to a lamp using an LED bulb. To get real data you have to export the spreadsheet through email. That is cool too; but I would like some more real-time data including watts being used when the device is off and on. My bigger issue is that app only correctly shows the light on/off status half the time. I use the insight on my bedroom light. It comes on automatically at a certain time (that works great). I manually turn it off when I'm snug in bed. But half the time, the app shows the light off. I tap the off button, it changes to on and then I tap again to turn the light off. I don't think it is worth the extra money for this switch. You're better off with the new smart mini (is that what it is called?).
Works great and as expected. Installation was easy. Wemo setup through the app is always touch and go. This device was no different. Setup was quick once I realized the LED that provides connectivity status is also a button to push. That was not immediately evident to me from the included manual (which is cool), online guides or the app FAQ. The dimmer works great and as expected. The app controls are better than expected. The party piece is Night Mode, brightness level can be set to a lower level at a configurable time frame.
Do not buy Absolute garbage. It worked okay for a few weeks. Now it won't connect to the app. I've tried everything. I see that numerous others are having the same issues.
Great product Works great and I love using it with Homekit! Syncs almost immediately with compatible devices when you plug in.
Inexpensive and easy to install Easy to install. I installed 6 switches in less than an hour. You easy to setup and configure. I bought the bridge also and these light switches works great with Apple HomeKit.
Work great, but no 3 way switches Works great wish the had 3 way switches as will end up with mix to Wemo switches and tp-link for 3 ways.
Works great and looks good Works great and looks good. Wifi has been rock solid and trivial to give google assistant control of the lights. I have a mix of hue lights and wemo switches for different applications and google and ifttt are the glue that binds them all together. The app is a lot nicer than I would have thought and seems well done. My one and only critical comment is that when directly attached to the light switch wifi during set up you are given some choices on bulb types etc and then led to believe you can change it later in the app. This turns out to not be true and to make adjustments to the bulb type etc you need to set the switch up again after clearing it. Not a huge deal but worth noting. Overall I could not be happier.
I went with the best. Works flawlessly. After trying a cheaper brand that failed badly, I went with the best.
USELESS PLUG- deadweight Doesn't connect, tried several phones it is useless
But works great. It works. Lost connection one time so far. But works great.
Five Stars It works. Does lose connection, not very often. Seems like the latest software update from the app 'May' have fixed the issue..
Product worked great for just a few months and has since stopped ... Product worked great for just a few months and has since stopped working. I’ve rebooted the plug, reinstalled the app and yet still cannot connect to WiFi despite the smart plug being less than 15 feet from the router and in the same room. Seems others have similar issues. I have had no luck in hours of trying. Time to trash the smart plug and move to a different provider.
Love the device Aside from the obviouse features, I love using this to monitor electrical usage. I currently have it plugged into an air purifier. While I don’t really need the on/off features for that application, I enjoy moving it from device to device and seeing what kind of current draw various applicances have over the course of a month.
Awesome Long Press feature This is a great dimmer! My favorite feature so far is that you can program it to turn off other Wemo devices with a long button press. I set mine to turn off the deck light, living room, kitchen, office, and porch light when turning off the hallway. Easier than loading up the app to see what’s on and turning them off, or rattling every light off to Alexa. Brilliant feature. Works well with LED’s. I have a mix- match of 3 different LED bulbs in one fixture right now, and it’s still works just fine. Lights don’t drop out or flicker.
One Star Sold me a used switch. The front was badly burnt and the wires twisted and soldered
Work great for non-smart items. Works great for dumb lamps, and dumb fans, or anything dumb you don't want to run all day if you forget to turn it off. You can set a schedule, you can make rules, works with nest, and just about everything smart. I have 5 of these throughout my house.
Dimmer is really good. Best in wemo line of products. I like the dimmer very much but the app is stuck and it does not respond most of the time.
Miserable setup, worse configuration, spurious network usage This product is the epitome of an "Internet of Sh*t" device.Setup was abysmal, requiring constant fiddling with connecting to a dodgy local WiFi network. Post-setup, the mediocre phone app required an obtuse level of poking to add a single rule for a single device.Over the course of a month, the device downloaded over a gigabyte of data. From where? Who knows! It prompted me to segregate all my IoS devices into their own quarantined network.The worst flaw, however, presented itself when I changed WiFi SSIDs. This required a total wipe of the device -- which also wiped the rules.Couple this with the latest firmware, in which its dodgy internal WiFi dropped after 10 seconds, and I gave up. Did I ask for a refund? No, I just threw it in the trash, where it belongs.
WEMO really sucks (especially cameras) but we have used all of these ... Far too many firmware updates. Also every time the electricity flickers these devices need your attention. WEMO really sucks (especially cameras) but we have used all of these products at one location.... so rather than switching to something new that works better... we continue to work with WEMO. If you have to have everything wired up in your home or business please start with something else. These products are not stable, reliable nor are they really a good price for what you get. They are still in their infancy.
Awesome Product, Yucky Price! Love the product, HATE the price. But you do get what you pay for and Wemo plugs simply work - NEVER any issues; have almost a dozen of them. But ... would have 3 dozen if they were half the price.
Easy to install. Works well. Very easy to install for DIY guy and, it integrates easily with Amazon Echo. It took a couple of tries to find an appropriate name that Alexa would understand, but once that was done, it works as advertised.
This device works well operationally it does everything described on ... This device works well operationally it does everything described on the website. My only issue is that the specs on the website do not have enough details to make an informed decision. There needs to be more on the specs about the power handling capacity. Just give us the numbers please.
Be very confident of performing electrical work before attempting. Wemo light switch has performed perfectly. Installation can be trying due to the large volume takes up in the electrical work box especially if it is a dual or triple box with other switches there for more wires.
Firmware Update Bricks them. Belkin support not helpful. Avoid. Firmware update bricked all three I bought after 2 months. Tried every troubleshooting step provided by Belkin or from the community forums to no avail. The switches will not connect to my WIFI regardless of factory reset or any other typical IT support steps. Would not recommend a WEMO product to anyone I know.
Two Stars I’m not sure why this doesn’t work in my house. Even an electrician couldn’t make it work.
Mini disconnects constantly My Mini constantly goes into a mode where the light just blinks orange and it cannot be controlled via app or SmartThings. After talking to support, there is a way to fix the issue temporarily which includes steps such as "turn off the wifi on your phone and then open the app to reconnect the device". But it disconnects A LOT. To the point where I just don't use it at all.I've had an old style Wemo Switch and had none of these issues. I could yank it out of the socket and put it back in and it would reconnect. Wifi goes out, no problem. The Mini has just been constant problems. The only reason it isn't one star is that it worked for a period of time before it started this horrible cycle of disconnecting and it doesn't take up an obnoxious amount of space like the Switch.
Easy to install Easy to install. I also bought a wemo bridge to work with Apple HomeKit. Now all Wemos in my home are all connected.
Five Stars Awesome - I have several of these to control home lighting
a product that works in a smart home 100% of the time is awesome Wemo ALWAYS works when called on with Alexa - that is a big plus and why i gave it four stars......a product that works in a smart home 100% of the time is awesome! I don't like 2 things about this product though. The first is that the app in ios shows data points that i'd like to see (usage stats, etc..), but in real life... i don't see those, and the second is in the app itself - it is a bit confusing on the long press buttons and the other actions it can take. Although i could probably figure it out - on first read inside the app, not so great.
Nice Product Easy-to-install WEMO light switch performs scheduled on/off rules as programmed in the free WEMO mobile application. Quality product, I recommend this switch without reservation.
Easy Setup, Beautiful, Works flawlessly. I recently purchased 2 wemo dimmer switch. setup was easy enough to do by myself. after turning on the circuit breaker, it worked flawlessly. It looks really nice compare to the dimmer switch I had before. Connecting to my phone and setup was really easy too. I highly recommend everyone to get this.
Not happy with device so far installed and does not dim my dimmable light bulbs. Tried all support suggestions, called customer support. Very frustrating. They will return call in 24-48 hrs. Not happy with device so far. Only turns on and off
Works great! I had the outlet version, then got two single switches and just got two dimmers. All work perfectly so far.
smart homes works great with Echo and is easy to set up.
What I love the most is ease of use What I love the most is ease of use. I can control my light from anywhere. It is easy to setup and control. No more getting out of bed and checking to see if the light is still on. Set it and forget it! Home automation at it's best!
True Wifi, no hub required! Google home compatable! True Wifi, no Bluetooth to WiFi hub required! Google home compatable! Connected to Google home through the WeMo app and then... "hey Google, turn on the lamp" and the light is on!
Great switch, easy to install and set up Great switch, easy to install and set up. I set it up to come on and off at sunset and sunrise and it works perfectly.
Works great with phone but it said it connects to google ... Works great with phone but it said it connects to google home. There is no code to zinc it with in package or on product. Nothing in box so unable to use with voice activation
Otherwise - great product! I purchased 5 switches. So far they work as advertised. I put one star less from 5 because of initial setup instructions being not very comprehensive, as well as wiring diagram. Otherwise - great product!
Great Smart Home Product Easy to install. Works great through the app and through Alexa.
Perfect for dusk to dawn applications. Flawless setup
Very easy to setup This switch is Fantastic!It is very easy to set up with no problemsI will be buying more switches for my house
Very easy installation! Easy to install and works seamlessly with my Alexa and multiple iPads and iPhones! Great buy!
This switch is the best. I have it wired to my back yard ... This switch is the best .I have it wired to my back yard spot lights so when I go over to my friends house next door to have a cigar I can turn the lights on when I come home In the dark
Five Stars Works as advertised. Simple to install but keep in mind this switch requires a neutral wire to operate.
One Star This plug stopped worked after 2.5 months. I can not get it to work again.
Five Stars Ideal for connecting with my Google Home setup. Worked great
Nice I like the convenience of the app.
Amazing product, took a bit to get working had to change router security settings was simple but had to figure it out on my own LOVE IT. I had to change a few settings on my router to make it work, I had to enable some security setting with the password, like WPA2 or something and then BAM it popped up on the WeMo app and all went smooth sailing and I rely on it to control my garden every day and night; with no worries!!!!The app on android DRAINS your battery; but that is not talked about here really, and thats something the developers need to fix themselves for Android.
Don't need a contro box - just their app. Easy to install', easy to program after reading over the process and options a couple of times. I'll probably buy more in the future.
Good Great timer, easy to use. The only problem is if the WiFi goes out....
But once I was able to get it working all is good. Belkin Tech Support was very good Had trouble when I first installed it. Needed firmware update and multiple reboots. But once I was able to get it working all is good. Belkin Tech Support was very good.
Easy to set up and a joy to use Easy to set up and a joy to use! The most difficult part was pairing it with my Alexa. I love it and I m ordering more. "Alexa, turn my WEMO on !
GOOD PRODUCT Works well. I have 9 various Weno switches and they all work well. I really like the ability to group switches and establish on & off times for the group, including automatic sunrise/sunset time for outdoor porch lights!
App easy to use. Easy to install
Works great, reconnecting to Wi-Fi can be a Works great, reconnecting to Wi-Fi can be a pain
Three Stars I did not order this item and I have returned it.
You know, we know... WEMO. Wemo has been great, works with Google Home, Works with the WEMO app (although they update like every other day it seems) but works like I wished it would and has been a solid addition to home automation.
These are a major waste of time and money These are a major waste of time and money. Constantly losing connection and have to go thru the whole process of setting up from scratch every couple of days. Running a Asus Aimesh WiFi network set up and these are the only devices that I've had problems with. Does not work with Alexa, all you get is Wemo smart plugs are not responding. Save yourself the frustration and buy a different brand. Swithed over to the TP Link smart plugs and they work fine with no problems.
Unreliable - worked for a while and then could not ... Unreliable - worked for a while and then could not connect to my network.. very strange.. even after downloading recent firmware and re-installing.. similar issue with an older Wemo (not a mini).
Five Stars Easy to install. Works great.
Five Stars Works well once you get the software downloaded.
The switch wouldn't connect to Alexa. Spent hours on ... The switch wouldn't connect to Alexa. Spent hours on the phone to Belkin support but with no resolution. Looked online and this seems to be a huge and very well known issue
Four Stars Expensive but a nice switch. Easy to connect
Love it. I wish the app was better as ... Love it. I wish the app was better as far as being user friendly but once you set it you are ok.
Not happy it looses connection constantly
Well worth the money! works great!
A little pricier than basic alternatives but the extra features ... A little pricier than basic alternatives but the extra features are well worth the cost - monitoring use is very practical and the app itself has been flawless
Easy install, works like a charm. Install was straightforward and no more difficult than other light switches -- just make sure you have sufficient room in your electrical box as the switch is quite large. WiFi setup was equally as easy -- connect to the device, run the app and presto you're done. The switch has been working like a charm for both physical on/off and control through the app. After installing one you'll probably start looking around for where else you can install more...
Great product. Very easy to set up on IPhone and IPad. Works perfectly. However, we may burn out the light bulbs because we keep turning our lamp on and off, just because we CAN.Highly recommend.
Must buy! Love it. Works flawlessly!
Great product!!! Great product & it didn’t take too long to install.
No hub required, seamless Alexa integration Seamless integration with Alexa routine. Works alongside other Hue lights for the proper overall effect. I particularly like that it doesn't require another hub.
Five Stars Awesome!
Five Stars Item arrive timely and was just as described. Thank you
Unreliable So done with Wemo products. My switch and outlet were very easy to configure and add to Alexa. Worked great for maybe 2 weeks and then became very unreliable with Alexa. Tried all of the ridiculous work,around offered by Wemo support, still unreliable. Alexa frequently reports that device is unresponsive. Wemo app works fine, just not Alexa. Tried every solution on the Web, but none worked long term.
The one key thing to know is that it requires a Neutral wire to make this work so look at your switch ahead of time. The wiring took longer than the programming. Don’t get me wrong when I say that because the wiring took about 20 min realistically, including all safety steps, and mounting external covers with screws. Instructions were clear and provided all accessories like wire nuts to make the connections. The one key thing to know is that it requires a Neutral wire to make this work so look at your switch ahead of time. My existing switch had that white neutral wire but was not being used. The instructions warn to visit their website if you don’t see this wire. I don’t know what the solution is if it doesn’t have it, but wanted to make it aware to others to look ahead of time before buying. I didn’t and was lucky.Setting up the app I followed the instructions by doing any updates after the setup. Works flawlessly. The update takes about 4-5 minutes.
Five Stars It was very easy to set up and it works great.
First time install works fine. Impossible to reset. Once it works, it works fine. It’s incredibly difficult to reset a wemo switch - to change its location name to a new name. Installed first time ok. Had to move device, gave it new room name. Installed a different IoT device in first room - using the original name. No matter what I selected or reset, the old wemo device and name kept showing up as the original name - meaning Alexa then saw two devices with same name. Alexa does not work if two devices have same name. Suspect control apps remember Mac addresses, not names. Never got it to work in second room - had to move device to another location entirely, was then able to use it.
Continuous maintenance with this product I have several of these switches and they are continually frustrating. You can expect to spend hours a couple times a month troubleshooting, re-installing, updated firmware, app software, etc etc. When the switches are working, they are great. However, for no reason, they will stop working, and you're left with hours of troubleshooting. The more switches you install, the more complex the issues get. Continuous maintenance with this product.
The small size makes it perfect for what I needed it for This is my second WEMO, the first one was much larger which is why I bought this one . The small size makes it perfect for what I needed it for, Remote control of my brewing system. The interface works seamless, super easy to learn and set up (less than 5 minutes) and as long as you have internet service it works every time. Great product, highly reliable and recommended.
Not reliable. Not reliable. The unit remained on away mode, despite disabling the away mode. Thus, the plug turns on and off, even when I disabled the automatic timer. Also, the wifi connectivity is spotty, indicating no wife connection, despite the Wemo smart plug location 10 feet away from my wifi router.This unit is easy to setup. easy to connect to the wifi.
How you can operate the plug via wifi or a little light actived sensor on the plug. This is my second Insight plug. The first was a breeze to set up works like a charm. This one I had to call them because the instructions were not working out. I called the 800 number and they talked me thru it. One key thing we did was the reset button will not try to describe how we go it to go. The guy was patience but his accent was a problem. Anyway I will buy more WeMo products I like them. One feature is you can take a photo of the plug and have it for ID of the plug you would like to operate.
Great product Great product. I’ve been experimenting with various smart home devices, and this was one of the more seamless installations. The back of the switch is pretty big, so if you’re installing it in a crowded box, you might have your work cut out for you. Otherwise, set up is pretty easy. The app is user friendly, so easy to set up a schedule. Even has a “dusk to dawn” feature. Also pairs easily with Alexa, although I haven’t used that capability very much.
Works great with no problems. No hub required. Replaced 2 Leviton wifi dimmers with these after problems with the Levitons randomly turning themselves back on when turning off.Easy install and setup. No problems at all.Bonus- they look nicer too.I'll be buying more of these in the future.
easy to setup Works well, easy to setup.
Go to the garbage can, get something from there Go to the garbage can, get something from there. Do you want to buy this? No? Then you should not buy this switch! Because in two months it will be in the garbage can! I bought 4 and in 2 months they all stopped connecting to my network. Now it's in the garbage can. Save your money!
Had some initial problems with the setup. I simply ... Had some initial problems with the setup. I simply reset everything and started over. Second setup went well, unit is working. I will update rating and review in a few months.
Working with Alexa Greatest switch ever, works great with Alexa as well as my phone. Just wish it was dual for our fan as well.
This switch works great with the Wemo application but Alexa can also control ... This switch works great with the Wemo application but Alexa can also control it which is awesome when you don't want to fiddle with your phone. Great purchase!
Easy to install without any prior electrical experience Easy to install without any prior electrical experience. Works exactly as advertised and has a nice feel to it when turning on and off. I wish that it would work on lights that operate off two switches so I could get more of them.
This thing works great, I love how you can customize the on ... This thing works great, I love how you can customize the on and off settings and the price was cheapest around!
Good Product Works as advertised.
Great product and works very well with the Amazon Dot As the song goes, 'Lovin' every minute of it'. Great product and works very well with the Amazon Dot.
I love it. I never have to worry again about ... I love it. I never have to worry again about leaving the house for vacation and forgetting to put lights on in the house to make it look like someone is home
Fantastic product, I will probably buy a few more ... Fantastic product, I will probably buy a few more of these switches in the next weeks.
Integration Had a bit of trouble getting it to recognise the home WiFi network from my Zuk2, but worked fine from my Samsung S6.Works well, I like the way the app can control my nest and integrate with Amazon Echo & IFTTT
This product works great. A bit of a challenge installing the dimmer ... This product works great. A bit of a challenge installing the dimmer in the wall (support unable to offer electrical advice), but once installed it worked flawlessly!! Up and running in minutes. Highly recommend this product!
Five Stars Very nice switch, works well with the Echo device
Five Stars Excellent product !!
One Star Product would not connect to internet and there are no troubleshooting steps or support for this issue anywhere.
Great product Use this with our Google home and have had no issues. Very easy to use and set up. Great product.
It was super easy to set up on the phone We had a double light switch and just needed to automate one. My husband removed the double cover and only replaced one of the swiches withe the Wemo one. He replaced the double cover and we got exactly what we wanted. It was super easy to set up on the phone. No more nagging the family to turn off the kitchen light.
I love it. Very simple to use and it does ... I use this for my living room lamp. I love it. Very simple to use and it does it's job well. Even when I'm not at home.It does have options for scheduling switches, however I've not used that and probably won't but it is there.The only problem I've had is that it does not work with Cortana. I was really wanting (as lazy as this sounds :) ) to be able to tell Cortana to turn my lights on and off. That's my own fault though for not checking comparability. It's also not a deal breaker.
Connection lost While the Wemo mini Smart plug is fairly easy to set up, within only a few hours the connection would get lost. I tried getting help from Wemo customer support but never heard back. All in all a complete fail.
I love getting the detail reports of how much energy my ... When it works, I love getting the detail reports of how much energy my electric car uses. But it loses it's Wi-Fi connection way too often, that I've given up on it and I haven't received reports in over 6 months. It's more of a hassle than it's worth at this point.
These things are terrible. I have one at my house that I ... These things are terrible. I have one at my house that I have been able to get to work but have two others that I cannot get to connect. I tried with my phone and it wouldn't work, so I tried it with my tablet. Worked good for a while but when I had to unplug it the connection was lost and now I cannot get it to reconnect! So frustrating!
I am pleased, I will buy is as advertised and on time, I am pleased, I will buy more
Five Stars After I got it programmed with the assistance of WEMO, it works perfectly. Definitely recommend
The design is really nice and the app was okay (although linking it to ... Placed the switch 17 feet from the router (an Asus AC1900 router) and it could not stay connected. The design is really nice and the app was okay (although linking it to Wifi and then trying to link it to Google Home was odd and clunky). Returned.
Five Stars Works as promised!
Short lived Of three outlets purchased only one has lasted over six months.
I really like the dimmer switch I really like the dimmer switch. It works well with Alexa and there are more functionalities available via WeMo app.
Five Stars Excellent product
Five Stars This thing rocks. Buy two!
Being able to dim them and have the lights automatically adjust the time they come on to the sun going down is amazing. I never have to deal with the switch ... We've always had our front lights on a timer but they were too bright. Being able to dim them and have the lights automatically adjust the time they come on to the sun going down is amazing. I never have to deal with the switch again which is great!
Easy to use App Easy to install. The directions are not exactly clear on how to enable and program the wifi. Unfortunately it only comes in white, so if you have almond outlets, it sticks out like a sore thumb. WEMO could use to make it in almond color. Once its programmed, the app is great. very simple to set rules and control the light. It is not compatible with a 3 way switch. You also have to use your old hardware screws since the WEMO switch does not come with any hardware. If installing in the middle of a multi switch plate, you will need to pgrade your other switches to the rectangular type of switch.
Easy to Install, Set it and Forget It Super easy to use. Set it and forget it. My patio light now comes on at sunset, goes off at dawn and we're not wasting energy from leaving it on all day. The installation was easy, video was super helpful. App set up on my Android phone was very easy, too. Alexa enabled was icing on the cake. Make sure the spot in your home where you install has an adequate wifi signal (directions guide you on how). Because of where my router is located in relation to the Wemo I had to get an inexpensive, wall outlet wifi extender.
Will not connect. Super disappointed with this plug. I can't get the plug to connect, it is the only smart plug I have had a problem with. All my other plugs work properly. Unfortunately I waited to long to use it and have passed the time for a return or I would be returning it.
I have a number of TP-Link plugs and they work fine. Could not connect to WiFi. Telephone support took "forever" as the support person didn't know how to fix and put me on hold to find out. Got tired of waiting and hung up. I have a number of TP-Link plugs and they work fine.
Five Stars A++++
Awesome product. I now have four light switches and ... Awesome product. I now have four light switches and one Wemo plug. I love the way you can intermix the timers between all of them and make up you own rules. Works really well with the iphone app and Google Home. I'm now considering buying two mini plugs as I have a couple more applications.
The light switches are easy to install as well I have 8 of these in the house now. You can schedule your lights to come on randomly when your not home. The light switches are easy to install as well, just 4 wires.
Works as advertised Good and stable light switch.
Five Stars Great product.
Works great :-) This switch works well with Amazon’s Echo Dot. Every once in a while there is a communication glitch but it’s most likely Alexa and not the switch. Also, the directions say it doesn’t work without a common ground but I had one switch I wanted to use it for but there was no common ground. I installed it anyway using the white lead on the regular ground and not connecting the green ground at all. It seems to be working just fine. I’d buy the same switch again.
Requires a neutral wire, it is only for a two way switch, and is compatible with a smart hub or echo plus Pretty quick to install, looks nice on the wall.
Light switch works perfectly and allows connection to Alexa by ... Light switch works perfectly and allows connection to Alexa by the switch as well as WEMO linked light bulbs. I have patio and porch lights both turn on at sunset and off at sunrise.
Overall good Overall I like it the plug is extremely large and does not "hide" well. Works very well. The app sometimes has to be reloaded on my phone to keep everything working correctly
I guarantee you’ll Wemo products!!! I love this Wi-Fi dimmer switch!It installed in minutes, and link to my network instantly.I called support to see if I could connect the switch to my Apple Home Kit. I got a representative immediately, and was extremely pleased with the way I was treated and his knowledge.I like it so much I’m installing Wemo Wi-Fi switches in all my rooms. Now, when my wife leaves the lights on, I can turn them off from anywhere in the world.
Absolute junk. Constantly drops connection and way overpriced. Much better solutions are now availabe and for a fraction of the cost..
superb works great!!
Terrible connectivity Had a hard time getting it to find my Wifi signal from my router or my range extender and when it did find it, it refused to connect to either one, i did plenty troubleshooting to it and my router as well, which i shouldn't even have to, since i have zero issues with all devices connected. well time on to another brand!
Five Stars Works great! Especially now with Apple's Home Kit.
The WEMO Light switch is awesome. The WEMO Light switch is awesome. I replaced a hard to reach, rarely used light switch with the WEMO light switch. Now when my wife is coming home late I can schedule the lights to be on when she arrives. With addition of my Echo this WEMO switch has become one of the most used in the home. Thank you WEMO for your great product.
Not Quite What It Should Be When this light switch works, it's great. When it doesn't work, you may wonder why you ever bothered in the first place.My story: I bought a house that had five of these switches installed, but the front door light has a rule that the old owner established that cannot be deleted. What this means is that when I turn on my front door light, the SOB will automatically turn off every 10 minutes. Not fun when you're expecting company at night.Here is Wemo's support model: keep you in a never ending loop of troubleshooting until you get frustrated and go away. They'll never stop trying something, but they also don't have the know-how to fix an actual issue that isn't a simple one.I could go on and on about the issues (devices disappearing in the app, etc.) but I'm going to keep it short and simple - if you have time to kill, go ahead and buy a Wemo light switch. If you want something that works perfectly, go elsewhere. The hardware is good, the software is not.
Easy to set up, works great. It’s fantastic. I set it up in about 5 miniutes. We have a light that is difficult to turn on especially for my 80 year old mother. It’s just not in a convenient spot to get to. Now we turn it on or off on our phones, or with Alexa. Even my mother can do it with Alexa. It’s wonderful. It’s a torchier, so a smart light bulb wouldn’t work. This just makes life a lot easier. We use iPhones and have 2 echo dots. Not expensive and works great. I will probably add more as I identify needs.
Easy to connect and get going I have had the WeMo Mini for a few days, so far it has lived up to expectations. Easy to connect and get going.
Only works half of the time. Junk. works 50% of the time. Updated the firmware, reset the Wemos twice, and it's a coin toss if Alexa is actually going to turn the light on, or if she'll respond with "[DEVICE] isn't responding."Switched to the TP-Link devices. They're $5 cheaper and work 100% of the time.
Works great This is my fourth wemo device and once you set them up they are great
Five Stars Easy install and app connect
Great switch!! I’m very pleased with my Wemo switch!! Does exactly what I expected! Good packaging, instructions, and looks nice. Integrates with Alexa like a breeze.
easy as 1 2 3 easy set up great app and works with alexa.
Works like a charm Works like a charm. I use this with my Alexa and with the Wemo app. Nice to come home and have a light on. Jerry the cat also seems to like not being left in the dark.
The product works great and is easy to setup The product works great and is easy to setup. The app is functional and it works seamlessly with my Echo. Love the energy use feature.
Works perfectly fine Works perfectly as expected. Easy to install. Best purchase ever.
Four Stars Good but can be a little difficult to get set up.
Not compatible Bought this and installed it. It looks great, but it wasn't compatible with my lights. I didn't know that was an issue with these. My lights wouldn't dim all the way and they would flicker. They have a really short compatiblity list so make sure to check it.
Absolutely love this! It works exactly as it should I ... Absolutely love this! It works exactly as it should I use it for my front lights. I like coming home to the lights on and this ensures that they are. Just amazing stable product!
Switch fine, but remote access and scheduling frequently not available ... App doesn’t work a lot of the time. Switch fine, but remote access and scheduling frequently not available due to problems with the app.
Five Stars Works like a charm. We're glad we purchased it.
Five Stars Hate writing reviews.. works well.. no issues
Five Stars Highly recommended.
Works great when new, but 4 units all quit in about 5 months... Beware... So I have 4 of these and they programmed easy the first time and then all of them stopped working so I attempted to just reconnect them to the APP - WOW - not so easy... So I called tech support which is in some distant land and after about 30 minutes of answering 100 questions like my favorite color etc I got fed up and hung up. Great product when it works but when it stops just throw them away as it is impossible to reset and reconnect them.
Great but this one :). This is the smart plug to buy hands down, I have tried others and they simply do not work that well. I bought wemo, TP-Link which uses the Kasa app, and Iselector with uses Jinvoo app (don't waste your money on this one). Of all the Wemo is the best shape, size and performance! I highly recommend it. I visit my daughter and it's comforting to know I don't have to worry as I simply set it to away mode and once you tell it how you want it to function it's carefree. You can "program" it to start several minutes before sundown and shut of several minutes after sunrise and it uses an algorithm to turn the light on and off as if you are home, sweet :).
We replaced over 40 switches and can be happier. Also purchase HomeKit bridge which was released couple ... We replaced over 40 switches and can be happier. Also purchase HomeKit bridge which was released couple of months ago.
Best? The product descriptions I am very unhappy with Wemo products. Best? The product descriptions. Worst? The performance - totally unreliable, and they don't up to the descriptions or real world situations. I have mini-plugs that just go off into the nether-regions, never to be recovered. I try to turn a plug of/off, and Alexa responds that the Wemo app is not available. I bought 5 of the switches and I really am afraid of what they are going to do to me - just about to install them. - - Plugs I haven't had problems with yet are Etekcity and Sonoff - installation app easy to navigate (mostly, with some experience with other such apps,) AND they are both less than half the price of Wemo plugs. A N D! the Etekcity plugs return to the state they were in after a power failure!!!! I run the Echo 2 plus, and dot 2 slaves, with Philips hue (with hub), Sonoff plugs where state after failure doesn't matter, and Etekcity plugs (less than 7 anp load) where thing are important. Noooo problems. Wemo needs to get it's act together.
Five Stars Fixes a lot of hook-ups.
Switch does not connect to wifi. Impossible to call ... Switch does not connect to wifi. Impossible to call the company. They are no help. The WeMo switch is garbage
and absolutely love it. You set it up through the Wemo ... Got one as a gift, and absolutely love it. You set it up through the Wemo app, then tie it into Google Assistant. The light goes on/off when I have it scheduled, but I can also tell assistant to turn it on. Absolutely fantastic!
Nice! so nice to be able to turn the lights on before I open the door.
... flicker after 3 months total junk buy the Leviton smart switch 100% better Lights flicker after 3 months total junk buy the Leviton smart switch 100% better
Five Stars I use it every month through out the year for controlling my outside lights.
Four Stars Good product, I have a little connectivity issue at the beginning
Five Stars Love it! It's easy to install although the instructions could use a little bit more info/ details.
They work! Hassle free. A smart switch that works.
Nice switch but very tight fit The dimmer works great and the install is fairly straightforward. I like the abilities of the WeMo app to set up rules as well as the long press function customization on the dimmer switches. However, because of the depth of the dimmer and the way these install, it is an extremely tight fit in the gang box. The 4 wires off the back of the dimmer have to be connected to your existing wiring with wire nuts. Between the extra wire and the wire nuts, you really have to jam the wiring into the back of the box to get the switch to fit correctly. I question how safe this really is. It would also be nice if these worked on 3 and 4 way configurations with multiple switches.
WiFi setup can be problematic. Product works as described allowing for scheduling of on off eventsInitial setup was problematic due to lack of detail around setting WiFi. Best advice for future buyers is to select don’t remember wifi on the mobile app. Device can’t access 5GHz networks like N or AC.The first time I set up the WiFi on my device it lost connectivity within 30 minutes. Had to reset and redo the WiFi settings. Second time seems to have been successful.
All work great. I have three that control my carport and security flood lights. All work great.
One Star Never could get it to connect correctly
Worst nightmare. Worst product ever. If you have a customer router like Asus Merlin, don't bother with this piece of garbage. I got it from Costco but think everyone should know.
Five Stars easy install. easy to program.
Install, timer function and Alexa Easy to install and the timer function is great those who forget to turn off closet or garage lights. Paired with Alexa to turn off all lights instead of walking from switch to switch.
Wemo works, even after a huge move. The Wemo worked great in our first house. We moved, Wemo did not work. Went through the info, found a link for upgrading the hardware on Wemo. Took a while, but now Wemo is working superbly. 5 stars Wemo!!
burned my living room lights out, burned my living room lights out, not sure if it was old wiring or the dimmer fault but i just purchased some new wires to run it to my light and seems to be ok for now
Love my Wemo switches Love my Wemo switches! I just wish I could control switches at my vacation home on the same account. Great for running fans and dehumidifiers from remote locations. Also need to make my nest and Wemo see the humidity so they turn on automatically.
I installed 3 of the switches and 4 of the smart plugs. Some interference with some devices with static ... Works quite well. I installed 3 of the switches and 4 of the smart plugs. Some interference with some devices with static IP addresses on my network, however, which I am trying to resolve.
Great Smart Plug Works as advertised. I have mine connected to a small table lamp. It was easy to setup with the echo dot using the Wemo App. I don't think I've every had a problem with the plug disconnecting or not responding.
Huge blemish on the Belkin brand. Bad SW implementation -- basic things missed from setup to operation Avoid this product. New respect for so called "Cheap Chinese" brands, they work better than this at less than half the price. My list of problems** WiFi setup is horrible. Even after disabling all 5G networks, and sitting in front of the router, it took several tries and just before I gave up, finally worked. I setup more than 10 smart devices from 3 other vendors and while they all wanted 2.4GHz networks, they just worked even in my mixed 2.4/5Ghz setup with same SSID. And some of them had to be at the fringe of my 2.4 GHz network reach (other end of the house on a different floor)** The Wemo App can get out of sync with the state of the switch on startup. Restart a couple times to get into sync. If you are not in same room where you can see the status light, then you are never sure what the app is telling you** IFTTT connection via google does not work. This has to be the most used method and recommended by IFTTT. Works with Smart Life, Leviton, pretty much all else** IFTTT triggers (do something when device is turned on or off) can take an eternity. Minimum I saw was 55 seconds. I have 3 other manufactures (switches and outlets) and their lag time is less than a second and IFTTT says that those devices usually run in a "few seconds". For the Wemo plug, IFTTT expects it to "runs usually within hour". I am doing this in the wee hours of the morning, so response times could be worse during peak times.I did not try the other features like Alexa or Google Home integration and I have every expectation that it will be poor. They check-marked all the marketing points but implementation is incredibly bad.The basic outlet works if you can get past the WiFi Setup and keep the app on all time time and not try features like IFTTT
Five Stars should have purchased more of them
The Wemo/Belkin light switch is great. Very easy to install and the app is ... The Wemo/Belkin light switch is great. Very easy to install and the app is easy to follow for set up with your WiFi. I’ll be purchasing more for my home.
Unreliable I bought it as I travel a lot and wanted to be able to use it in a security set up. 2 our 8 times the app says it can’t detect the device. So you have to delete the app, reboot the device and reinstall the app, but this can only be done from home. I am giving it one more try and then I will look for something more reliable
Simple and Powerful Power Management. Love these. I bought two. The setup went just like the directions and I was able to connect it to my Nest with no issues. I love the fact I can control them manually and set schedules. Plus the fact that they don't block the other outlet is great. I think I will be buying more from Wemo.
These are great. Wish I could have on for every electronic ... These are great. Wish I could have on for every electronic item we own.
Need to Have Neutral Wire Not able to install in my home. None of my switches have a neutral wire. Very disappointing .
they're great when they work Once you get past the buggy setup software, they're great when they work.Though one out of four purchased wouldn't even connect to wifi. Evidently their hardware is buggy, too.
Perfect so far little pricey but works like a charm either with the app or with Alexa...
Works well. Works well. Installation was straightforward. Be aware that if you plan on installing it on a 3-way switch, you'll need a Wemo on each switch.
Works great, easy to install if you know how to ... Works great, easy to install if you know how to handle replacing a switch or an outlet. Which isn't to hard if you look it up on youtube or search it on Google. The instructions that come with it are also very helpful. Just be sure to shut of the power going to the switch and then test to make sure it is truly off.
App is excellent, worked first time Works flawlessly! App is excellent, worked first time. Control ANYTHING 120 VAC (50/60 hz) from your phone ANYWHERE. App has a scheduling feature too so things can turn on or off from your phone automatically. Do this, it's worth it!
Need additional functionality Wish they built this switch to be 3-pole compatible
Saved my marriage My husband was always complaining about me leaving the lights on in my office. Nag, nag, nag. Now, instead of walking the 15 feet to turn them off himself, he can leave his butt planted on the couch and turn them off with his cell phone. Installing this switch couldn't be easier. The hardest part was figuring out how to get the wires out of the original switch. It works perfectly and if we are particularly lazy, we don't even have to lift our arms to use our cell phone. We simply yell Alexa, turn off the office light and she does it for us. The only negative is now we are going to gain tons of weight we are going to gain from the lack of movement necessary to do simple tasks such as turning off the lights.
Power At Your Fingertip This smart plug is great for those who do not have smart home devices. I use this for my living room lamp and turn it on before I get home so I don’t stumble into a pitch dark home. The app is so simple, it is literally an on/off button.
All in with Wemo! I purchased six Wemo dimmers and installed five the same day that I received them (photo shows master bedroom installation). The installation process was not complicated. However, it was a little frustrating trying to fit all of the wires and dimmer into the wall box. It was a very tight fit whether dealing with a single switch box or multi-switch one. But all's well that ends well. After installing, I was able to add each dimmer to my Wemo and Alexa apps without issue. So far, they have functioned as advertised... which is pretty cool! The dimmers complete my Wemo collection. I also have two Wemo light switches that control the exterior lights and two Wemo mini smart plugs that control a few lamps. It would be super if Wemo introduced a solution for 3-way switches. But I'm very satisfied with what I have today.
Five Stars Wemo product works well and I would buy again
Easy set up! Love this product! I am surprised at how it works! I had a light fixture that uses led and I couldn’t switch out the light bulbs, this is the perfect product to automate it. Easy to set up after installation!
Four Stars Over Priced
The ease of installation and connection. Very impressive! Very easy to install, and simple to connect. I would highly recommend.
Continually says not connected I use my wemo plug with the wemo app. It constantly says not detected and I cannot operate the plug with my iPhone. I have to reach under the table, unplug it, plug it back in, wait a bit before it reboots and reconnects before I’m able to operate it through the app. I do not know it’s effectiveness with Alexa.
Do Not Buy Garbage. I have numerous Nest and Philips Hue prosucts in my house, all of which work seemlessly and consistently with both my Apple phone and my Amazon Alexa. Getting this switch to work—let alone consistently—is an unrewarding chore. I wish I had saved the box to get my money back.
Would not recommend! Size was good as it did not take up two outlets. But does not last long Two units Died within 3 and 4 months!
Easy and works great!! Easy install, works perfect!! Like it so much I bought a second one.
Set it and go; just don’t disconnect your wifi Once you get it setup it’s great. Syncs with your wifi so you can enable sunset and sunrise time settings automatically. But they aren’t easy to setup if you lose the internet connection. Good news is their support phone line is great.
Works with 220v  I can confirm that it works on 220v in argentina. The Alexa skill doesn’t work at all. I will be buying the homekit bridge to use it with the HomePod. Wemo dimmer works with home assistant. So it work with Alexa flawless.
Five Stars Easy install worked right away. Just make sure you have a neutral wire.
One Star Stopped working after the first time.
Works as promised, would buy again Excellent product, works as promised. Its WIFI Complies with WPA2 Standard.
A good Buy Bought this for my mother to hook to her bedside lamp to use with her echo.dont it was easy to connect set up was a breeze and the first time she said Alexa turn on the light and it came on you to thought she saw the moon landing this is pretty simplistic and idiot proof give a shot in the price is right too
Works great. Only gave it 4 stars because the first ... Works great. Only gave it 4 stars because the first unit I received was a re-packaged return that was defective. The new replacement unit works perfectly.
Five Stars Awesome, have six on different settings for fish tank, grow lights for plants entries.
I'm sure it would've worked well, unfortunately I didn't ... I'm sure it would've worked well, unfortunately I didn't read the description clearly. I didn't have a neutral wire, and couldn't use it. I had to return.
Great product! I am really happy about taking the ... Great product! I am really happy about taking the chance and trying this one out. I like the idea that you can use the switch manually and also remotely (google home, phone app). Just wish there was a 3 way so I can use this in the rest of the house.
Dead. Dead on arrival. I hired an electrician to install the switch and he couldn't get it to work.
Pretty easy to set up and use with Alexa Took about 10 minutes to set up the first outlet and about 5 minutes for the other two. They work like a charm with Alexa.
One Star only lasted a year!
Updating Firmware can be a headache with very little support from WeMo. Initially worked exactly as expected. I was very happy. However, I noticed that firmware needed to be updated. This is where the problems started. When I applied a firmware update it appeared to work, but did not actually update anything. I reset and reinstalled several times and created a new problem where I could no longer remotely control the device. Finally, after repeating this process over a dozen times (seriously) I finally got one firmware update to actually apply and was again able to remotely control. However, I believe that there are additional firmware updates, but I am not being prompted. Now, I have to worry that even if another firmware update becomes available, will I need to go through that whole ordeal again!!?The other thing I found puzzling is that the Insight has a mini port. But for some strange reason, I can't use it to apply patches. What the heck is that port for?I would have rated this product five stars if they provided better support. But laboring through this process revealed that support is limited and there are a lot of other people experiencing this type of issue with little to no help. Even a FAQ that indicated what the current firmware version was, would be helpful.
Five Stars This is in my kitchen and it is the greatest thing since sliced bread !!!
It is so amazing.. It is so amazing....it is great for me because I always leave on that dang living room light. But now it is on a timer and I can also check the cost....sweet.
Five Stars The best!
Great product. Easy to setup and works great Great product. Easy to setup and works great. Documentation is very understandable.
It works most of the time with Google Home. ... It works most of the time with Google Home. There's a slight delay with the Wemo compared to other linked devices. If the Wemo is labelled as a light, then it is recognized as a light along with my Hue lights.
Two Stars Could not get it to connect to WiFi.
Five Stars Great product
Five Stars The ease of installation.
Two Stars Still can’t get it to connect- bought it for Christmas tree
Five Stars Worked great!
... and off with my google home but everything works great. responds well Its a bit slow to turn on and off with my google home but everything works great. responds well, turns on and off when I need it too. great product I only wish they would make a 3-way model.
Very good dimmer switch Easy to set up, easy to use with Alexa. Very good dimmer just make sure you check the LED compatibility list before you buy bulbs. Does not work with every dimmable LED bulb. Also kind of pricey so wait for this to go on sale. Happens often.
Set up was quick and easy. So I bought my twelfth Wemo switch, this time it's the, Mini Smart Plug, to automate the LED uplights in the kitchen. I have to say that set up was as straight forward as my other 11 and works as advertised.
Does not work after just 3 months I am throwing this wemo away because it has stopped working. I tried to use it for my curling iron, but my iron shuts off intermittently while in use.
Easy to use with Alexa Using this outside near pool in a waterproof outlet box to control our bistro lights that zig zag over the pool. It nice to have Alexa dim lights for you.
Requires multiple phones if you want to install on multiple wifi networks. These smart plugs generally work well if you only ever want to install them on a single wifi network. If you would like to install them on separate wifi networks, you will need to use separate mobile apps running on separate/distinct mobile phones, one for each network. This was a deal-breaker for me. I have a single phone and did not want to purchase a second one just to install the wifi plug on a different wifi network. Hence, I returned the product after an hour discussing the situation with WeMo's chat support, who failed to grasp the essence of my configuration and led me on a series of ineffective suggestions until acknowledging the multi-network limitation.
Returned Because The Setup Would Not Work I'm a professional software developer and have set up dozens of smart home devices, this product simply did not work for me after trying for 3 hours to set it up. There are hundreds of comments on Amazon and in online forums talking about bugs with this product and the app used to set it up. It doesn't make sense to buy this and waste your time, especially when this many people have seen that this product does not work as expected.I'm honestly not sure how this is still rated as 4 stars on Amazon. I tried setting this up 15-20 times, tried different outlets, resetting the outlet most times, and trying to figure out any bugs that might be occurring. I consider myself close to an expert with technology. I do think I could have eventually got this working, but for the price this product should just work without resetting your wifi, changing your wifi password, rebooting the smart outlet, deleting and reinstalling the buggy Wemo app, turning your cellular data off on your phone and so on.I'm extremely disappointed because I've read some great reviews on this product, most specifically Wirecutter which rated it the best smart outlet (https://thewirecutter.com/reviews/best-smart-switch/). I have set up other smart outlets and will go back to other brands. For $30 per plug, I expected a much better setup experience and definitely expected to get this working, but that never happened.
Other companies make better smart plugs The description of this device looks great, and I thought Belkin makes decent stuff, but it performs horribly. (I had 3, and all exhibit the same poor characteristics.) The first time setup is not difficult, but good luck if you afterwards lose power, lose your WiFi, or move the device. And the scheduling menu is not as intuitive as it should be. The 2nd time setup is so inconvenient, I’m throwing in the towel and replacing the devices with a well-rated competitor’s model. Had high hopes, but this is just a poor piece of hardware.
Garbage I bought a belkin plug for a floor lamp and the set up was simple snd it has worked as advertised so I thought I would buy one wall switch. Installation was easy and then the frustration began. Eventually iafter numerous resets it the router paired up and that’s when the fun started. It would not turn the light. Yes it was wired correctly. More resets and the problem persisted. Boxed it up and returned it.
Down more than up. This has been a nightmare. If the power goes out you spend half a day trying to reconnect. If you reboot your network it's another half a day. It just quits working when ever it wants. I have another brand plugged in 10 foot away that gives me no problems at all. I would steer away from the wemo brand and purchase the tp-link brand. No issues with that one at all.
Nice product. Nice looking light switch and works as expected. The ability to set brightness level by time is great. I'm sure it is a limitation of current technology but I wish the switch was smaller. It won't fit in some of my boxes.
Works with Alexa Must have for a "Smart Home"
Not great for older houses Requires a neutral wire to install. Not great for older houses
Super easy to set up WeMo products are OUTSTANDING! Super easy to set up, works with Alexa. I'm a HUGE fan!
One Star cant get it to work and now its too late to return it.
Needs option to adjust wifi power output. Needs option to adjust wifi power output. This device puts out WAY too much signal strength. This puts out more power than my wireless router.
One Star Intermittent wifi disconnects. No workaround has been successful.
Unreliable, garbage app and firmware In the 25 years I've been buying tech kit this is easily the most unreliable pos I've ever bought.They worked at first but then I needed to change the wifi SSID. And then you're in for a whole world of hurt.It took me over an hour to change one socket over. Their app and firmware is garbage and times out of crashes repeatedly through the process.My second socket flatly refuses to work with a different wifi.
automation saves so much time being able to automate porch lights to turn on at sunset and off at sunrise is amazing
We are early works and is not worth the headache We bought a two pack from a big box store. They are crap. It takes an act of God to link them and God help you if you ever unplug it to move it you’ll have to go through the same 10 hour song and dance and prayers to get it to work again
Five Stars This product works perfectly with Alexa!
I like wemo First time I ever had trouble setting up Wemo. Need to call CustomerCare.
Extremely easy to use with Google Home; great Wemo app. Extremely easy to configure with WiFi and no hub. Integrates beautifully with Google Home. I wish Wemo had a standalone dimmer unit, but this works fantastically as an on/off smart plug. Excellent Wemo app to configure and set up; easily Google Home integration. Highly recommended.
One Star barely used it, 3 months later completely stop working.
Five Stars Good Product
Purchased a WEMO smart plug last year and paired it with Amazon Echo ... Purchased a WEMO smart plug last year and paired it with Amazon Echo - just tell Alexa to turn your Christmas tree on and off - no more crawling under the tree to turn it on and off . During the off season we used it on a lamp that we use a lot. Chrismas came this year and we couldn't give up the lamp so we bought a second. A little pricey but great device.
Decent e-switch once you know the magic incantation. Actually a decent e-switch but suffers from one simple problem: The instructions leave out one very important step. The quick-start sheet says nothing about it. The online instructions say nothing about it. The FAQs/help say nothing about it. They would need half as many support people and would get much better feedback if they would fix their instructions. The missing step? "Make sure that Mobile Data is turned off on all nearby mobile devices before configuring."When I installed my first Wemo I had to wait on hold over an hour to get through to somebody that told me this. The next Wemo installed fine because I remembered this. When I bought my third one, I remembered that there was a missing step but I couldn't recall what it was. I spent another hour on the phone with them, this time trying a lot of different things, before I realized that my wife's phone was nearby and had mobile data turned on. Ugh. Their support guy told me that this is a really common issue and most of their support calls that last more than a minute or two are due to this. Why can't they fix their instructions? Just add it to the troubleshooting steps online.There's another setup caveat as well... Once it connects to your Wifi you have less than a minute to complete the next step or it will disconnect. In many cases that is not enough time so you might have to try it a few times to get it done quickly enough.Anyway, now you know; so it shouldn't be a problem for you.
One Star Bought two of these mini plugs, both constantly lose wifi connection and out-of-sync with the app, returned both
Works but has its moments So the installation seems simple however it literally just didn’t want to cooperate. It would not connect to my phone for the longest time despite how many times I unplugged and tried again. I had to hard reset twice. After about 30 mins I finally got it working. It lags at times and sometimes it doesn’t want to turn on/off when I use the app. Other than that it does work remotely and pairs up to my Alexa Echo Dot. So it will respond to voice command well. I just think they need to fix some bugs on the app.
Purchased liked it; bought 2nd one liked it Purchased liked it; bought 2nd one liked it. I'd would recommend these dimmers for use with Google assistant. My 75 year old Mom now dims her kitchen lights with her voice through her pixel XL.
How to set up the plug with the Echo Dot I have tried to get tech support to work this out but was not successful . When you ask Alexa to discover, she cannot find the plug. II even bought a new smart phone but cannot get WeMo to be found or work with the Ech Dot
... I’ve got to say these things are obviously absolute garbage. I work in Cybersecurity and fully understand the ... After having a Wemo Light Switch for a couple days and dealing with failure to stay connected to WiFi and the remote access not working I’ve got to say these things are obviously absolute garbage. I work in Cybersecurity and fully understand the Network side of this. The Wemo WiFi chipset is complete junk in their switches. The funny thing is. I’d never in a million years even buy a junky Belkin powerstip much less any Belkin Network equipment, but for some reason I bought this smart device. Ugggg... What a terrible use of my time the past two evenings. On the brighter side of things the HomeKit bridge seems to be solid within itself. Unfortunately since the switches won’t stay connected it’s useless as wel. I’m sending it all back. For the record I’ve never written such a negative review but it really is concerning the percent of failure on the Wemo devices if you start doing a few searches for problems.
Everything is great with this dimmer If i could give this 4.5 stars out of 5 i would. Everything is great with this dimmer, responsive, simple to set up, everything is labeled well. The only thing i cant seem to figure out is why it wont slow fade from lets say 75% to 5% when i command my google home. It just goes from 75% to 5% kind of choppy like. Hopefully im just missing something. Otherwise highly recommend... the only other issue is its a little expensive but its a quality product so its worth it.
WEMO firmware is unable to manage WEMO devices from multiple geographical locations from one mobile device. If you are planning to use a number of wemo devices at two different geographical locations, you wont be able to control both locations from one mobile device. The Wemo app only can remotely manage their devices from one mobile device at each location. This flaw in the app firmware is a major limitation for people looking to efficiently manage devices in multiple homes, locations or even on different networks. Hopefully WEMO will update the firmware to increase efficiency.
Does not work Never worked with Alexa ONCE. I ENSURED I followed all of the instructions. Same WiFi, set it to a name Alexa could audibly recognize, did the initial WeMo setup properly. Alexa wouldn’t recognize it even after HOURS of fussing with it, and she’s recognized other smart plugs in the past, so I know it wasn’t the Alexa. Then ... I had to unplug it after two weeks because it stopped even allowing me to MANUALLY turn on my light, even when the WeMo was turned on. I had better luck with my previous non-name brand $15 Smart Plug, so I returned this joke.
Can't find wireless network DO NOT BUY THIS! I have this in the same room as my router and it still can't find my wireless network. I've wasted a couple hours trying to get this to work, without any luck. Taking it back to Costco today!
Works, but not real dependable. Fails to connect in iphone app. Have to remove power and reconnect to reset. Rule settings stay, but unable to access from phone about 50% of the time. Router is about 25 ft away. Have wemo smart plugs and have no problems with them.
110v Only. Do not buy if in Australia, UK etc. The device is only useable on 110v mains. Most products like this support 110/240v auto switching. Totally useless in Australia yet this is not mentioned anywhere on the product page and Amazon quite happily ship it to Aus. The only place the 110v requirement is noted is after you’ve opened the package, removed the switch and taken off the tape holding the wires down. Will be returning product.
OMG you have to purchase this item OMG where has this item been all of my life! We use it all the time
I use this with Amazon Alexa and Google home without ... I use this with Amazon Alexa and Google home without issue. It is thin and I can fit 2 in a standard outlet.
Five Stars Like it a lot.
Great light timer! We have been using this as a timer for our front porch lights for the last 2 weeks. Works really well! No problem with connectivity and installation was quick and easy! I had no problem downloading the app to my iPhone and setting the timer rule (dusk to dawn) for our lights. Love not having to manually turn off/on our lights anymore. Will definitely be purchasing more Wemo devices soon!
Works with Alexa It really works with Alexa. My wife loves being able to turn on lights with her voice.
Not Great for Security-Minded IT Guys It would get five stars if I didn't have to poke so many holes in my firewall.
This gen of WEMO is perfect. Like Timex. The first gen of WEMOs a few years back were iffy and a PITA. These have been 100%.
I love the fact that it can fit in the plug with blocking the other plug love it. it makes it convenient to turn on lamps, fans or anything that can be plug in. As well as it can be used with the smart speakers. I have the Amazon Echo plus and spot Alexa.I still cannot get it to do a few things I want: like turn off/on at a certain time.as well as I have a little problem with it responding sometimes.
Inconsistent performance. Bought a Wemo dimmer for the wifi connectivity as my other preferred brand doesn't make a dimmer. Connectivity is slow and spotty. When I ask my Echo to turn off the entire floor, this one is the last to get the message if it gets it at all. It's the only switch in the house that consistently has this problem. The manual dimmer pad lacks sensitivity and can sometimes be unresponsive to touch so I get more precision telling the echo a specific value ("Dim to 15%") or using the app. Updating the firmware was a chore and I had to do a factory reset of the dimmer twice due to glitches during the process last time. I'd say look for another option if you can.
Five Stars Easy to setup and works well
Junk The app is pretty crummy. Bad UX, clunky, and it won't even update my unit's firmware. The unit itself doesn't seem to want to remain connected to the network all the time, causing it to not be accessible a large portion of the time. I've spent more time and energy trying to get this piece of junk to work consistently than it would have taken me to just get up and turn off the lamp the hard way for a year.
Kaput after 2 months It worked for two months then kaput. I have other Wemo products and this one is disappointing.
No help. Not happy. SOL. Had it for less than 5 months plugged into the same lamp on my nightstand. Asked Alexa to turn on the light on my nightstand, I heard a spark, and no light turned on. Grabbed a flashlight and found the device had melted from the shock, and completely burned out. Next, I look online for help only to find out I am “past the return window”. No other option to report issues with the device, nor was there a warranty/protection plan offered at time of purchase.
Simplistic, but great way to get started Easy to configure. Controlled via the cloud service so they work as long as your wifi is up. The switches and cloud service have been rock-stable. App is "fine", not awesome, but ok.The minuses... they don't play nice with HomeKit or have more sophistication in programs (light groups, home/away settings, etc). Best for lights and pumps that operate on fixed schedules.
Iphone management from remote locations. Works great with my Iphone. I can control and check the light status from work or any place.
Great after setup but has a very flaky app and annoying setup. Dimmer range is lacking as well. The dimmer itself is nice quality and looks great. Install is easy if your comfortable with basic wiring. My issue was setup. The app is incredibly flaky on Android. Took a few tries to get going. It also sometimes needs to be reset to join wifi again. Dimmer range is pretty lacking as well. Does not get as dim as a the lutron it replaced.All that being said, it's pretty nice when setup. I enjoy the scheduling and rules. Google home integration is nice once you jump through the hoops. Voice control is surprisingly responsive..Overall the switch is worth it because of the features. But be ready for a few headaches and lacking dimmer range.
Nice having the option of using Alexa or pushing a ... Nice having the option of using Alexa or pushing a button for certain lights. Have installed multiple units without issue.
Three Stars My fault for ordering, they won’t work with a three way switch
Five Stars This light switch is awesome...exactly what I wanted!
Great Product By Wemo. Works like a charms
Very helpful device... as little pricey, though. Very helpful device, but be warned, it could be a VERY tight fit in some older single gang boxes...I find these devices to be a little over priced for what they do... just a little IMHO...
Lvoe Wemo! I love Wemo! We have two mini smart plugs and an original smart plug. They work perfectly and the software/app has improved a bunch over time. The connection with our Amazon Echo is great and offers a bunch of functionality. Set-up was a bit difficult after moving to a new apartment, but we figured it out eventually.
Would not connect to network I've got other Wemo plugs and smart devices, so I'm accustomed to working out the glitches in connecting to my network. This little booger defeated me. At least I'm not alone as I saw that many others had same issue in forums. I want Wemo to figure this out because the design/profile is much nicer than my other Wemo plugs.
Aggravated in Alabama. After having used one of these to great success, I ordered two more. Unfortunately, neither one of these will work. (Yes. I know how to operate these.) I have tried different locations with different smart phones and different wifi locations to no avail. I am extremely aggravated.
Worked great but keep in mind that for light switches it’s ... Worked great but keep in mind that for light switches it’s not uncommon for the switch not to have a neutral wire. I had to rewire everything.
Good product and no issues Love this, installed in garage to manage yard lights. Works well.
Reliable and doesn't take up a lot of space Wemo has been a reliable partner in our increasingly automated home, with Alexa at its core. We had an older and much bulkier Smart Plug that covered the bottom outlet, so it's good to see a mini version on the market. Currently we have this controlling a light on top of our bookcase.Setup is very easy and because we already had the WeMo app installed from previous products, it took only a few minutes to configure and pair with Alexa. There's also a manual ON/OFF switch on the plug itself if you need to get it when your WiFi has issues or the plug loses the connection with your router. This has not happened to us so far (the plug and router are about 25 ft apart and have direct line-of-sight).
Three Stars The WeMo app updates frequently and looses connection with the plug, making the plug unresponsive.
Avoid I purchased 8 of these at Costco. I have owned them for a month and not at one time ever have they all been available and functional at the same time. If they worked it would be a good product, but it’s not ready for prime time. Avoid
Very easy to install very easy to install and use. I really like it but the rules feature is not working.
Horrible app. Difficult setup even for IT nerds. Yuck, this thing was so stressful to setup, even for an IT engineer like myself. The app is garbage, even tested on multiple devices (all iOS though) and always had issues. Even after getting it working, it would have issues so I gave up, returned it and bought a TP-Link which works better.
Worked great for about a month Worked great for about a month. Then one day it stopped working and haven’t been able to reconnect since. Tried to reset but no luck. Product support has been pretty unhelpful as well.
One Star I have never been able to hook it up
Very easy to set up with Alexa I purchased a two pack at Costco. It took about 5 minutes to set up the first plug and about 1 minute to set up the second plug. The first set up took longer because I needed to download the WEMO app on my iPhone and connect the device to my wifi and Alexa. The step by step directions provided by WEMO made it a very easy setup. It works seamlessly with our Alexa. I'm very pleased with how easy it was to set up and how it works.
Five Stars Easy to set up and very reliable so far.
Not durable - problems developed after 3 years of use I've had this switch for about 3 years, and while initially working well, it has started to frustrate with problems.Pressing the switch will often register as two presses (lights switch on then instantly back off again) or will not turn on at all. Controlling remotely (app, voice) doesn't have the problem - it seems that the physical switch just isn't made to last a long time.I'm also using a Lutron Caseta wireless switch which is pressed more often than this which still works without a problem. I also have a Leviton z-wave switch which continues to work after the same amount of time (though, this is used less often).I will likely replace this with something different in the near future.Pros:- Does not require a hub- Works well with AlexaCons:- Physical touch to toggle on/off no longer works well after a few years of use- Uses wifi which tends to be less reliable than z-wave- Does not work with Cortana
Works as advertised as long as you have one location you want to control. I’ve had the WeMo dimmer for a couple months now. All in all, it’s working as advertised. We love the ability to control our lights remotely - it’s why we bought the WeMo. The one, major drawback is the lack of multi-location support. We have two homes and cannot control both from one device. Because of that I cannot give 5 stars.
Five Stars Easy to Install
Five Stars Love this light switch. Looks cool and works great.
Five Stars Just great
When they work, they work well, and Alexa integration is awesome If these were more consistent, I'd give 5 stars. I love that they work well (when they work) and I absolutely love the Amazon Alexa voice integration. Nothing better than saying, "Alexa, turn on the Lego table," or, "Alexa, turn on the Oculus Rift." And the smart phone control is handy for things since I have this on the master ethernet over power brick for my Logitech alert systems, so I can power cycle that to reboot it if needed, and in the summertime I use one for a fan that shoots cold air up from the basement into my great room.But Two of the five I currently have randomly drop off. They're plugged in, they work if hit the power button physically, but the app shows them disconnected... If they could fix that, this would easily be 5 stars.
Beautiful, easy to install, great device. Awesome dimmer. Works great with my lamp, installation took me 5 minutes. The only thing I would give less stars is the dedicated app. Could work more "smooth"
... if there was a way to integrate all my smart stuff into one single app I would give it 5 if there was a way to integrate all my smart stuff into one single app.
Five Stars Simple setup.
Make sure your home is wired properly for this switch or it will not work. This product may work with Alexa, but I was unable to find out because it won't work with the way the lighting in my house is wired. Nowhere on the Amazon page does it say that you have to have an available neutral wire to install this device. My house is "loop" wired and does not have neutral wires in the switch boxes. The instructions direct you to their website if you do not have a neutral wire to connect to. The website then tells you that this switch will not work in your home. It would have been much easier if that was stated on the Amazon page in the first place.
Great product Works great with Google but still cant get echo or Alexa to work with it. But I am happy with Goggle controlling it. I bought another for another room. Great product.
I've tried all of the arcane fixes recommended on forums- changing the WiFi channel I've had three for over 6 months now, have used all of them with Google home and Amazon echo devices.These switches are chronically unreliable, frequently disconnecting from the network for no apparent reason and not reconnecting without rebooting the switch. I've tried all of the arcane fixes recommended on forums- changing the WiFi channel, resetting and reinstalling them, but they each have this issue at least once a week. Very frustrating and annoying.
Best advice I have is don’t buy this product Updated to a new router that has both 2.4 and 5.0 ghz and none of my Wemo products work any more. Tried technical support Q&A Didn’t supply any answers. Best advice I have is don’t buy this product. I’m now stuck with a house full of devices that no longer work.
They are convenient when you are not at home and ... They are convenient when you are not at home and you are wanting to turn your lights on before you arrive.
hit and miss I own 6 of these and about 25% of them work all the time. The rest will lose connection intermittently and can't be relied on. The newest one is about 6 feet from the router and just loses connection. IP light switch is a bad idea, needs to just be radio.
then the app will decide that it doesn't really feel like recognizing the device If I could give negative stars I absolutely would. This device out of the box does not work. the app is clunky and slow. And if after hours of troubleshooting you can actually get one to connect to your WiFi, then the app will decide that it doesn't really feel like recognizing the device. Then you have to factory reset the device, clear the data and cache on the app. and start again to only go through more hours of troubleshooting to get it to see your network only to repeat the possess again. I though well maybe I got a bad one. so I tried another... well same story. I highly recommend you try another company and device this is the worst thing ever made by any company ever.
stopped working after 6 months. Buggy and unreliable wifi ... stopped working after 6 months. Buggy and unreliable wifi. Tried connacting support but no use, they close case on there own.Never going to buy any wemo products !
Issues right out of the box. I will be looking at other options. Completely unsatisfied with my purchase. The setup process is obviously not completed vetted out yet. I originally tried setting up the plug with my Android phone and it wouldn't connect to my network. I then read other reviews to where it may be OS sensitive which is annoying but I was able to try on an iPad and iPhone. Now the app crashes when the switch is trying to connect to my network. I reset the switch to its factory settings multiple times. It did actually connect to my network once where it actually said my network name on the app screen. But, then the switch lost its connection and the app told me to try again. I have had absolutely no issue connecting other devices to my network. So, this isn't a user error issue. I have already wasted 2 hours trying to just connect the plug to my network and that's where I am drawing the line.
Need that neutral wire.... The typical home wiring set up has three wires - a black “hot” wire, a white “neutral” wire, and a bare or green “ground wire”. When wiring a switch, it typically interrupts the hot wire - switch off means the flow is interrupted; on and you complete the circuit. Older homes, that’s the wire that is on the two screws of your switch. The white wire is either in the back of the box or maybe not there at all, depending upon how the light is wired up. Everything that uses power will need the hot and neutral wires to operate, butfor a switch, you only need to break the hot wire. Oversimplification, yes, but you get the gist.This particular switch requires the neutral wire to work. That’s a bit different from traditional switches and even other smart switches. As such, if the neutral wire is not accessible in the electrical box where the switch resides (as is often the case) then you cannot use this switch.Now...a caveat...the color of the wires isn’t always the same. Case in point - some electricians (and laymen) may wire everything at the light, then break the hot wire there, connecting one end to the black wire and the other to the white wire, and run those down to the switch. This, in essence, turns the white wire at the switch into a hot wire as well. When you look at one of these installs, you will see just one gathered wire with three wires in the switch box (white, black, and usually bare). If you have a setup like that, you cannot use this switch - you’ll need something like the Lutron Caséta wireless switch.Likewise, if you have a light controlled by more than one switch, this switch will not work with it. You’ll want to consider the Lutron or another.It’s unfortunate that this switch is designed like that. I did not realize when I purchased it that the normal/typical wiring in older homes would not have the neutral accessible at the switch box. (It’s been a while since I wired a switch.). I’d definitely recommend checking your old switch’s wiring BEFORE you buy. The other Wemo equipment is nice but this switch...not gonna work in my setup.
Works fine but too big to fit into box Works fine but honestly I can't figure out how to get all the wires back into the box. It looks like I'm going to have to trim them down to almost nothing.
Great product! Highly recommended Great product! Highly recommended! Installing was a breeze and when my wifi is disconnected for whatever reason it automatically recognizes it do not have to do anything. Never had to do anything to it since it was installed. Will order a few more.
Bought a couple mini smart plugs and they work fantastic with Echo Dot Bought a couple mini smart plugs and they work fantastic with Echo Dot! Will be buying more for the rest of the house.
Two Stars Mine quit working Feb 2018, one month after return window closed.
Three Stars , does not work properly with Alexa on the dimming function, need to add more instructions
Works like a charm Installation was really easy and it connected to my wifi in 2 minutes, Alexa another 30 seconds. Now, it controls my outside lights based on the sunrise/sunset cycle. It also cool that you can manually turn it on/off, but it doesn't forget the setting, so it still turns on/off at sunset/sunrise.
otherwise good product, great idea only thing I notice so far, if the power fails the switch will not come back on by itself. otherwise good product, great idea
Won't connect at all Works as poorly as it looks. Three hours later of making unsecured networks that it could pair to but it errors every time. Sounds like a problem many experience but is not reflected on Amazon reviews. Buyers beware.
Good buy - very reliable Great plugs. I had a TPLink Kasa, my brother swears they are the best ever but they are sooo spotty for me. These ones are reliable. Never gave me any trouble. Works every time. They do take a little bit longer to turn on than they should (using with Google home) as compared to others. But works well. Looks really good too. Would recommend as a buy for sure. Got this from the Wirecutter recommendation.
The app is terribly broken when setting up a device Half of the time it doesn't respond to the app button. The app itself is slow, hangs frequently with no way to back out without closing and re-opening the app. The app is terribly broken when setting up a device.I want to expand on that last point. Android devices don't like to be attached to networks that don't have internet connectivity, and in many versions of Android the user can't prevent the phone from disconnecting from a network that doesn't have internet. The setup process for these switches, and presumably the entire Wemo line, requires connecting to the device's own WiFI network, which of course has no internet access. When the app sees that the network has disconnected, rather than either waiting to see what the phone does, or telling the user to switch back, the app closes and re-opens, starting the already slow process over again. Because of this there is a good chance the user will never be able to setup the device.I tried to reset the device because it doesn't do anything with the rules set for it 95% of the time. I had a simple rule, when I'm home, based on Nest, and the time is after 6PM turn on the light, but this only worked a few times in the three months I've had it. Frustrated with this, and not being able to connect the Wemo to Google Home due to an error with no explanation from the Wemo site, I reset it and had to deal with the issue above again.It's going in the trash if Amazon won't give a refund. I wish I knew what to recommend instead. I'm going to shop for an alternative, and if I don't find one it is trivial to do with an Arduino or Raspberry Pi for anyone that has the knowledge to do so.I would definitely recommend against this, especially for people who use the Android ecosystem or Google Home. I don't have an iOS device, so I don't know if they also dislike being connected to WiFi without internet, but I would guess they have similar behavior.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT It will not link to Alexa. I do not recommend this product. Too complicated and the Belkin instructions are impossible to understand.
Wemo consistently produces a terrible product. I am trying to keep my commitment ... Wemo consistently produces a terrible product. I am trying to keep my commitment to Wemo as a home automation partner, but first they drop their lights as a product and I have infinite difficulties in connecting their products to many wifi networks. I am an IT person and have enterprise grade wifi at home and the office. I connect devices from many suppliers all the time. Wemo devices consistently give me fits. I so want to be happy with Wemo (I already have $400+ dollars of their products) but they so loose my trust EVERY time I try to setup a new device
It is very hard to figure out how to connect ... It is very hard to figure out how to connect to my phone and my wifi. I tried many times to connect it and I still couldn't figure out how to work it. it will not connect it keeps saying my wifi is unavailable and I need to move closer.
Doesn’t work in multi-story home Returned because it did not work consistently. Our wireless router is upstairs and these would not connect or work consistently from downstairs. I had to take them upstairs to get them connected initially but once I brought them back downstairs they had already lost their programming.
Better choices Most all of these switches I've purchesed have proven unreliable. Have replaced them with GE Z-Wave smart switches and they are working great.
Bad App New App sucks and switch won’t work with new router. Buy something else
One Star Doesn't work well with Google Home. Tried various troubleshooting options since arrival and still not working correctly.
Five Stars Love this!
Works Too expensive but it does work.
Not good Way way way too difficult to install. The iOS app terrible. Once working, great. But if you have to go back to it - oh, my. I won't go on and on about the difficulty setting it up but. Background - I already had two Wemo dimmer switches. They look really great. I needed to add a third switch to control the backyard lighting. The app was already on my iPhone. I won't spend the time writing about it here. As simply as I can - the iPhone app does not "add" a switch but requires a complete install to add a switch. The app is already connected to the wifi. Once the app sees the switch, it should just add the switch to the control. Doesn't work the way. Terrible experience. On Amazon looking for replacements. My new switch still not working as it should. BTW - once the app decides it can't connect to a network. Well, it will refuse to connect to the network thereafter.I was on technical support forever. Finally, just gave up and hung up.
Four Stars did what the producted said it would do!
Randomly died after 2 months This product worked great when I first got it. Easy set up, and within 10 min it was paired with my Dot. Last week, it randomly disconnected (all it's running is a small LED lamp). I've tried resetting it to it's defaults to reprogram it, moving it to a different outlet, moving my router, but nothing works. If I were you, is give this one a pass and try a different brand of smart outlet.
Wemo is a step above the others Easy to install and program to my google home.
One Star You'll need other products in order for this to work. It's not a simple installation.
Could have been an excellent 5 Star but no.... A simple quick start guide for setting this up and setting it up on Alexa would have made this a great experience. But no quick start and no5 Star review. Also, no repeat customer.
Great when you need more than a smart outlet switch. Purchased to allow control of exterior lights when away from home. I have basic wiring skills and was able to install after talking to someone about the "neutral" wire necessity. Added Wemo skill to Alexa and can control through my echo dots. This works with single pole wiring only (no three way switches and requires a neutral wire to function. After installation setup is easy.
Poor WiFi connectivity, limited usability I have two of these in my house and have experienced constant issues with the plugs not staying connected to WiFi (I have 3 access points and there isn’t a dead spot in my house). They will also clip out if you have anything that draws more current than a simple lamp - claims to “overheat” and the switch will shut off.
Love not having to turn off all my lamps individually Works perfectly with my Google Home! Love not having to turn off all my lamps individually :)
If there had been an option for zero stars that ... If there had been an option for zero stars that is what I would have given this device. Unfortunately I didn’t try using it until it was too late to return. The first Wemo plug I had worked for about a year then stopped. I made the mistake of replacing it with another Wemo, this time a mini. This one worked for about an hour. I have tried everything suggested to get both plugs up and running again including deleting and reinstalling, but thus far nothing has worked. I won’t be buying another Wemo plug.
Easy and simple to use/install!! Really like the simplicity of these. It takes me less than 15 mins from start to finish. It is so nice to not have to go around and hit every light switch in the house. Just have your smart home shut it off. And you can even turn your lights off if you forget on your way out the door.
I like I bought two wemo mini smart plugs and 2 hue smart bulbs to compare functionality. The wemo minis were easy to setup and I'm able to use the app anywhere which I'm not able to do with the hue (need to be connected to wifi router). I also like the timer options on the wemo compared to the hue.
Wemo is great, I can have Alexa turn my light on ... Wemo is great, I can have Alexa turn my light on or off or I can turn on & off with the wemo app
Five Stars Great cool
Stopped working after 2 months. Had a really bad experience with these bulbs. I bought one and it seemed to work fine, so bought 2 more and each of them stopped working after a couple of months. Even when they worked, they would disconnect once a week. Wemo's android app sucks and so does their customer support. I'm going to buy the TP Link ones and will update this review if they are any better.
Works great with Google Home Wemo is easy to set up, and I use it with Google home. I use it to turn a lamp off and on.
I liked that my Wemo WiFi-enabled light switch was so easily ... I liked that my Wemo WiFi-enabled light switch was so easily recognized by Alexa (Amazon Echo Dot). It’s just as easy to operate. Just say “Alexa, turn on Living Room”, or whatever you named it, and it works! Voice activation doesn’t even have to be configured. Just use the word you configured as the Wemo outlet’s name.On the downside, it’s slightly bulky, so it’d be difficult to plug in to an outlet covered by an entertainment center or piece of furniture. It’s still awesome, though!
Super simple to set up Super simple to set up! Actually got 2 more. Nice for when at home, peace of mind when traveling.
but using the app works just fine. I use it as an alternative to a ... I cannot say anything about pairing it up with Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant, but using the app works just fine. I use it as an alternative to a switch since I'm too lazy to get up from bed to turn off the lamp on the other side of my room. You can set timers for when it turns on, how long it stays on, and when it shuts off.
These light switches work great! Does exactly what they are supposed to do These light switches work great! Does exactly what they are supposed to do. I had read before I got them that people had trouble updating them. I installed mine, and the first thing they did was update the bios, and bam, worked like a charm! Very simple. The only pain was having to take out all the switches in the box just to put one of these in because I had to access the neutral ground that was in the back of the box.
remote control outlet Works great with Wemo software or Amazon Echo. Not terribly expensive.
Five Stars It’s such a convenience to control my lighting when I’m out away from home or even from my bed.
So far much more stable than my others. I have a combination of WeMo and iHome smart plugs that I have used. In recent months the iHome units have become unreliable and go offline consistently and the WeMo's just keep on plugging away and working (yes...pun intended!!). Recently I added a Samsung SmartThings hub and the Wemo's are still spot on while the iHome's continue to falter.I just bought two of these at my local HD and had them up and running in under 10-min including firmware upgrades and creating my schedules for them. If they continue to work like this, I am happy!
Love.. little hate. Love hate. They work great once installed. I have a lot of them. Belkin support is always there. But I know they are limited to what they can work around. There are tricks to installing these. One Major trick is to turn off "remember network" before you even try to install one. Turn it back on after you get it installed. If you are using Alexa to turn them on, sometimes they just work, but I have had a few that took over night to show up on Alexa. No idea why. Could show up in 10 minutes, hour or over night. Once it does I never had one fail in 3 years. only shitty thing is you can ONLY have one location of wemo's on one device. So I have 2 houses, have to have two iphones. Love to know why they can't add locations. Smaller companies have figured this out.
BELKIN YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES If anyone knows how to connect these things please post it. I have tried to follow the instructions over and over still will not connect . These things are going back
Dont waste your money on something Belkin does not want to support As far as I am concerned these are garbage! I have two of these, one of the older (bulkier) plugs, and three Wemo light switches - I am taking them all out and introducing them to the trash can! You cannot set them up with newer versions of Android - luckily I had one of my old phones that I could use to initially set them up - my Pixel 2 XL would not set them up after hours of tring. The app can be slow and unresponsive. Switches and plugs will be disabled in the app randomly, the app will say something is turned on when it is off, sometimes when you try to use the app to turn something on/off it will "spin" for several seconds and not change state. If you can ever get them set up and tied into your Google Assistant they work a little better than they do through the native Android app - assuming Google Assistant can actually see the devices. I changed my WiFi access point a week or so ago and these two smart plugs have not worked since. They are set up (again, using an old Android phone that I have not gotten rid of yet) and the app can "see them" but so far nothing can control them.I have read several posts on the Wemo message board with others having similar trouble so others are having similar troubles. Dont waste your money...
The cost is excessive. Alexa always has problems communicating ... The cost is excessive. Alexa always has problems communicating with WEMO.
Difficult setup I have tried several different smart plugs and this one is by far the most difficult and time consuming to set up. There are better and cheaper smart plugs out there.
Worked well at first then not so much (Updated 2X: SSID Name Flaw Still don't work) I purchased two of the WeMo Mini Smart Plugs and initially they connected and worked well with my 6+ year old router. A few weeks ago I updated my router for improved performance and security. I have about two dozen smart devices in my home and I was able to connect all of them to my new router with little fuss, that is, with the exception of the two WeMo Smart Plugs. I worked for hours doing research and doing troubleshooting with success. I called WeMo (Belkin) Tech Support who spent a 1-2 hours with me on the phone. When the plugs didn't work using my phone as a hot spot to eliminate the new router it was determined that both devices were defective. Given an RMA # I paid the postage to return the devices for new ones. When the replacements arrived I still wasn't able to get them to connect to my Wi-Fi router. I sent an email with my case number to support explaining that the problems I was experiencing. They called me back in a timely manner and we spent two hours on the phone doing troubleshooting. We were able to get the WeMos connected using my phone as a Mobile Hotspot and was even able to do a firmware update. Still no luck connecting with my Wi-Fi router. I understand this will be escalated but after spending so many hours without any results I am pretty soured on the devices. Tech Support was pretty good although a bit difficult to understand but the product is a disappointment. I have much cheaper smart plugs from another OEM that have always worked well and easily migrated to the new router using their app; just selected the new router, entered the password and was done. I do not recommend these smart plugs.Update 2/15/2018: So WeMo Tech Support quickly responded to my follow-up email about the problems I was having with the replacement devices. The problem had been escalated and it was determined that the reason the WeMo Minis couldn't connect to my WiFI was because there was a special character in the SSID of the router!!! The SSID was valid and posed no problems for any of the two dozen or so devices that use WiFi. I selected WeMo (Belkin) because I perceived them to be a big player and have had good experiences previously. I am astounded that any device they would produce would have such a basic and simple flaw that would prevent it from working. Moreover, even with the flaw, it should not take me hours on the phone with tech support before finding the problem. Apparently they were aware of the problem and working on a firmware update to fix it. So add that to the tech support script and include a notice in the packaging for the Mini. The problem is that it is inconceivable that something as simple as special (and permissible) characters in an otherwise valid SSID would not work properly. It speaks volumes about the lack of quality control and testing of their firmware. I'll keep these WeMos but no more Wemo/Belkin wireless products for me.Another Update 2/15/2018: OK so I changed my SSID and did all of the other things WeMo support said needed to be done and the two Minis worked for a few minutes. When I took them upstairs to use them they would not connect!!! I brought the one I was trying to use and went through the whole setup process again 4-5 times and couldn't get the device to reconnect. I plugged in the second WeMo that was only in my pocket to go up and it wouldn't connect. Basically all I did was walk upstairs with it in my pocket, bring it back down and restarted the WeMo app. I am about beside myself about these things. I reset 4 Echo Dots, 2 Ecobee thermostats and 3 other smart switches in about 10 minutes before I got to trying to use the WeMos for the last hour!! I need to go reconnect everything else with the new SSID but I am done with the WeMos. They are garbage!!!! I might hang on to them to see if there is ever a firmware version that will actually work since I spent about $60 on them but then maybe not - need to sleep on it.
Poor poor design engineering This product is bogus. It does not allow for the operation at two different locations. After speaking with Belkin Tech Support, I was told to use a separate device to control the light switch at my business. The APP (lack of APP) does not allow for the operation on two different networks! What? Come on, we just launched a car to Mars for God's sake. Really? Can you imagine if you had 10 locations that you wanted to control? According to Belkin, you would need 10 phones/Ipads etc.Poor poor design engineering, total lack of thought.
Nice Smart Plug, Works It's a smart plug that I have working with both Echo and Google Home. It's at the farthest (furthest?) end of the house from the router and there have been no connection problems. Installation was uneventful meaning I could almost understand the directions. It is a bit bigger than you might imagine. I have bought three different smart plugs mainly because they were on sale. So now there are three different apps on my smart phone to control my three smart plugs (not including the smart thermostat and its app). If I had it to do over again, I'd stick with only one smart plug maker and only one app (although some apparently can use different apps to do the same things?).
Works with almost everything Love Wemo -makes me lazier than ever. Other than the firmware updates it’s a great little product that pairs nicely with Alexa.
Works with Google home Setup is simple. Works well. I use it regularly with Google home.
Did not work! This product did not work for us! We tried connecting it several times and it never worked. We had to return it and buy a new one. I do not recommend.
Very cool. I have it hooked up to a fan ... Very cool. I have it hooked up to a fan in my workout room so I can turn it on and off from my phone. Very easy to set up. Good product.
Works greats Works great , took less than ten minutes at my pokey pace to install .Took only another couple of minutes to get the app to recognize the switch .While returning home from work on the evening of the install I turned on my living room lights and sinceWifey was home alone and didn't realize the switch was installed , she got a tad bit frightenedbut soon figured out what was going on and gave me a little chewing out . (I giggled like a ten year old)Highly recommended , just tell your spouse ahead of time ........... or not .
Five Stars This has made things so convenient
Three Stars Works but it takes a couple seconds to turn on/off with google home.
Would give 5 stars but one day my power went ... Would give 5 stars but one day my power went out for 10 min, and had to reset all the settings which were difficult because I had to un-learn it and then start from scratch again. It should have some sort of memory so I wouldn't have to reset it, and pair it again with the wifi and Alexa.
Since the goal for my purchase was to have the smart plug automatically echo the home/away function of the Nest ... Does not consistently sync with Nest. Since the goal for my purchase was to have the smart plug automatically echo the home/away function of the Nest home/away... and it doesn't actually do that.... this is a bust. Will return the product.
One Star The product does not work and was told by Belkin too bad
Five Stars Excellent quality and great price!
I really love this switch I really love this switch! Just a couple of comments: The app can be a little buggy from time to time, but nothing too terrible. It will not dim if the fan connected to the light is turned on but everything else will work. Other than that, I love that you can set a timer to gradually dim until dark. It's so easy to install and setup. Definitely recommend!
Hey Alexa, Turn on My WEMO A much better form factor than the original WEMO which is an eye-sore. This one allows me to free up an outlet so I can plug in my electric wood chipper. It sync instantly once I followed the WEMO pairing instructions that I found on the Internet.
I can't figure out how to use it. As ... I can't figure out how to use it. As far as syncing it up w/ Alexa. I want it turn my light on before I get home from work.
Money wasted. I bought two of these as Christmas gifts. We got one of them to work after some tinkering but the other one would never connect. Since it was a gift and opened way after purchase....by the time we realized the second one doesn't work, it was too late to return/exchange. Money wasted.
Great but won’t work with IOS Home app Love these switches. The only reason not five star is they don’t update easily and then can’t be found by the app. The new switch works great but my older ones are the problem. Says they work with iOS Home app but there’s nothing to scan and won’t work
One Star The plug I received would not work, no matter what we tried to connect it. No instructions. Returned.
These were recommended by a co-worker and I'm glad I took their ... These were recommended by a co-worker and I'm glad I took their advice. They were very easy to install and set up. I connected them to my Amazon Echo device and can now voice control the lights connected to these switches.
Great timer Works well as a smart timer. We are using it for a "dumb" coffee pot, that ,akes fantastic coffee, but has no timer.So nice to hear the coffee start dripping before I get out of bed in the morning !Design keeps other outlet available.
clunky user experience, and stuck in a failed firmware update loop got caught in a failed firmware update loop, and the app for android is super clunky. I was ambivalent about the security risks posed by smarthome/IoT devices, but the usability issues were ultimately what drove me away from this and back to using a normal lamp timer.
Big improvement Much improved compared to the older models, work well
Bad hardware or bad software? You decide This "smart" plug stops working about once a month. To get it going again, you'll have to do a factory reset on it and reconnect it to the app on your phone. If you're lucky, you'll only need to do this once; if not, you'll have to try a few times. For me, the Wifi broadcast name shows up only about once every three tries. Also, if you do happen to get the device working with the Wemo app, Alexa may or may not find it in its Smart Home connection.
Nice useful product I liked the first one I bought, so I bought a second one (newer model, but I don’t notice any difference). Set up is very easy. My 10 year and 6 year old can now turn on/off lights just by asking Alexa. I have one light on a timer. I also like the fact that I can turn lights on or off while away at work.
Get this, not that Don't buy the cheaper plugs, I was unable to set them up. The Wemo Mini is ridiculously easy to set up and is so convenient! I have three of them, all used for different purposes (lighting, beauty appliance and kitchen appliance), and none have failed me!
It will work for fine right after I connect it but My Dimmer switch won't stay hooked up to WIFI. It will work for fine right after I connect it but, when I come back the next day, it won't connect. I've reconnected the device 4 times with the same results.
and it works great. The switch does take up a little more ... We purchased this to work with the Amazon Echo, and it works great. The switch does take up a little more space in the outlet space, so if you have a lot of wiring back there, it might be a tight fit.
Five Stars They work great should have bought them sooner
Very easy to install if you ever replaced a switch Very easy to install if you ever replaced a switch. Only downfall is you can’t monitor two different homes in one app.
DO NOT BUY Piece of crap switches. Every time you have to reset or move your modem it takes hours and hours and sometimes days for these switches to reconnect, if at all. I have 3 switches and 2 of them I have not been able to reconnect to my wifi for almost 4 months now so completely useless.
Love knowing my energy usages We just built a new home and want to get it set up to reduce our energy usage. It bugs me leaving the printer and ice maker on all day and the Keurig for hours. Plus we have a sump pump that seems to run all day and are using an electric space heater at night. In order to focus on turning off what is using the most energy, you have to know what they are. Love that I can download the data. Bonus is the control using the app, so when I'm not monitoring my usage I can use it as a fully functioning Wemo. Highly recommend!
Lousy installation! So aggravated with this device! I have 3 other smart plugs in the TP Link brand & i have had no issues installing or using! The only thing i didn’t like about them is they are so big that on a double outlet i am only able to use 1 plug. So i decided to order one of the mini Wemo plugs. & well, i have tried for days trying to set up & i constantly get the loading page. THATS IT! I do not understand! I have amazing WiFi, an Apple phone, & when i try to reinstall the tp link brand it works fine! So as of right now I’m wishing i did not buy this brand & waste my money!
Nice idea, poor execution. It was great. Now it causes the lights to flicker like a strobe light. It will not reset or connect to wifi. I have to constantly turn the breaker off and on to return the device to manual operation. My response from Wemo was "Case resolved."
Update....Bye Bye Mr. We no net Mr. Trash. It lost it's wifi connection for the last time.
Get the TP link instead Took me hours to set up, with multiple plug resets. Once I did, I was frequently asked to update firmware which then caused everything to switch off. Once set up they are great, but The TP link is much easier to set up and as good or better in operation. (Less updates)
Absolute waste of money This stopped working after couple month right now its like regular dimmer where i can only operate manually. I have sent emails to belkin but their help was not so useful. Have tried to reset it as per their suggestion and it still doesn't show up in my network. I have read in many forums that people are having same kind of issues. Please don't waste money on this product my - honest opinion.
Watch out for intrusive repetative email requests to review. Actually, the switch isn't half bad, but I'm disgusted getting requests every day to write this review; very intrusive
Clean, beautiful design. Very clean design and easy to set up. So far so good, easy setup with Alexa but sometimes it’s just nice to use the actual button because it’s so nice.
Wemo Mini Smart Plug connection issue resolved ! I had two of these switches that worked very well and then I purchased a third. In trying to install it on the Wemo app it would not install. In fact I deleted my app and started to see if that would fix it. A mistake as now all three wemo mini switches failed to work ! A call to support (who are very good and based in the Philipines) determined that the firmware was out of date on my old wemo switches. These were updated and still no joy. The new wemo was returned to Amazon as faulty and replaced (super service). The new wemo arrives and I contact support for another attempt at getting these wemo’s installed. After well over an hour of resetting the switches and deleting and reinstalling apps on both an iPad and iPhone still no joy. So I was upgraded to higher support who would call the next day. Next day and after creating a WiFi hotspot and upgrading the firmware ,the switches would install when connected to this WiFi hotspot that was created on my PC, however the wemo switches would still not install using my router WiFi ! It was suggested that I use another password on my router but I explained that I had numerous devices attached and didn’t really want to change my password, after all it had worked well with my old wemo switches! After some discussion and this was after over two hours approx on a support call I was asked about my password. When I explained it contained a symbol I was told the wemo switch WOULD NOT connect to a router password that contained a symbol !!! (my old switches prior to firmware update had worked to this password !!). The support agent (who was very patient and helpful) then arranged for a support call to me the following day at 9am and if not called that day, a call for the following day at 9am to see if there was a workaround for my password. No calls were ever received ! So frustrated was I after all these hours of support that culminated in finding the culprit was my password would need changing, I ended up changing it and reconfiguring my multiple devices. Having spent hours and determined to resolve this issue I feel Belkin/Wemo should give me a medal. A great product but messed up by a firmware upgrade that caused me many hours to resolve.
Should do an explainer video on how to connect with Google Home. I bought it to use with our Google Home, the process is not that simple. I think we were able to link them together because we have a Nest thermostat. A bit pricy too.
Four Stars Works great with Alexa, was a little confusing to set up but finally figured it out.
Easy to install, simple to use! Exactly what I was looking for
Work great with GOOGLE creating a smart home environment. Plugs work great, easy to setup. I have 4 of them. works great with Google home and minis.I also have switches for outside lights. using IFTTT with google mini to turn on lights when I arrive home. Works as expected. never arrive home in the dark.
Difficult to connect to wifi Works well once setup is done, but quite difficult to setup.I’ve spent hours to try to connect the dimme4 to wifi, I finally succeeded without knowing what I did differently than when it was failing. I think the app is bad ad it shows strong wifi signal but has difficulty to complete the connection.Another issue is that the dimmer is quite deep so the electrical box must be very deep, wires must be well organised for the dimmer to fit
This is a useless product as a result Wemo's app does not work correctly. This is a useless product as a result.
Four Stars works but doesn't always connect
Five Stars tres bien fonctionne a merveille et pas compliqué a installer
Easy enough to fix but irritating at the same time Works well but, any time out WiFi signal drops, I have to hit the reset button as it doesn’t reconnect automatically. Easy enough to fix but irritating at the same time.
Works like a Belkin product Title says it all. Unreliable toy. Will cause intense frustration.Used this device to control the xmas tree lights for about a month. Install went smoothly, linking with Alexa posed no problems. "Alexa - turn on the Christmas lights." The kids were entertained. For about 3 days.Then the party was over and the lights came on, er well....didn't.Alexa tells you the device is not responding, so you walk over and observe the Wemo lights showing no connection to WiFi. Curious, as Alexa was still connected to WiFI. Unplug the Wemo, plug it back in. Wait 60 seconds. Works again.Prepare to repeat this dance every 3-4 days until your frustration gets the better of you and you resort to the tried and true method of plugging it in yourself.A firmware update mid december 2017 did not change anything. Product is complete junk. 1 extra start for the first day entertainment value.
I love the fact that you can install these I love the fact that you can install these, and they're ready to go. By the way, they're pretty easy to install. Just know, however, they do not work on switch that have 3-way or if you have dual switches (where you can turn on/off lights from multiple locations). Otherwise, great switch.
Does what it’s supposed to Product works great for turning on the K Cup coffee machine with auto off after 30 min. Parts go bad in these machines if you don’t unplug them after use. Even thou you turn it off there’s solenoids in the machine that are always activated when it’s pluged in. This Wemo devise makes it easy and saves wear and tear on the plug.
Unit was easy to install with good directions Unit was easy to install with good directions. I have had occasional issues with firmware updates but they seem to have gotten more reliable in the recent past. Really like the fact I can integrate with Alexa.
Modern technology Very cool modern technology! I am a low tech guy, but really love the convenience of controlling lights when I am away from home... if I forget to turn them on when I leave, I am able to do so from my smart phone. Easy install, it be sure to turn power to the switch off before starting.
It works! Great product, pretty intuitive to use. I do wish it didn’t need it’s own app just for the one outlet I’m using it for, but all of these products “require” that, I guess. I love being able to turn my light on from anywhere, it’s not that important for every light, but great for those with switches that are inconvenient. Great that it only takes one outlet. Bottom line, it works!
Five Stars Love these things. This is my 4th one.
Easy to install and works no problem with Amazon Alexa Easy to install and works no problem with Amazon Alexa. Getting more products soon for other lights around the house
I am happy with this product I first learned about this product in Costco connection and apparently had missed the timeframe when it'd be in store, so got it from Amazon.. I am happy with this product; set up was fairly simple and the best part is I can control it from ANYWHERE! I didn't like something in the custom settings but can't comment on that too much right now, since i need to explore it further. I liked the product so much after 2 days of use I ordered another one (though it was the older model which turned out to be bigger size wise, but it works just as well).
Excellent works well Excellent works well
First smart switch I installed First smart switch I installed. Initialization after downloading the app went well. Told Alexa then to find new devices and everything was good. We've had that switch fail once (wouldn't turn light on even with manual switch). Found small little buttons under actual switch which APPEAR to be reset (can't find any documentation on them) and haven't had issue since. Second switch had a devil of a time initializing it until I told it NOT to use saved Wifi info so it asked for the Wifi crews again. Then everything went smooth. I find them good over all and enjoy the convenience with Alexa, but the tight fit in the electrical box, the lacking documentation, and the occasional issue of switch not working even when manually touched makes them less than 5 stars.
Five Stars It worked great for the Christmas tree via Alexa.
Only place I could get this was Amazon. com ... Only place I could get this was Amazon.com - seems Belkin have stopped selling in Australia :( Thank you. Works on 240V as well as 120V.
Mostly good Easy to set up and works pretty consistently, but occasionally loses its WiFi connection, flashes annoyingly and has to be manually reinstalled.
Five Stars Really enjoy the product , wish they made it for a three pole.
Five Stars Awesome switch easy install works great with echo
What's not to like? All is good. Item worked very well and is in use each day. No problems - no issues. Works well with my Google Home & Mini. Well packaged/protected by the mfg. Arrived in a short time and I think I'll probably purchase several more of these switches next month.
Five Stars A great product.
Great smart home upgrade! Pretty awesome smart home upgrade! Easy to install, looks great, and works flawlessly with google assistant! Great product!
Convenient We have several wemo products. You can connect lamps, TVs, etc to them and use Alexa to turn things on and off.
Easy to Install, Easy to Use This was super easy to install. I don't do hardly any electrical work myself, but I had no problem following the instructions provided to wire in my new dimmer switch. I really like that I can calibrate the range based on the type of light bulb I'm using and of course the ease voice commands with my Amazon Alexa.
Works like a charm Received this within just a couple of days of ordering. Packaged well. Seems of decent quality. Installed it about a week ago. As noted by others make sure you have a neutral wire. The app found the device quickly and everything was up and running without any hiccups. I was able to add the device to my Samsung Smarthings app, and have also integrated it into my Google Home system. Price was very competitive. Will almost certainly order more.
Five Stars Works great just has a lot of updates
Easy setup. Works with flawlessly my Google Home assistant Easy setup. Works with flawlessly my Google Home assistant.
Be aware that software updates pushed from manufacturer turn this switch off! Careful where you use this to monitor power consumption. I have one on my freezer in the garage. I never turn it off. Wemo pushed a software update to it and turned it off. Fortunately I noticed before everything thawed completely but it could have just as easily been a couple days. Setting up rules to make sure it's on isn't easy - if i want to confirm it's on once an hour, need to build 24 rules. Probably better to just remove it.
Easy to set up and use with Alexa Easy to set up and use with Alexa. We used this for a plug in lamp and also have another for the Christmas tree lights. It was fun telling Alexa to "turn on Christmas!" We also have it on a schedule so it can wake our daughter up in the morning.
Easy setup and easy to use We have been using this for a month now and have had no problems with it. We used to have a motion sensor in this spot before this one. Setup was easy. And, since we don't have a ground wire here, we love having the ability to hook this one up with just positive and negative wires.
Five Stars Love these! A lazy persons dream.
The app is pretty slow at times It can be frustrating if you ever change your router or WiFi password and have to reset these things (one ain’t bad but 5 is killer).Initial setup can be frustrating and the app can be pretty slow at times, but even after all that I rate this 5 stars
totally worth it. it works like it says it will. easy peasy.
The worst smart device I have ever purchased The worst smart device I have ever purchased. In fact, you can't even call this a smart device. The app is extremely slow. The setup is flaky and slow. The device doesn't work most of the time. It's not even good paper weight. Now I have 2 of those pos. I highly recommend that you stay away from this product.
Five Stars good power control & monitoring or useage.
I really want to love these, but... I really want to love these, but the truth is they just don’t deliver. I’m using three switches in conjunction with Alexa, and while the voice functionality works fairly well (I’d say 70% of the time) if I want to control them through the WeMo app, it almost never works and I’m told the devices are not detected (screenshot attached) despite the lights being on/responding to Alexa voice commands. That is extremely frustrating when you’re out of range of an echo device or trying to simply turn off the lights without shouting. The short lived novelty of “smart home” features is difficult the justify when weighed against the inconsistent functionality and high price tag. Given that the intended purpose of these switches is to make home control easier, I’d say they fall tragically short when you take into consideration the amount of time inevitably wasted troubleshooting the devices or navigating the buggy app. Sincerely hope the tech gets there soon, but unfortunately it’s still very underwhelming.
Five Stars Really love these throughout my home paired with my Google Home
So disappointing. I am now returning the second defective Wemo switch we were sent. Our electrician is stumped and can't figure out why this does not work. He recommended a different brand and that's what we are going to try next.
Does not work with Wemo app The Dimmer does not work with the WEMO app. If you go onto the forum you will see wide spread problems with the app and this device.Guess I have to take it back out of the wall and return the product.
DO NOt BUY WEMO PRODUCTESPICALLY IF YOU USE ALEXA DO NOT BUT WEMO PRODUCTS IF YOU USE ALEXA!Over the last year I have purchased WEMO plugs and light switches. I use Alexa for both voice controls and routines to control these devices. I also have Philips Hue lights, Ring, Magic Home, ARLO, Harmony, FireTV stick, TP-Link, Sengled smart bulbs etc. Needles to say, I have a bunch of $$ invested in smart home. Well, recently I not only see my WEMO devices in Alexa but over 60 other WEMO devices which are not mine. This has broken control of my smart switches and plugs because these other devices have the same names as my devices, I call my kitchen lights "kitchen" and someone else calls their kitchen lights "kitchen". Alexa can't control them because there are multiple "kitchens". So, voice control and routines won't work. I spent several hours deleting/reinstalling apps, deleting/reinstalling devices, etc. But as soon as I "discover devices" they are all back.Another worrisome issue is that my light and other devices go on or off, it seems, randomly. I discovered that I not only "see" these other devices but, I can actually turn them on or off!. So other people can turn my devices on or off. I was quite startled when my fireplace came on by itself.After a lengthy call with WEMO tech support they said they don't know what is causing this but they have received other calls with the same problem. I was given a case number and was told to expect a call back within 48 hours.This is totally unacceptable. 1) This is dangerous, if other people can turn on my fireplace or coffee pot when I'm not around serious damage, and possible injury could occur. 2) The fact that my information is co-mingled with other's is troubling. 3) WEMO has my email, they should send out an email alerting us to this problem.For my money, I will purchase TP-Link products, they are far less expensive and I have had no issues with their light switches.
Plug and App very user-friendly Bought this for my Christmas tree so we didn't have to unplug every evening. The plug and related app are both very easy to use. We set it up so the tree lights would be on in the morning before we woke up and turn off when I left for work. Very refreshing not having to worry about leaving lights on after I leave the house. Schedules can be set for different day and time combination as well as turn on/off right from a smartphone.
Easy set-up, installed myself! I have tried multiple brands over the past couple of years and this wifi dimmer is without a doubt the best out there, for now. I love that I can long-press the button manually and have it turn off all the lights I've pre-selected through the app. I can also tell Google Home that it's time for bed and it'll follow the same rule to turn off and on certain lights. Makes it easy to get the house ready for bedtime.
Maybe I got a bad batch; it's hard to tell because technical support ... I bought four of these in March 2017. Maybe I got a bad batch; it's hard to tell because technical support (after you wait on hold for an hour) gets so far troubleshooting with you, decides it's beyond them, says they'll have to escalate the ticket, and then... *crickets.* Shame on me for not contacting Amazon to intervene with my order earlier. Instead I tried fixing the things by all means possible.. I've tried replacing my modem and router, done a million hard resets, updated the firmware, deleted the app and reinstalled... everything. With a hard reset, the plugs will work for a few minutes to a few hours if I'm lucky. Terrible functionality and technical support alike. Go with the Etekcity brand which is less than half the price and gives more data (e.g. kWh used) and is also Alexa-compatible.
Five Stars I’m impressed on how easy it was to install.
Don't waste your money! Switch gets hot to the touch, requires regularly resetting the breaker to reboot the device, and cannot relibably stay connected to wifi. Go with Zigbee or Z-Wave. For the price, I expected much more!
Buyer Beware! Just not worth the giant headache. I have an older Wemo plus and switch that we’ve had for close to two years with really no issues. I wanted to expand on my smart house set up and preferred to stay with Wemo to avoid another interface and go with a brand I had previous experience with. I have to say, what a MISTAKE! I’ve never had such an issue or so much frustration from a product that really should not be relatively straightforward! The set up seems very simple yet I spent hours trying to get this operational and it just would not connect to my network. I read a helpful review here that I needed to unplug my older style Wemo plug. So after hours of annoyance, I tried this and it immediately worked. Unfortunately, I had to move it to another outlet (literally just 2 minutes later) and it could no longer be detected. I tried to repeat the set up, reset to factory settings about 30 times and still no luck. I finally called tech support. I spent almost 2 HOURS on the phone with them and got no where! In fact the steps their tech support told me to take caused my older Wemo plug and light switch completely disappear from my app — to the point it looked like I had just installed their app. The support agent was no longer able to help and had to escalate to level 2 - telling me I will get a call in 24-48 hours. I spent another hour trying to get my devices back and while i see them now, they still show not detected about every other time I login. Bottom line, this product lacks quality and a stable and mature software to support it. Their support, while they tried, was not much help. It is absolutely not worth the frustration and as a previous Wemo customer, I am super disappointed. I returned the newer plug to Amazon, and won’t be buying ANY Wemo products again.
Long time user calls it quits! Let me start by saying smart home tech is something my life depends on. I'm a quadriplegic or paralyzed from the chest down. I cannot move anything below my chest, I have very limited arm and wrist movement and zero use of my fingers. Needless to say, my quality of life is severely affected when things I depend on do not work correctly. My house is full of smart products, thermostat, door locks, outlet plugs, light switches, irrigation, theater system, alarm system, cameras, etc. I use hubs from Apple Home Kit, Smartthings, Simple Control, Wink, Arlo, Amazon Echo, etc. I've tried hundreds of products over the past 10 yrs in an attempt to make my life easier and the most disappointing are my wemo products. Do not get me wrong, I've used much worse products, but those experiences have been cut and dry, works or doesn't work. Wemo is different, they look good, are easy to set up, have many features and work with most voice activated platforms. When they work (and they do 90% of the time) everything is beautiful but working 9 out of 10 times is useless to me. There have been too many times when I needed them to work when they don’t. At any given point, all my wemo products just disappear, I have 15 light switches and 2 plugs. They just stop working for no reason. Most of the time, this is a simple fix. Go around and restart each one with a push of a button and that normal fixes them all within a few minutes. On occasion you have to reset them to factory setting and reinstall them, but this is a quick fix too. If you decide to buy Wemo, don’t worry, you will eventually be able to do both procedures sleepwalking. After doing it 100 times, it becomes 2nd nature. If I was able to reset them myself, it would not be so bad, but I must rely on my wife since I’m physically unable and that will get old fast. I’ve tried every solution possible, updated firmware, install/reinstall, static ip/mac id, optimal wireless channels, etc. None work and nothing you do will fix the issue completely. I have almost fixed the problem many times only to have them reappear, days, weeks or months in the future. It is a known bug and Wemo has no idea how to fix it. I’ve spent countless hours on the phone with support, years searching the internet, reading articles from tech support and user forums and nothing has worked. Now I’m stuck with $500 worth of junk and weeks of wasted time I’ll never get back.
Five Stars I have 5 Mini Smart Plugs now. Works great with Alexa.
I was disappointed because the WEMO could not be used with a ... Well, first, I was disappointed because the WEMO could not be used with a two way light switch. That is not the products fault. I moved it to another location with a single switch configuration and it works GREAT. I use with my Alexa and I love it. I do however wish I could find something to control my gameroom light which has two light switches at opposite ends of the room. Maybe WEMO can make some suggestions. :)
"Alexa, turn on the Christmas tree" These have worked great for us! I had some trouble setting them up but I had purchased a new router any way so decided to wait until that was up and running. With the new router we had zero problems. We use them with our Amazon Echo. I also can say "Alexa, turn on the Christmas tree."
Easily loses connectivity Easily loses connectivity, with line-of-sight wifi router.Also, every time the wifi router reboots, the Wemo unit is incapable of reconnecting to the restarted wifi network - it has to be restarted itself (unplug/plug back).Spare your nerves, just get a TanTan smartplug 2 instead. It doesn't have these problems.
Works great until it randomly doesn't Works great until it randomly doesn't. You'll spend more time trying to set it up time and time again than you would manually turning the product (a lamp in my case) on/off again.I own the larger Wemo plug as well and it has the same issues. Avoid these products.
Junk Few days after my return window closed the POS stopped working. Great QAQC wemo, won't be buying this crap again.
Issues in dimmer wifi and its frustrating.... Possibly negative stars. I have bought 2 wemo dimmers and got it professionally installed.It worked perfectly fine for a day and since then connectivity issues, i have to toggle my main circuit breaker to get it to work for few hours.Contacted tech support and they could not help me either.My case is not escalated to next level but I am frustrated and need my money back.My case number- 09296223
I’m not rewriting my house because these guys are stupid. If there was less than one star I would award it. MUST HAVE A NEUTRAL WIRE IN YOUR HOUSE OR IT WILL NOT WORK. My house was built in 1987. I’m not rewriting my house because these guys are stupid.
Inconsistent with Google Assistant Integration Rarely works with Google Assistant. Works one day but not the next. The whole point is for this device to work with an assistant like Google or Alexa, so inconsistency in inconvenient and frustrating. I'm switching to TPLink.
Love with a big but... Installs easily but the app interface is frustrating. One thing to know: If you have two locations you need two devices for the app. Seems crazy but Belkin confirmed only ONE location per device. So if you have a vacation home or are rolling in money and have mansions in several states or counties you'll need an extra phone or tablet for each. Because of this, I would choose another brand if I were starting anew but will keep the functioning units in place. I'd have to call this one a love-hate relationship.
b"Won't sync with network! Garbage! I have the large plug, & was excited about this one. But the first one was junk (defective according to Belkin) so I returned it for a new one. Junk again! I'm disabled & don't want to impose on my neighbor to return this one, too. So expensive lesson learned! ??"
works well it works, the new version is smaller but this has been working for a long time
... bought this for a Christmas gift and it works great. My family loves it and my in laws ... We bought this for a Christmas gift and it works great. My family loves it and my in laws were able to set it all up with no problems. Hoping to get more products by wemo
Nice slim design and works well with Google Home and SmartThings I have 4 of these and they work great. I like the new slimmer design that lets you use the other plug on the outlet when this is plugged in. We have one for our bedroom light and we use then for our Christmas lights in the winter too. They are connected to the SmartThings hub and they work well with the Google Home.
... have several Wemo products and these switches are my favorite. Easy to install and setup and they work ... I have several Wemo products and these switches are my favorite. Easy to install and setup and they work like a champ.
Save yourself frustrations and look at another brand. In short, these are JUNK. I have seven of these and nothing but problems. Do a search for Wemo not connecting and look at the community string of 25+ pages and you will see what I am talking about. I Work in the tech industry and with enterprise wireless. It's not a stupid user trick here. I would have given them 5 stars after the first one or two units after a few weeks. But the longer you have them the more you will hate them. They will randomly not connect. The Wemo app will not find them but your Alexa will still control them. I could write a book on all of the stupid issues. The support postings will tell you numerous things to try and they will never totally solve the issues. (And none of the other 50 wireless devices I have used over the years have had issues like this.) I know several friends that have bought TP-Link units and never had an issue. Wish I was had not been stupid enough to buy Belkin units. I have wireless cams, Alexa units, and many other wireless devices and never had these kinds of issues. Save yourself the hassles and buy any brand but these.
Two Stars These work when they want to.Shows up sometimes then show that it is not foundOpen to ideas
Bought a couple of those and one keeps shutting down ... Bought a couple of those and one keeps shutting down randomly, talked to Belkin customer service to open a case but haven't heard back from them. I may reconsider my choice of Wemo products and switch to another connected plugs supplier.
Screwed up my router *** Do Not Buy *** It hijacked my router. Even after re-setting my router, I'm still struggling to activate my iPhone/iPhone. This thing's code is still lurking in there somewhere and screwing things up. Even after reset. Don't waste your time.
Bought several and they will not sync I purchased several. They will not sync with Google Assistant and we cannot even get them to sync with the Wemo app on an I phone. Customer service is only an 8-5 and have not been able to get through.
Easy setup, work great. I bought these to work with our Amazon Echo. They were easy to setup and work exactly as I had hoped. "Alexa, Christmas Tree lights on!" I'm finding new uses for them all the time.
Im sure WEMO is a good company, but these wifi enabled switches will slow ... I had to return the item because it slowed down my internet so much (because it runs off wifi) I replaced the wifi enabled switch with a z-wave outlet. Now i don't have slow internet now because my home automation devises aren't running off of wifi and slowing the internet down! Im sure WEMO is a good company, but these wifi enabled switches will slow your internet down so bad on your laptop that the webpage your trying to bring up will time out and your internet won't work. I couldn't even watch netflix without netflix pausing trying to connect to wifi.
Keeps losing it's connection to Google Home Only way to get it back is to turn the light on/off via the Wemo app, making the Google Home integration useless
Works with Alexa Works just like it is supposed to. Now I can turn my bedroom light on from across the room when I walk in.
It functions as long as neither it nor the wifi ... It functions as long as neither it nor the wifi lose power. If either happens then it will not reconnect to the wifi and you have to go though the setup all over again.
Often times Alexa says this switch is not responding. ... Often times Alexa says this switch is not responding. Not sure why.
Would not work in my kitchen at all and had ... Would not work in my kitchen at all and had to remove it. Even the electrician could not tell why. I tried it on my ceiling fan and so far its working ok.
Prob Bad Relay? Switch was Defective , No on/off.... Prob Bad Relay?
Good but needs to be reset monthly. Good app easy to use Solid product. Sometimes looses connection and/or Alexia cant find it. Then it just needs to be reset.
Five Stars I love them.
essentially making it useless for me to be able to control my devices ... They mostly work well, but when I lose power (which happens often at my remote Vermont house) these plug won't connect back to the WiFi network, essentially making it useless for me to be able to control my devices remotely from afar. I literally have to reset the firmware and start from scratch to get them to reconnect. If they fixed this issue, these would definitely be 5 stars cause they are great when they work.
It's a WEMO! These work most of the time. One has a problem updating their own software. The WEMO app works well. And, the Google Home & Assistant can turn things on & off.
Very annoying product. Doesn't work. Had to return it. Very annoying product.
Terrible product If you want a world of pain, definitely order this. The initial setup was a mess. The WEMO app crashed several times and when it finally seemed to be working, would not recognize the device. After a long hold and about 45 minutes on the phone with a tech, I managed to do a firmware upgrade that seemed to get the device working. Apparently I had a plug that was sitting on a shelf for a long time, but I just ordered it from Amazon. The app now can turn the light on and off. But I would like to do more, so I tried to set up a schedule to turn the plug on and off at a certain time. What a nightmare! The app has one of the worst user interfaces imaginable, but that would not be so bad if it didn't freeze up all the time. I can't tell you how many times I had to force stop and restart trying to do this. After an hour of this I simply gave up. Right now I am staring at the app, with its spinning icon "Looking for Rules" screen, even though I did manage to set up a turn on rule. I have a Google Pixel 2 phone, so I'm not running the app on old hardware or an old OS. If you value your sanity, stay away from this device.
Five Stars Great product no complaints, started to buy Wemo products 3 years ago, they all work fine
delivery was on time I'm a satisfied customer The product works the was it was designed for,no regrets,a little costly compared to its competitors,Now I have 5 products from Wemo no complaints, delivery was on time I'm a satisfied customer
Great Product, crappy instructions. I had problems setting these up but it was not the fault of the device...I have three wireless systems in my home and you MUST connect each WEMO device to the same wireless network...OR HEADACHE CITY! Once I figured that out, works FANTASTIC!
Five Stars Use it everyday, tv, stereo, lighting. awsome, will buy more
I have had nothing but trouble getting this to stay ... I have had nothing but trouble getting this to stay connected/discoverable in the web app. I am sending this back and will try another brand.
Poor Design, Setup Issues It doesn't work and it's not a network issue because I have several other smart plugs that were a breeze to setup. Poorly designed product with no clear fix available despite an issue that appears in tons of searches for problems with it's setup. At this point it's just an expensive outlet cover.
Garbage.. Garbage... Won't even work with 12 volt lamp array. The Lutron handles everything for less. This unit flickers in dimming mode.
Painful. Disconnects from wifi sporadically. Requires me to turn breaker off then on, then reset. Painful.
Useful and well built The app sometimes forgets who it is, and needs to be restarted, but the devices are high quality. I love seeing how much electricity we’re burning. My hi-fi stereo burns 90 watts. The Christmas tree was 150.
Didn’t work for me Never got it to work and returned the product to Amazon. I spent many hours resetting the plug, my phone, router, etc. and read too many online complaints about WeMo products and their customer service... so I cut my losses and spent twice as much money on an iHome plug that I like much more (and it works!).
One Star Won't connect to WiFi poor documentation and user help.
Five Stars We have 3 WEMO mini smart plugs. Very simple to use and very dependable.
Five Stars ok excelent
Five Stars ok excelent
Previously owned, defective product the box I received had obviously been opened and installed before. The box was torn, there were no wire nuts, there was no quick start guide, the labels had been removed from the product. I decided to install anyway, big waste of my time. I went and bought wire nuts and installed it. The switch worked, but could never locate the wemo network which is required to set up the wifi. Product is clearly defective and apparently I am not the only one to know about it. Somebody before me must have installed it, and it didn't work so they returned it. So Amazon sent it to me, so I could wast my time and energy with it. Thanks amazon and belkin for sending me previously owned defective product. I am going back to TP-link, never had an issue with their switches
Easy to set up works great Love this smart plug. Easy to set up works great without the need for separate hub. Works great with Alexa.
Do not buy. I have two current monitoring and two regular smart plugs. I've had two of these replaced over the last year hoping they would be better at holding the WiFi connection, unfortunately, that's not the case. I've gone as long as a month with a solid connection, and then I've had it die in minutes. Typically lasts 1-2 weeks then I have to delete it from my account, repair it to the network, re-setup the automation rules.Not worth the money. Much cheaper better-working solutions out there. I bought the Belkin brand expecting a higher quality product that the Chinese products. I was disappointed, and Belkin should be ashamed.
Works perfectly with amazon alexa! Works perfectly with amazon alexa! instructions on phone could be better linked to actual wifi installation, but it worked great once connected.
Works great to monitor my mining rig's power usage and remotely ... Works great to monitor my mining rig's power usage and remotely reboot it. Sometimes the Wemo app servers go down intermittently but they come back after a little bit.
This is our 4th one of these they are easy to use and dependable This is our 4th one of these they are easy to use and dependable. If the power goes out they still remember the settings all you have to do is download the free app. Would recommend.
I have a house full of home automation devices and this has been the worst out of all of them by far to set ... I really wanted these to work... I have a house full of home automation devices and this has been the worst out of all of them by far to set up. Actually could never get fully through set up. It would either crash out of the setup when connecting to my WiFi or couldn’t find my WiFi even when it was physically right next to it. Tried on someone else’s WiFi, same problems, tried on someone else’s phone, same problems. I had bought 2 and they were equally as frustrating to not get set up. Went online and sure enough Belkin has forums full of people with the same problems. Maybe they’ll update their archaic setup process one day, but until then this wasn’t worth all the hassle. I will be returning. Honestly cant believe there are people out there that have managed to use them, wish I could.
Completely useless - app doesn't connect to device We've had this for a few months now, and have multiple times and failed EVERY time to connect the device to the app. We have not yet been able to connect the wemo app to the device. We go through all the steps, but when it gets to the last step where it tries to connect, it just sits there spinning and trying to connect until it finally gives up. So instead of using an app to turn the light on/off (which is the sole purpose of this device), we've had to reach behind our recliner to push the tiny button on the device to turn the light on/off. Useless.
wouldnt connect with alexa. WEMO support told me to ... wouldnt connect with alexa. WEMO support told me to uninstall all hue devices and alexa stuff and then reinstall with this first.
Great!! Wireless light switch works perfectly, sometimes it takes up to 30 seconds to turn a light on or off while I am out but definitely work the price!
It doesn't work. I liked it at first. It was pretty straightforward to set up and worked well. But then I moved it from one outlet to another and the app said it couldn't connect anymore. So I deleted it and tried to set it up again and over and over again it told me it couldn't connect to my network, the same network it'd been working with for months. I spent hours trying everything - restarting my iPhone 6, restarting the modem/router, resetting the Wemo to factory settings - always to get the same result. Very frustrating because nothing changed.
Five Stars We love having Alexa turn the lights on and off for us. The set-up was challenging.
Five Stars Works well with my Goggle Home. Sometimes looses the connection but very fixable.
Four Stars Easy set up, works as well as any smart plug I've used.
shipped quickly and works great. not an electrician but was able to setup ... shipped quickly and works great. not an electrician but was able to setup pretty easily.
Happy with WeMo products I have always been very happy with WeMo products. They can be challenging to set up the first time, but once they're working, they're usually pretty reliable.
But I called support team and the explained what to do and now I'm happy with the product The reason for 4 stars is that at the beginning they did not work as I expected to. But I called support team and the explained what to do and now I'm happy with the product.
Paired up with smartthings and use with Alexa on the ... Paired up with smartthings and use with Alexa on the echo dot. You do have to pair with the wemo app first before smartthings.
Easy setup. Works as advertised Easy setup. Works as advertised.
Great item for those with sight or mobilty concerns... The 6 plug ins I own; I found easy to program in the phone app. Overall, they work well with my Google home. I found on occasion one or more would not work by voice and I would have to use my phone app.OK Google... turn all lights on or turn all lights off is great. Overall, we are very pleased.Great item for anyone with sight or mobility concerns... voice commands.
Easy to install and use with Google Assistant Very simple to install and perfect control. Good gift item for the tech minded family members.
Three Stars Not compatible with apple
Easy to setup and conveniently works with both my iphone ... Easy to setup and conveniently works with both my iphone X and Galaxy Note 8 using IFTTT.I can control it with widgets and voice commands on my phones.The reason for the 4 stars is because occasionally it won't work with my phone and have to manually push the power button on the smart plug itself.
Unreliable POS I bought this to turn on a light in the den so my dog isn't sitting at home in darkness if the wife & I are out & about in the evening. I've used it here & there while I'm at home with just a few issues. I didn't keep a log, but it worked almost every single time with only the very rare glitch here & there. The one day & needed it for it's intended purpose, to turn on the light because we were out later than usual, it didn't work. The icing on the cake was this attempt to be cute by the app & tell me "the cloud has drifted away" or some crap like that. Thanks, Wemo, but if your product fails me the one time I NEED IT, it doesn't work at all.
Love hate relationship Hate the updates
Great Product! Wemo is my favorite WiFi Switch! I say that because I have several from different companies and this one has great customer service! I use it for lamps connected to Amazon Echos. They work great!
Couldn’t get the Remote capability to work Couldn’t get the remote access portion to work. Competitors version worked just fine, so nothing with the home network.
Five Stars Works well easy install
Buggy app and disconnect often. The app they provide is so buggy and these things don't work every time. Was a pain to setup. Took like 10 tries to connect to the wifi. Away mode has no way of confirming that it is actually working and I just feel like these are not as polished as I expected. Im planning to return and try a different brand.
If you like spending your free time setting up wifi outlets these ... If you like spending your free time setting up wifi outlets these are the ones for you. Had to retry it like 20 times before it finally worked then they stopped connecting and I had to reset them. Don't feel like going through the hassle of setting these up again.
Works great with Alexa Works great with Alexa, been using it from my phone out of state,but don't know if it works because no one is home to tell me.
WEMO WORKS GREAT! WEMO Works Great! I have 9 plugs: 3 like this and 6 of the original. All work great. If they're without power for a while, they can take a little while to rejoin the network and the app is not the easiest to use. But I’ve had no problems, so I’m happy with them. I was an early adopter of the plugs, so I’ve had the original plugs for a long time now and think the build quality is good. I also have 2 switches and they work well too.
Disconnects from wifi several times a day. Constantly disconnects from wifi, even when I have it plugged in the same room as the router. Completely unreliable and can't use it.
Easy to install. Easy to install even got a non tech person like me. Love the wemo system.
Convenient and usually easy to use I love the automation these allow me with my Google Home. I've got one on a timer that adjusts for sunset every day, and I can turn them all off across the entire house with one command. I used a second in for a lamp that has a switch that's hard to reach and on an outlet that's behind some furniture. Voice control (or app control as needed) are much more convenient.The Wemo app setup wasn't hard but it was a little buggy. Sometimes the automation or commands don't work, either because of random loss of wifi connection to my router, because IFTTT is having server problems, or some other random reason that may as well be ghosts. I can always manually turn the switch on or off on the hardware, though, so I'm not stuck when things go astray.Would be 5 stars if I didn't have to rely on IFTTT to get these to work with Google Home, but the upside is that I can have the Google AI respond with any phrase of my choosing when confirming commands.
App crashing - Setup is a Joke - FAIL Purchased one, app was crashing on my iphone during setup, right after entering your wifi passphrase.Contacted Belkin support and they walked me through resetting the device and reinstalling the app. Removing all my wifi networks from my phone and they even suggested i unplug other wifi devices around my house. After going through all these troubleshooting steps they suggested i replace the device. Amazon shipped me out a new one today... exact same issue. Called support again and they suggested i buy an android phone and try again.I'm out! This is reticulations... In 2018 i expect devices like these to be very simple to setup and operate. Something my grandparents should be able to accomplish with ease. Huge FAIL
Nope! It seems like such a good idea, but the Wemo app (which controls the device) is awful. We tried many different trouble-shooting methods, but could not get these things to work. There must be better smart plugs on the market!
Product is awesome but The Belkin customer service is completely horrible one ... Product is awesome but The Belkin customer service is completely horrible one of my devices went out and it became such a nightmare to replace I just gave up don’t have the time I recommend any insurance that amazon offers because belkin wemo 1 year warranty is no good
The h/w seems fine but the Wemo app needs some serious work The h/w seems fine but the Wemo app needs some serious work. Once you get things working I wouldn't touch app settings or to add or remove another Wemo switch or device. My experience is once you do the app looses its brains and you will need to disable or delete any rules, clear cache, clear all data and then uninstall the app. Once you do that you'll have to reinstall and reconfigure from scratch. As long as Wemo has been in this business I find this unacceptable. It appears that they are penny pinching on app r&d...
Five Stars Love my wemo outlet
Very nice. Once in a while it disconnects from the ... Very nice. Once in a while it disconnects from the WiFi though.
This is the first smart plug i have ever bought and i really like ... This is the first smart plug i have ever bought and i really like it! The only thing i dislike is the clicking noise it makes when turning on and the bulky size.
One Star Dead on arrival, would not turn on.
Great to use with Amazon Echo I have 3 of these. They work very well with the Amazon Echo.
piece of junk Haven't been able to get it to work for over a month now.
Was easy to set up and program Was easy to set up and program. We used it to turn our Xmas tree lights on and off. It works well with Alexa.
Four Stars More compact than previous smart plugs. The Wemo system is robust and just works.
Worked over my 5G network!!!!! Interacts with Alex flawlessly.Highly recommend this product.
Four Stars Works like a charm
Works once set up properly. It just works.I have this hooked up with my phone and with Amazon Echo. I can control "wall socket" compatible lights with this.One thing I don't like, it takes up a lot of space for battery protected surge protector/backup.
I bought three of these smart plugs and had a terrible My guess is you’ll have to buy a hub. I bought three of these smart plugs and had a terrible, unresolvable technical issue. In summary, your WiFi router is set to automatically change channels on both 2.4 and 5Hz and this dynamic channel switching cannot be handled by the switches. For me, I would setup a switch, it would work for 1-3 hours and then go missing on the app. I called both wemo and linksys, with no resolution. Naturally, my non-negotiable is to have fast WiFi with the auto channel switching versus pick on channel, get these switches to work but have potentially slow internet.
Total piece of crap - buy only if you want to waste time and not have a working smart plug Don't buy this.Three different mini plugs, tried all the recommended tricks to fool the app, updated app twice, turn off cellular, etc, etc. Unless you want to waste a lot of time trying to debug, and still have not have a working smart plug, don't bother.The forums tell the story. Unless you have a network with no other devices, the app will not find your Wemo mini-plug, and not always then either. I expect a price drop on these pieces of crap - soon they won't be able to give them away. If they were free they would be worth what you paid for them
Five Stars Works great with Wemo app for iPhone.
Not that great So i will make this easyPros:- It was easy to install.- It functions well as a manual light switch- The app is easy to use to turn the light on and offCons:- the app rules don’t really function at all- the app/switch does nothing when paired with the nest app- when the app/switch do work with established rules it is painfully slow to respondI bought this because of the affordability compared to others on the market. I also went with this switch because of the claim of easy “works with Nest” claimed functions. In reality, this switch hardly ever works in conjunction with our other nest products. I have contacted Nest, Belkin and even went to my local Apple store to try and troubleshoot the problems and it appears that the lag or complete non working rules for turning lights on or off is unresolvable currently. I am hoping that a future app or firmware update fixes this but as of now the switch just does not function with Nest’s home/away features
Love this little gadget Love this little gadget. I have a lamp behind furniture and it's always a pain to get to. This is nice to be a let to set a timer to have it turn on/off. I loved it so much I bought a few more! Super easy to set up!
The electrical outlet were better. The switch fades in & out of my network. Also unable to do firmware upgrade. The electrical outlet were better.
Five Stars works great
DO NOT BUY! Long time user of WeMo switches and will now be switching over to GE Z-wave DO NOT BUY! Long time user of WeMo switches and will now be switching over to GE Z-waveDO NOT BUY THIS ITEM!!! Customer Service took weeks to get back to me by email, and a month to finally call me. They will keep pointing to the wifi router and blame everything but their own product....well..well.. i had Optimum service with an optimum router located only 15 feet away with no obstruction (no glass or walls) and it did not work!...a week later I switched to verizon Fios with a BRAND NEW router and guess what? IT DID NOT WORK EITHER!! The item is not defective, it is just that the platform is not stable. I have been using WeMo switches all over my house since they came out and waited a long time for a dimmer to become available, PLEASE DO NOT buy this item, it is terrible, it keeps losing connection, you need to keep resetting it only to find out the next day you will need to repeat the procedure. I have since switched over to GE z-wave dimmer switches that cost HALF the price!! I will systematically remove ALL WeMo switches from my house, i am completely unsatisfied with the stability of their product.Timeline:10/26 i complain about the product and they decide to send me a new one1/18 WeMo "customer service" finally calls meHere is my case# in case anyone from Belkin wants to take the trouble and see that everything i said is valid: case number: 09154655
Works great This is my Fifth one, Love these.
One Star I cannot get it to work?
Works great with Alexa Present for my 80 year old mother. We attached to Alexa and she loves it.
Five Stars Easy to set up can still use 2nd plug. Great little gadget.
Five Stars Great wireless switch!
Plug will be out of reach so this makes it useless. This is the second one thinking something was ... Get it working one day and it does not work the next day. Can't figure out why. Plug will be out of reach so this makes it useless. This is the second one thinking something was wrong with the first but no such luck. Alexa seems to be only good for playing music.
Would not recommend. Never wanted to connect to my WiFi and it’s the same brand that makes this device. Would not recommend.
I want to love it. But I don’t. When it works it’s fantastic. I have trouble with it disconnecting. Was going to buy a few more but I doubt i will unless they do some changes. Don’t let me stop you. Just try one out and see before you go buy several of them.
Good device with multiple uses Good way to simplify my mornings. The box and presentation are nice. The app has a little leg.
Five Stars easy to install and link with phone and alexa.
Excited to use when we travel It’s more of a novelty when we are home, but the set up is super easy and it will be so much better than the standard timers we’ve been using to make it look like we’re home when we travel.
Fail. Its 2018 and this thing cannot even do IOT 101 of staying connected to wifi. It just disconnects after the initial setup never to be seen online again. Factory reset, setup again and the same behavior. Returned back. Shame on Belkin.
Great switch, not perfect, but I'd buy it again. This switch is great, with a few small flaws.Let me start by saying this switch works exactly as advertized.The issue is that installation is a little bit awkward. In my experience, most switches don't require the extra "white" constant power line. It's fine that this switch does, but it might cause hesitation in someone who has not used all four wires in a switch before.The great benefit of these switches and smart power supply switches is their simplicity. This switch is fine, but more complicated than most random other switches. If you don't need the functionality of a smart switch, this is a waste, even a hinderance.My other small complaint is this switch occasionally looses signal. It is near my router, and installed correctly, in a bay which only houses it, but it just occasionally disconnects. It's rare enough, it has never caused any trouble for me, but assuming it is the fault of the switch, it could be a problem for some.
Works like an absolute charm Works like an absolute charm. Dimmer is controllable by wifi as well as cellular signal. You could go to the beach and put a light on dim for your pet which is a win for me.
I really like the idea of a smart home and with WeMo ... I really like the idea of a smart home and with WeMo switches commanding a premium price, you’d think that each time they do a firmware update it wouldn’t mess up your system! Alas it seems that every time it updates alexa can’t find the device for a few hours.
One Star 2 years this month and it's dead
Perfect Got it for my wife for Christmas, loves it. Pretty fast app, easy set up
Thumbs Up Thumbs Up
garbage.. please avoid at all cost Wifi doesn't work.. garbage.. please avoid at all cost..
Works great and has lots of schedule options on the free phone APP. Works great! On the free APP you get information as to how many watts of power is currently being supplied to the connected appliance(s), estimated cost per month and total cost for the day. You can easily set up schedules to turn it on and off. You can choose to have the App notify you when the device turns on, like I do when the automatic cat feeder turns on.
Love this with Alexa Nothing more satisfying than telling Alexa, “turn the light off.” I often ponder what I’ll hook up next to one of these. Set up was a breeze. I also like the new shape. It’s small and leaves plenty of room for the other outlet.
Go for TP-Link instead I'll never buy another wemo product again. Constant problems with firmware updates and connection/detection issues. I don't have any problems with my TP-Link products, that are far superior.
BAD WEMO! After a power outrage, it stopped working. It could not connect to my wifi anymore. I tried multiple troubleshooting suggestions with no results. BAD WEMO!!!
tried for 2 hours to get the outlet to recognize ... tried for 2 hours to get the outlet to recognize my wifi (at&t uverse) without any success. such a simple thing but so frustrating when it doesnt work. taking ti back and buy another brand.
One Star Could not get this paired with anything. I tried so many times. It intermittently would interfere with my wifi
Five Stars Love these dimmers! Have two of them now. Super easy to use, and command with Google Home Automation.
I'm happy Nice little product. No complaints. Quality feeling, nice materials. The app and google home integration work as advertised.If I had to complain, I'd say the faceplate was a little flimsy since it mounts to the switch and not the wall. It wouldn't sit as cleanly with textured walls.
Easy 3-Way Circuit Installation While the paperwork says it is "Not compatible with 3-way (multi location control) switches", we used a little engineering logic and got it installed in our kitchen 3-way light circuit (2 switches). When we opened the electrical box in the wall where we want to install the Wemo, and we saw the Romex circuit jacket with Red, White, Black, and Green/bare wires coming up thru the bottom of the box. Then we saw another set of White, Black, and Green/bare going up through the box to the overhead ceiling light circuit.So, obviously we connected all the Green/bare wires together. Connected all the White wires together. Now here was the tricky part. The bottom circuit has the traditional hot Black wire, and a second control Red wire coming from the other 3-way switch across the kitchen room. Since the Red wire is really controlling the ON-OFF power between the two existing kitchen switches, it was logical to assume this Red wire was a Hot Power wire (just like the Black) from the other kitchen switch. The Wemo has 2 Black wires to connect to. One is the power IN, and the other is power OUT--as per the instructions, it makes no difference which one we connected to (nice). So we connected the Red control wire to one of the Wemo Black wires, and then connected the other Wemo Black wire to the two existing Black wires in the wall box (remember: one hot Black is coming from the other kitchen switch and the other hot Black is going up to the lights in the ceiling. ). We connected all 3 Black wires together---at first kind of strange, but think about it: we wanted power on all the time, and let Alexa control the On-Off function. Sure enough, the unit worked.Here is the downside. As long as the other 3-way kitchen switch is OFF, Alexa and Wemo work just fine. The good news is, we can still manually turn On-n-Off the light circuit with the other kitchen switch (old habits are hard to die)---but when we do that, it kills the power to the new Wemo switch and Alexa does cannot find it to control it. But we just have to get used to using Alexa, and keep the other regular 3-way kitchen switch in the 'off' position---pretty simple.The one complaint we have is that we had to go thru a double WiFi process. Unlike the Phillps Hue light bulbs, where Alexa recognizes the light bulb within the Alexa phone app Smart Home/Add Device commands (nice-n-easy/simple 1-2-3)-----another new Wemo App must be downloaded, then use this new App to search for the Wemo wifi using your phone Settings Wifi routine, then pair with the Wemo wifi, then update the Wemo software (it asked me if we wanted to update to the current version--obviously yes), and once it is paired with the Wemo wifi, we had to go back to the Alexa App and do the Smart Home/Add Device search to find the Wemo Switch. Sure wish these other 3rd party manufacturers figure out how Phillips Hue did it, and install the same chips, etc in their products, thus avoiding the added Wemo App work. If I asked any of my other family members to do this installation, their eye balls would just fall out---it was tough enough to get the family trained to just do a simple telephone Settings/Wifi search when we go to other friends homes, let alone a double process for this Wemo product. Please make it simple plug-n-play.Now that we have gone thru the PITA APP process, we will buy more to install, as we are very satisfied with the product performance.
Not reliable Compared to TP-link it's bad. The configuration is much harder.Also the app isn't reliable
Three Stars It works, but it's a just a little too bulky
I've got three of these set up and they just painlessly perform on both Alexa and Google Home I've got three of these and they just painlessly perform, without hiccups or frustration, on both Alexa and Google Home. The app is easy to use and the small size means it does not block the adjacent plug.
Great! Easy install. Works very time.
Does not work with Android consistently. With Android devices there is a network switching issue and it is more than manually changing the setting. I get one of the two set for a while, then it drops. New was able to get a 2nd connect...at two different locations a networks (moved households)
Works Great. No issues. I use this with the IFTTT app and it works great. The Wemo app also works great.
Easy to set up Unreliable. Easy to set up, but difficult to make changes and is not working well with my Google Assistant. I bought during Black Friday weekend for $20 each with the intention of setting up more eventually. They worked ok until I tried moving them and changing the device names, now one does not work consistently. I could rate more than one star, but if it does not work all of the time what is the point of having at all?
Five Stars LOVE WEMO! easy to set up and use!!!
Utter garbage The most unreliable, unsecure, and unusable piece of trash. You literally can not pick anything worse.Setup instructions make no senseOut of the box, I tried updating firmware and the device bricked itself and started flashing yellow. Only holding the power button made it usable.Other people with wemos on the same wifi had access to mine and there is no way to revoke accessOther people randomly shut off my wemo twice in the month I've had thisWhen building power was lost and restored, I couldn't turn the wemo back on through the app. Could only turn it back on physically by pressing on the power button but but the device was flashing orange (bricked again)What kind of device bricks itself when power is lost and restored? Every single function this thing is supposed to have does not work, why the hell is it on the market?
... to be desired but once set up it works like a charm The app and the set-up leave a bit to be desired but once set up it works like a charm. Alexa integration works well.
15 minutes to install, 180 minutes to fail and give up! Got a loaner Light Switch from a friend that had a brand new spare just lying around to test if it was something I could get into; I have several smart wall plugs from TP-Link and they have been a great purchase. Installation is pretty straight-forward, it took about 10 to 15 minutes to have the switch connected, but nothing prepared me for the ordeal that was setting the switch up in the app. I spent around 3 hours restarting + resetting and hoping that somehow this time things would be different and that it would be the last time I would have to capture my email in the app and wait for it to not hang while it tried to discover new wemo gadgets. After about 10 tries, the app somehow crashed into a screen where the switch was listed, but alas, not connected (?). Wifi signal is strong, no metal plate, no excuses, this thing is horrible. Will most certainly return this to my friend and stick to Tp-Link brand smart products.
Save your time and money unless you want another toy. So far it seems to be a fancy and expensive way to do the same thing that simple mechanical devices do more reliably. Reliability seems to be a common complaint. Mine goes back.
very easy to install very easy to install, connect to wifi and Alexa.able to control a light by speaking to Alexa, remotely via iPhone and by automatic time of day settings.
I got 4 years out of mine. It was ... I got 4 years out of mine. It was novel when I got it - but do not buy the in wall products if you expect them to last long you'll just be tearing apart your outlet replacing it before you know it.
I also bought a smart plug from another brand that works perfectly It definitely doesn’t work!! It gets disconnected every time that I try to use. I already resets it many times, so it works one or two times and then it appears as in the app as “ looking for devices” . I also bought a smart plug from another brand that works perfectly! So I do not recommend wemo
They keep going offline. No echo or app access. I have to say, not loving these...I bought a set of to two, intending on adding more to work with our Echo Show....initial set up was easy. I was able to turn things on and off with Alexa, had timer or could manually turn on and off at outlet...but after a couple weeks, I cannot keep them online. So they are pretty much useless. I am thinking of going all less expensive remote control outlets for my first floor.
if you are like me, you will persist anyway and possibly resolve ... I purchased two of these. Each one worked until at some point it will lose its connection to WiFi. Once that happens, the amount of time spent with tech support, restarting wifi, reinstalling the app, attempting to reset factory settings, etc. consumes more time than the device itself will save over its lifetime. However, if you are like me, you will persist anyway and possibly resolve it. Then, the same problem will happen again, and the recovery procedure will then fail. Eventually you may find yourself like me regretting the purchase, and finding a better solution which does not suffer from the same defects. I cannot recommend this product at all.
Worst smart home hardware and software out there. I changed internet providers and needed to convert all 24 WiFi devices to my new home network. Of course computers, iPhones, iPads, TV's were easy. Our Nest smoke detectors and Amazon Alexa devices were easy too.Due to Belkin's buggy firmware and software it took hours to update three WeMo devices to the new network! To make the conversion, the latest iPhone/Android app is required. The sleezy thing Belkin does is to force their customers to provide an email address to activate the app. Then in less than 24 hours, Belkin started spamming me with emails. Arrghhh. This is my last Belkin purchase EVER!
The TP-L switch bundled with my echo dot performs much better. The mini smart plugs I received suffer from frequent firmware update failures. Total J U N K !
Belkin needs to work out many issues Dificult to program. I hired an electrician to run a neutral wire to the switch. Worked will fot one week and Froze up. Now I am unable to turn oo the switch. I guess I will call the electrician back?
Spend your money on a more robust smart plug. Bait and switch with this product. The product software appears to have changed since I purchased and received the product - like immediately after I received it. It no longer functions as described prior to purchase. No alternating on/off features. Plain and simple...bait and switch.
Five Stars Awesome product.
Nope! The device could not find my WiFi network on channel 11 which was auto selected due to congestion from neighbors. I forced my network to channel 6 then the Wemo could find it. This caused my neighbors to move to channel 11 due to congestion. I was a bad neighbor.Then the Wemo would loose connection at least once per day and not recover even though the thing was only 6 feet from the router. Factory reset and setting up again was the only thing that would recover it. As others have said if you aren't there to fix it you are out of luck. Useless junk.I emailed support and received no answer. Waste of time. I sent it back.
Makes it useless if you're not home to fix it If I could give it less than 1 star I would. This switch disconnects from the WiFi at least once a day. Makes it useless if you're not home to fix it. Waste of time and money. Appears to be a wemo software problem. We have a Nest camera connected to the same wifi and no problem at all.
The best looking dimmer on the market, very easy and intuitive to use. To address some concerns I see, this switch does not seem to disconnect any more often than any of my other devices, which includes a huge array of providers (LIFX bulbs, TP-Link bulb, TP-Link outlet, iHome Control outlet, Magic Home LED, SmartThings hub, etc.)It is a bit frustrating when it disconnects, but the same with any of my other devices, so I can't hold that against WeMo/Belkin at all.The other big con I have is that the other WeMo devices have SmartThings, but the dimmer switch doesn't. It's one of the biggest reasons I only have one of them on the main light and not on every one in the house. It's still quasi-automated with IFTTT, but it's a bit of a pain.Also a con (but not for me) is that it doesn't work with 3-way switches (where one light is controlled by multiple switches). My house doesn't have any of those, so it's a non-issue for me.Now for the pros: This is 110% absolutely the BEST looking dimmer switch on the market, by an enormous margin. Most of the other dimmers look like hot garbage with random buttons/levers strewn about, or the standard paddle with a thumbnail slider on the side. This one looks and feels like Tesla of in-wall dimmers.It's very easy to install, almost couldn't be easier. I've wired in outlets and switches before, but they really make this a "light switch for dummies", with the stickers and color coded leads, I'd be surprised if most people couldn't install it themselves with little prior knowledge.It's also very very intuitive to use in my opinion. Click pretty much anywhere on the bottom half of the switch to turn it on. If it's on and you slide your finger up and down, it will brighten and dim. If it's off and you slide your finger, it will set the level that it *will* turn on to when you click it. It also shows a tiny dim light showing what level the light was last on/will turn on to when it gets turned on. Takes about 10 seconds to get used to, and you'll spend about 10 minutes sliding your finger on it, at least I did...It also becomes a conversation piece because of how sleek it looks.Using the app, IFTTT, etc you can program some really cool features into it. The "pretend someone is home/nighttime mode" is neat, but a little basic for what I wanted. I've got some more recipes through IFTTT that give me more control over that kind of thing, including toggling it on/off when motion detectors are triggered.You can even set it to dim after a certain time (like midnight) so when you turn it on late at night you don't blind yourself because you left it at 100% when you last turned it off.I got mine for $50 at Best Buy, and I would absolutely LOVE to get more, but I'll wait until there's a sale. However if they introduce SmartThings support (even with SmartThings Labs), I'll absolutely buy more at the full price.edit: I've seen some people say things about the profile of it messing up their multi-gang covers, the one I have installed is in a 2-gang box with a standard switch/slider dimmer next to it and it looks great and doesn't mess with the 2-gang cover at all.
Easy to set up So far so good. Was easier to install than the tp-link ( returned) and also responds better and faster. So far everytime i uses alexa it turns my device on or off. Lets see how long that’s gonna last.
Five Stars Works great with my google home! Excatly what I wanted!
The perfect smart controller for and electrical item Just plug and play. The perfect smart controller for and electrical item. I will be getting more in the future as I upgrade my home to a "Smart Home."
I have plenty of Wemo products in the house. ... I have plenty of Wemo products in the house... I have more problems with this dimmer than all my other devices combined. It loses it's connection and ability to be controlled by my Alexa/Echo frequently.
Five Stars Setup was a struggle but i got it and it works great
One Star Loses wifi connectivity all the time. I got replacements and the same issue.
Won't work where I need it. Okay, sorry to gripe because I'm sure it's a very useful product. I finally got around to trying to install it and it's very, very particular about where it can be installed. I purchased it to run outdoor lighting, but it's not capable of working on a three-way switch, which, is how many outdoor lights run. So, options are very limited to install on a single switch. So, it in effect becomes a $50 light switch.
Works Well.... When it works Does what it says it will do, Dims lights and works with Alexa... That is, when it stays connected to the wifi. I have about 7 of these installed along with about 20 of the cheapie Lausatek on/off switches and plugs which connect and stay connected FLAWLESSLY to the wifi. However, the Wemo dimmers pretty much drop off whenever they feel like it. I've updated firmware and done just about everything tech support and Google suggests (Static DHCP, AES/TKIP, Channel changes), yet when sending an Alexa command these will respond about 70% of the time, sometimes taking up to a minute to actually respond to the command. The Lausateks respond every single time. If anyone else had a better wifi dimmer solution at <$70 I'd send these puppies back in a heartbeat.Also, the LED ring is very bright at night in a bedroom setting... for $70 I'd like to be able to have control of the ring and for that matter the colored light bar as well... Would make a cool nightlight for entertaining. At this point its only use is during initial setup and status when the dimmer is activated.
Why call it smartplug when the wireless range is pathetic ? The wireless range for the device sucks and its inconsistent. After struggling to get it detected and set it up in the room I planned it initially, I had to move it around and get it setup close the Router to even detect and complete the setup. All my other wireless devices have a good range but not this one. Even after setup, this one has a brain of its own, I tried setting it up with both Google Home and Alexa and once a while they both cant detect this damn thing. I have to unplug and replug for this piece to work. I felt irritated since my wife bought a similar smart plug from bestbuy with Insignia brand and that one works better than this so called Belkin Wemo. Bad product for the price paid. Wouldn't recommend or buy another one. Why call it a smart plug when 5/10 times it doesn't do its job, home automation is the whole intend of someone buying this and it fails terribly.
i am lazy Instead of getting an expensive coffee pot with a timer, or a Wemo enabled coffee pot, I bought one of these and a $15 Mr. Coffee pot, set it to my Alexa morning routine, and it works great. You need to use a coffee pot that has a toggle switch so it's always "on" and no matter how often I ask, Alexa will still not load the water or grind the beans. Or throw away the filters or clean the machine. Wow, making coffee is a lot of work, it's tiring me out just thinking about it. I think I need a cup of coffee.
The Wemo Mini Smart Plugs are a fantastic evolution from their predecessors The Wemo Mini Smart Plugs are a fantastic evolution from their predecessors. Unlike the older versions and similar models, these neatly fit in just one socket and leave the bottom or top open for use without obstructing the space. It is easy enough to install, too - especially if you already have experience with other WiFi enabled devices and Echo/Alexa. The app is fairly intuitive; setting up schedules is a breeze.My only complaint (or suggestion, really) is that the app should allow you to "batch" multiple plugs together with the Echo/Alexa - similar to how you can batch them in the app's scheduling feature. I purchased a bunch of these, and two of them are specifically controlling lamps at either end of a couch. However, each lamp is plugged into a different Wemo Smart Plug, so I have to name them separately and call out two commands to Alexa, instead of just one. It would be far more fluid to just say "Alexa, turn on the living room lamps" than "Alexa, turn on the living room lamp" and "Alexa, turn on living room lamp 2". It's possible this feature is accessible and I've just missed it, but I don't think that's the case. Happy to be wrong on that, though.
Difficult to set up & connect to Amazon Echo. I COULDN'T Difficult to set up & connect to Amazon Echo.I tried with an I Phone Kindle HD Fire 8 and windows 7 PC.Previously tried TP Link Switch and TP-Link LB110 BulbThe TP-Link switch worked well but the SMART Bulb kept DICONNECTING
Works pretty good most of the time sometimes the app just ... Works pretty good most of the time sometimes the app just can't find The switches
Five Stars Works great especially with Alexa
Horrible mobile app, horrendous set up and won't update firmware. Horrible mobile app, horrendous set up and won't update firmware.Took me 2 hours to get connected to my home network. It didn't like the fact I was using a network extender upstairs. Eventually got it fixed and working. The app then notified me that there was a firmware upgrade available. I've tried multiple times to install it but keep getting an upgrade failed error. Given up as it is working good enough for now. I use an IFTTT app to turn it on and off and it works great in that respect.
I am slowly updating my house and this has been a great addition, now we can use our amazon echo ... What can I say, I am slowly updating my house and this has been a great addition, now we can use our amazon echo to turn on lights around the house before we even get to that room.
Smart Plug -- Smart Help! Love this. It works with my Alexa/Echo Dot and lamp to turn on my lights with verbal command.
Short term use product not worth installing Worked for a week very hard to re set up if you changed your WiFi router
Plays well with other systems these work pretty well great for monitoring usage plays well with other brands
Fantastic Oh gosh this was perfect! I am able to set up on and off from the Wemo app! It’s amazing! Love it. Thank you Amazon!
Love this thing Very cool energy monitoring option
Five Stars Works like a charm.
Four Stars Setup is not as easy as advertised, but it did work after 30 minutes of trying.
Great product - easy to use! Used these for our under counter and over cabinet lights. Works very well. We tied the Wemo plugs to our Amazon Dot so we can turn the light on and off through Alexa.
Five Stars Easy to set up and use
Won't connect after a few months --- WORST SUPPORT Stopped working after just a few months. It can't even see my wifi network. I've got ssids for both my 2.4ghz and a 5ghz networks. It can't pickup either of them. Really annoying.UPDATE, i spent an hour today on the phone with their support people. Literally the most frustrating experience. They did everything they could to not create a return. Now I have to pay to ship this cheap crappy device back.
I would love to have a product that works These devices doesn’t work reliably. Sometimes everything works and then suddenly device not recognizedor does not work. I would suggest you not purchase and buy a more reliable product. All of mine, 4, are going in the trash where they belong. I have been using for 3 years and the same problems occur over and over again. I would love to have a product that works.
Nightmare to connect! This is a nightmare to connect! You can’t connect it to Alexa until after you get it set up in the WEMO app. You can’t do that unless it finds your home WiFi. After all the troubleshooting, it still won’t connect. Sending it back!
Seems a Little Extravgant Until You Start Relying On Them! I really like these plugs and use them with our Alexa Dots, Tap and Echos. They're only controlling lamps right now and not heavier load appliances but the convenience is still great! At first I thought, how lazy am I that I need to control my lights with my voice, but then I tried it. There's something to be said about turning on the room lights when you walk in with an arm full of groceries, or your heading into a dark basement office!
Short lived functionality I loved these switches for the first few weeks. However now that I am 750 miles away I don’t have connectivity through my phone. Therefore worthless for my needs
Easy to install, works directly with smart device, don't need a base station. Hey google turn off the lamp. Its just that easy,
Unreliable connections. Avoid this generation. Extremely unreliable. I frequently open the iOS Wemo app and see that it is not connecting for local access. That means I have to reset it. That takes a few minutes. Over the last few weeks, this routine has gone from monthly to every-other-day. I don't know if it's bad firmware bugs or just bad quality software/hardware, but in any case, it's really not fun having to deal with it. If you go to Wemo forums you can see how common these problems are. I would avoid this product and go with a more reliable competitor, or just hold off on this generation of products.Update: I reached out to Wemo and they took me through about 20 steps that I've already taken (reseting etc). And of course my local connection went out again a few days later. They have zero interest in doing anything about the root causes of these issues. Totally half baked product. However, I'm happy to say that my iDevices plug continues to be connected without any problems for over 10 weeks now. So consider trashing your Wemo switches and moving to their superior competitors.
This product was great at first This product was great at first, but started dropping the connection and had to reset multiple times. Firmware is up to date. Went online to find the process to fully reset. Waiting to determine if this process fixed the problem.
DO NOT an CANNOT recommend with Philips Hue bulbs - does not support Hue ... DO NOT an CANNOT recommend with Philips Hue bulbs - does not support Hue smart bulbs with wemo dimming function - only has an on/ off capability. Belkin has a subpar online and phone customer support - Secondary tier support never calls back. The only bright side is that this wemo dimmer does work with dumb dimmable bulbs.
WeMo App Limited to a single Wi-Fi network I bought a set of these to control devices at two different locations. WeMo hides this information, but the Wemo app cannot talk to devices on more than one Wi-Fi network. This includes someone who has a different network downstairs and upstairs. In my case when I added a device in my second home, it removed the listing for the first home so I had no way to turn the heat back as I was driving back. Big limitation when controlling remote devices.On the plus side the slim form factor is nice
The hardware seems fine. But the software that I downloaded from to ... In short - too many software glitches. The hardware seems fine. But the software that I downloaded from to my phone kept locking up. When it did work, it would lose the settings. I reinstalled three times, then eventually sent the plug back. That's too bad because I was excited to start using this plug.
Five Stars ok
Wemo plug Works as advertised.
Amazon says 2 stars = I don't like it. That is the perfect description for this review. An unfortunate and tedious process for a security minded customer. I should've read the reviews before I unwrapped the packaging on the device. Hopefully Worst Buy won't ding me for it. I literally spent THREE hours fiddling around with the device to set it up on my network. In the end, there were a lot of stupid things that this device limits you to, in order to use it. I said, "Screw it! Back to the store it goes!"If you have a router within a router - this device WILL NOT WORK on the inner router. (Yes, I definitely disabled all security on it to test this out!)If you have special characters (in my case, an underscore "_"), this device WILL NOT WORK on the router. (Yes, I tested this on the main router!) The only time it would work easily was when I had a guest wifi up, with no passwords and no MAC filtering. LOL. Okay.I am not sure about the other reviews stating WPA or WPA2 restrictions, but I am going to assume that's correct. Damn shame. This device would've been my go to since it was smaller than the other "fat" smart plug I had.Don't get me wrong. I was able to use it for all of the 5 minutes (on the unsecured, no password, non MAC filtered, guest Wifi, on my MAIN outer internet facing router) It worked fine then. Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut anything with security? LOL. Cya. I'm okay with "beta" testing some of these devices for the companies, but I'd like to get paid for it, please. smh. Best of luck to anyone reading this AFTER the fact. If you are reading the reviews before, then you are SMART and I hope this review (along with the many other reviews!) has helped you.Other notes: If my memory serves correct, I believe the device (or maybe the app) was on version 1.19. When I *was* connected to the internet, it did not ask for firmware updates (even when I checked), so I can only assume I was on the latest. The previous statement is not true if it takes more than 5 mins for the device to determine and notify me via app that it has a new FW update (that's all the time I spent using it successfully.)
Won't stay connected to the internet Hasn't worked since day one. Have tried to reset it several times. Just won't stay connected. It's useless if it isn't available when you want to use it. I've purchase many Belkin products over the years, all of which have worked as advertised. This one is a dud.
Works perfectly with Alexa or your Wemo app Easy to install and works great. I’m trying to install as many as I can in my house to make it smart. Plus you can use Alexa to control your lights, as well as Yonomi for routines.
Not for Google Home Extremely difficult to make it work with Google Home. The direct method using the Google Home app did not work. I have to use IFTTT protocol with required needing an additional account and an additional app on the phone. I expect modern products should be plug and play and if they are not they should not be advertised as supported. I wish I have given up earlier and returned this.
One Star total junk
Five Stars Works well
Terrible WiFi Connection This device is terrible. Hoping Wemo / Belkin provide an update in the near future so I can change rating.At best, it stays connected to WiFi for 3-4 hours. Resetting is easy but, I shouldn't have to or if it does lose.connection, it should just reset self.Other Wemo (outlets) I have are great which is why I chose a Wemo dimmer.
Don't buy this. I'm an IT guy and have ... Don't buy this. I'm an IT guy and have installed many smarthome devices in my house. After an hour of trying to get it to work, packed it up and shipped it back. Purchased the Leviton DZPA1. Setup in two minutes. I use this with WINK and also works perfectly with Alexa / Echo.
I love that it only takes up one outlet Very straight forward directions. Got it integrated with Alexa in around a minute. I love that it only takes up one outlet.
stay away... documented issues connecting to wifi that are unresolved by vendor Not my first rodeo... worst installation experience ever.. won't connect to wifi at all. I purchased three of these and not a single one of them will connect to the wifi network. rebooted the switch... rebooted the router... the switch sees the network but refuses to connect. I searched on line for an answer and found a string of tirades from other users regarding this issue along with plenty of criticism for Belkin's support and their inability to help. For a $70 wall switch this shouldn't be an issue. Shame on you Belkin. I should have purchase the tp link product... their stuff works! I spent a full hour on the phone with Wemo support and ended up with an escalation to Level 2 that wont call before 24 to 72 hours.... not happy.Update: Level 2 t3ch unable to help. tried installing using iPhone, i pad and two different android units all with the exact same result. Returned them and got Lutron on the advise of a technician who i also had look at it. also, I wrote a similar poor review on the manufacturers site and got a note from them that it did not meet their standards and they refused to post. I will never purchase another Wemo or Belkin (parent company) product again and would not recommend them to anyone... poor technology and useless support.
One of my best purchases. I sleep with a fan on at ... One of my best purchases. I sleep with a fan on at night. Now when I’m comfortable in bed I can say ‘alexa turn on fan’ and I stay warm and comfy in bed.
Love these wemo switches Love these wemo switches. This is my 4th one. The app is easy to use and gives a ton of custom options.
Reliable product I love this. I can control my lights from anywhere.
Dimmer works get and ties into alexa Easy set up and works well
Solid Product Nice way to modernize a home or room. Connected to Alexa easily and quickly. Wiring was simple and it fits perfectly and easily. Product works as described if not better.
BE CAREFUL WHEN YOU PURCHASE. MAY NOT CONNECT TO YOUR DEVICES. Im into tech items and this item is Not as described, it was unable to connect to the devices it lists as compatible with. Amazon wont offer a refund or return so im stuck with the item.
Other people controlling your plugs. I have two and gave two as a gift. Before giving them, i tested them out at my place. Now, because of the way their database is set up, she and i have unwanted control over all four plugs. My lights turn on every time she wakes up and tells her Google Home to turn on the lights. Scares the daylights out of me every time.WeMo does not offer a way to remove a device from its cloud database. So you're stuck.When i first contacted support about this, they were adamant that it was Google's fault their devices are unsecured. After several days and several methods of contacting their support team, I finally got someone to escalate my issue to the team that could remove my info from the cloud.This took about three weeks. Once I got to that point i realized how much time i had wasted, and decided to return their plugs and buy a kisslink instead. Been happy with my decision.
Would have been 5 except for a setup issue I've got a bunch of wemos around the house.Sometimes they can be a bit picky on set up.This one required two passes to get it to work.Other than a potential challenging setup, good stuff.
I didn't buy it for myself. I purchased this for someone else.
They make my life so easy. All I have to say is "Alexa turn ... I use these with an Alexia dot. They make my life so easy. All I have to say is "Alexa turn on the lamp" and boom its on. We have them all over the house!
Works perfectly! Purchased 3 Wemo Mini's and they work perfectly for my applications so far. I have two setup to turn on at sunset and off at a specific time (bedtime!). One is used for a behind the TV light and the other is for a Curio light and a lighted palm tree connected via a cube adaptor plugged into the Mini. The third one is to turn on and off a curling iron at a specific time on weekdays only for my wife so that the curing iron will be preheated when she is ready to use it. Also, after a day or two, all three units got the latest updated firmware with no problems. There is a learning curve in setting these up, but after the first one the other two were easy. I will eventually start adding other Wemo smart units down the road as needed.
Five Stars Bought for daughter.. I think she likes
Buyer Beware- PRE-BETA I purchased 8 of these plugs and what a waste of time and money. I went through the set up and they seem to work fine. Over time they just keep going off line and require CONSTANT resetting. I bought them for lamps where the plug is behind a dresser or similar and they seem to work for a while and then just go off line requiring me to move the furniture, reset the plug and start over. The WEMO app is not even BETA in my opinion. It requires a "firmware update" nearly every day. The app is really Micky Mouse.
We use them to control our outdoor floodlights We have Wemo dimmers on many of our inside lights, but purchased these to control our outdoor flood lights with Alexa (who needs dimmers on those?).They work exactly as expected.As for ease of installation, my husband has better-than-average electrical skills (he's not a professional electrician but *does* work in technical theater where electrical and wiring knowledge is required), plus we've already installed a few Wemo devices in our home. So, unfortunately, I can't speak to how simple or straightforward this particular installation may be.I can say, however, that we made a successful modification on the first switch he installed - we combined the wiring for two separate flood lights in the backyard, previously controlled by separate switches located right next to one another, so they'd be controlled by the same Wemo switch. That took a little bit of time and trial and error, especially since I think our grounding wire situation wasn't exactly like the installation diagrams, but it made sense for our purposes and now works exactly as we had hoped!Shutting down the house is now as easy as a single phrase to Alexa - no more looking through windows and checking all the light switches before heading to bed anymore. :)
Good but needs to work better They work just tough to get on the Network and keep on the network, at least for us. It has gotten more stable.
Reliable After experimenting with some cheap imports, we tried the Wemo plugs (Belkin) and couldn’t be more pleased. Easy setup and reliable operation.Using with Echo/Alexa
Horrible app Tried for an hour and a half to connect to my WiFi. No luck even after switching routers, reinstalling app. Really wanted a switch to connect to my Alexa but clearly this isn’t the one. I’m returning this.
So unreliable, it’s not worth it. When it works... it’s amazing. Especially using Alexa. I just tell it to dim to any percentage and it does it in apx 3 seconds. However, it constantly drops WiFi despite being 5 feet away from a high end router. I’m constantly having to reset the switch which makes you go through the entire setup process on the app. And the last 3 weeks it hasn’t worked at all. It will drop WiFi within 5 minutes of resetting it. For the most part this thing is garbage and can only be used as a manual dimmer. But even thats a challenge considering the sensors used to adjust the dimmer are barley adequate. I would not recommend this due to its low reliability. Great idea. Horrible execution.
Works great. Was difficult to get hooked up but once ... Works great. Was difficult to get hooked up but once it got connected...it worked great.NOTE: The instructions do not tell you that this item uses the 2.4 channel of your WiFi, 5 will not work. Plus I think the set up completed successfully finally when my fone was also on the 2.4 as well.
WARNING! does not work!! would not connect to home wifi. app failed multiple times. never got it to work. would not recommend this product.
It’s safe You taking pictures
Five Stars It works great
Great device and for the cost, best value I can find that works reliably in SmartThings/Google Home. Just wanted a few more smart outlets so I could automate some more IoT things for my smarthome (smartthings Hub). These worked great for the cost. Added them easy in the WeMo app, they got picked up immediately by the smartthing connect and WeMo connection, and was able to code them.Only issue I had, was integration with Google Home. It wasn't a fault or issue but be mindful of what you name your devices as it carries through those systems for integration. Like I called a plus in WeMo "Bedroom Heater", but later moved it to another plug in the house. I only renamed it in the SmartThings app, but Google Home was seeing it with both its Smartthings Nickname/rename, but it still recognized its wemo name !! Took me 3-4 days to figure that it wasn't a caching issue and google wasn't keeping old values. Just a piece of advice - call this a generic acronym in WeMo, and then in ST or another hub, call it its nickname there so it doens't get compounded by a 3rd party system downhill like Google Home or Alexa.
Junk and no customer support Worked great until it didn’t. Literally the worst customer service i ever encountered in my entire life. It’s a disposable piece of junk. Save yourself a headache and buy anything but wemo or belkin. Finally threw it out and replaced it with a TP-link. Cheaper and better.
Forget it.....DO NOT buy these!!....Buy the Meross plugs! Buy the Meross plugs.....NOT THESE! You will be glad you did! 1/10th the set up time and totally reliable!!These drop constantly ...work less than 10% of the time... and take forever to pair....and Alexa (when the wemo's actually were working) never was able to control more than 1 at a time. Very unreliable!I wasted more than a day trying to fix these............. Forget it! Buy the Meross plugs!
works great. easy to install works great. easy to install. now works with siri / apple home
... thing and so it was time to integrate a smart plug so I can control lighting around my house ... I'm just getting into the whole connected home thing and so it was time to integrate a smart plug so I can control lighting around my house either by voice or via Alexa. I selected this Wemo over the other smart plugs for a couple of reasons: 1) It only takes up one plug on the outlet (larger smart plugs take up the entire outlet yet only provide for one outlet) and 2) It doesn't require a separate hub to work with either my phone or Alexa.I purchased two and went to work setting them up around the house. One design flaw of all of these smart plugs, including this one, is that they plug in the front instead of the side, top or bottom. This makes the plug long a bit clunky to hide behind furniture. One way around this is to pair the plug with a Flat Plug extension cord to make things a little thinner if you're installing behind a piece of furniture.Setup is simple. After you download the app, connect to the ad-hoc wifi to then connect the smart plug to your network. Then, simply name the plug and then associate it with Alexa. There's no separate hub that is required to make the lights work and the app doesn't carry a fee to use it. My favorite feature is "Away Mode", which allows the lights to turn on and off on schedule like an old fashioned timer. Also, unlike a timer, the switch can be bypassed by pressing the button on the outlet if talking to Alexa isn't opportune or your phone isn't nearby.While I wouldn't hook something high wattage up to anything I couldn't personally monitor, I do trust this plug to turn the lights on and off in the house as requested without issue. With that being said, I'm ordering more plugs to expand the capability.
b'Wemo and Alexa = A ?????? hook up First plug we\xe2\x80\x99ve bought to pair with Alexa. Easy to install and great results.'
Love it!! With Alexa, made home theater lights voice-activated!! Installed in our home theater room, in conjunction with an Echo Dot and it's pretty awesome to just tell Alexa to dim/turn off/on the lights!! The instructions were very clear and simple to follow. My dad installed them pretty quickly. Noticed some lag at times, and sometimes Alexa would report an error even though the action completed successfully. But all in all, we're pretty pleased with it.
Do not seem to last as long as other wifi enabled outlets. So far I've purchased three WeMo Mini smart plugs and two have failed. These are relatively expensive and used for home automation and lighting control when away from home. What is pain it is to 'try' to these re-connected to the network, then at some point they will not ever re-connect. I have tried all the 'suggestion' on the WeMo forum, to no avail. I need something more reliable and will last more then six months or so.
Love that I can control it from anywhere when I’m ... Shipped very fast. Works perfectly. Love that I can control it from anywhere when I’m not home
Rule didn't work then it went completely dead so I'm returning it. Set it up on the wifi. Android app. The manual on/off from my phone worked ok. Set up a rule to turn on at 9:30 pm. At 9:35 the app said the rule was "active" but the switch had not turned on. Turned it on manually, came back in 1/2 hr and it was off. Wouldn't turn on again. Tried other outlets in the house. No lights lit on switch. Belkin cust svs agreed it was dead. Sending it back for refund and will try another brand.
So after all my devices kept going stupid after a few days I have attempted to use my echo, harmony and wemo to control my stereo, my lights, my TV etc. All I can EVER do with some reliability is get the time and weather.I have found the following:1 - If you have a 2g and 5G network, you will have problems. ATT is doing a thing where they want you to have the SSIDs the same so that you can bounce between the networks but if you do that, your home automation will crater. So after all my devices kept going stupid after a few days, I broke the traffic shaping nonsense that ATT was doing and put all my home automation on 2g.2 - My wemo mini plugs would still fall off the network every few days3 - My wemo switch would lose it's config altogether and have to be reconfigured about once a week4 - I tried Lightify, that switch was more reliable but the lights were hit and miss. I had one light that wouldn't change colors in a specfic lamp even though it is the same model as the other lamp that works fine with a lightify bulb.5 - My harmony home hub also falls off the network every few days6 - When my echo can see the sonos, it can really only play a radio station because it usually can't get the harmony to start my stereo even though i bought a new Pioneer 1131 VSX SPECIFICALLY because it has wifi and bluetooth and should work with all this other stuff.All of this means that when I ask Alexa to turn on something, she says "I cannot connect to blah blah" so I don't get to say "Alexa, watch Netflix" or "Alexa, listen to metallica on sonos" or "Alexa, turn off the bedroom lights". But I can say "Alexa, what time is it".
Poor connectivity, unusable app, don't buy! I purchased two of the plugs when they went on sale for $20 last month. From the get-go, there were poor connectivity problems, and using the app was a nightmare. Trying to program a schedule for one of the plugs took at least 10 minutes, because the app would freeze/crash. I tried the app both on my Pixel 2 and my brother's Pixel, and the app was incredibly slow on both. Then, the switch would randomly disconnect from the internet.The other plug I installed at my parents house before they went on vacation, but it was impossible to program a randomized schedule, and when I checked on our security camera over the break to see if the light was going on/off, I found out that the plug wasn't working at all! Something Wemo also doesn't mention is that you can only be connected to one network at a time, so I couldn't control the plug at my apartment while controlling the plug at my parents' house at the same time.The Google Home mini also only recognizes the command "Turn the Wemo in the _____ room on/off" less than 10% of the time.
What a piece of crap! I bought two of these devices to operate ... What a piece of crap! I bought two of these devices to operate a fan and a heater. The first one setup ok but when I went to actually use it the app lost the connection. The 2nd one wouldn't even setup. I reset it 4 or 5 times trying to get it to connect to my wifi but it always said "trying to connect to cellular" and the app would just hang. I'm done.
Does not work with Alexa. At best, it is unreliable. At worst it is non functional. Does not play well with Alexa.
Love these. I have several all over my house Love these. I have several all over my house. Controlling the switch seems better than controlling the bulb.
Five Stars Love it!
I’m very satisfied with WEMO switches & plugs I’m very satisfied with WEMO switches & plugs! I have approx 30 and just ordered 2 more of the Mini plugs!
Works as advertised. Very simple to sync with network ... Works as advertised. Very simple to sync with network and havn't had any problems since purchasing the unit. With be buying additional units.
Good design, Bad functionality (app and remote connections) The dimmer looks really nice but its terrible from a usage perspective. It flickers my bulbs when dimming and also the app is the worst part about this product. If you have a power outage or a wifi reset, all the best getting your Wemo switches to connect remotely or with Echo.The product is completely undermined by the app since it does not function well and does not integrate well with other external hubs like Alexa.
Don't buy these I bought two of these. First I bought one and and everything was great, but when I added the second they both stopped working.The switch is slow, the setup is hard to complete - you must set it up by connecting to the switches wifi, which the app gives little help in figuring out.Buy the etekcity switches. For the price of one of these you get two of those, their setup is simple and their 5000% faster at turning on and off.
It's a very good product, even if I'm using it in a ... Some troubles with programing on/off. It's a very good product, even if I'm using it in a 220 volt environment.
... respond with Alexa says belkin memo isn't responding weird annoying had to reinstall a few sometimes doesn't respond with Alexa says belkin memo isn't responding weird annoying had to reinstall a few times
Mom Approved I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my mom, who was constantly forgetting to turn off or unplug her hair straightener in the morning. As anyone who uses heated styling tools knows, this is very common and dangerous. I'm happy to report that my mom LOVES this product, and has it preset to turn on and off every morning. She now wants to purchase this plug for a variety of uses in her home and office.
Five Stars Love it
I love these switches I love these switches. I have 3 installed and they are FANTASTIC. They also work very well with Amazon Alexa.
Simple, easy to set up and use for a variety of electronics. I hooked one of these to my Christmas lights and synced with Alexa. I was new to the Wemo platform but had no trouble syncing everything with my phone. I put my Christmas lights on a timer and then enjoyed being able to switch them on and off again as needed through Alexa or the Wemo app on my phone. Simply, easy to use.
Pairs easily with Google Home Loved everything about it. Worked perfectly with my Google Home
Great idea, fair reliability, several annoyances The Wemo Mini smart plug is a great idea, but Belkin is not the only kid on the block producing these devices. Alas, they are not the most dedicated in providing a reliable solution. Buy with caution.Set up isn’t hard, you simply connect to the device in Wi-fi, then launch the app, and it adds and starts configuring the switch automagically. In operation, these are handy for lamps that don’t take conventional IoT (smart) light bulbs. But in practice, they have been less than reliable.Problems:Firmware. After setting up two new switches, I was prompted to update the firmware. This went fine. When I installed an additional two switches, the app prompted for an update, then the dialog disappeared. There is no way in the app to manually check for new firmware, you simply have to wait a few weeks for the app to check on its own. This is a major flaw, and the topic of long-time complaints on the Belkin support forums, one that Belkin refuses to answer for over a year.Software app. The app for iOS and Android is antiquated, rudimentary. Some functions continually refused to function, e.g. enabling remote access, saving rules. On iOS it is only identified as supporting iPhone, and uses the smaller resolution. Users might want to use an iPad to control more than 2-4 switches in their home!Cloud support. Several times the Google Home app has been unable to reach the switches. On one occasion, Belkin’s cloud went down while they patched servers for the Intel, and operation of the switches in Home was broken. Connectivity in the Wemo app also broke. In this case, you have to manually touch the switches’ button, or just not use them. Unacceptable. I’ve also found problems connecting to switches during normal use. Google Home will say it’s unable to reach the device, but 20 seconds later the switch will obey the Home command. My home and switches are all on the same network, so apparently the devices don’t support a point-to-point connection, but must operate through the cloud, a major flaw.Delays. Google Home control of my Wiz light bulbs is near-instantaneous. Wemo control takes from a few seconds to less than a minute, seemingly due to Belkin cloud delays. It’s a great convenience to tell the Home to switch a lamp on or off before I enter that room, but when there’s a 10-15 second delay while Google Home tries to reach the switch, it becomes an annoyance. At times, I enter a room, tell the Google Home in that room to turn on the lamp, and there’s a 15 second delay before replying “that device appears to be offline.” (I’ve visually determined it’s online, and even see it available in the Wemo app.) This is beyond ridiculous.In summation, I may continue to use these as they were a bargain. But I’m eyeing the TP-Link switches at a nearly comparable price from a local big box store. User reviews indicate they are far more reliable. If the delays to respond, or the dreaded “that device appears offline,” they’re going back to the store.
Five Stars This works great, easy to install
Nice product with hick ups with Alexa Design wise it is super good and does the job as it mentioned. My only issue is it disconnects with my Alexa time to time. It is fixable with software update. So I am mentioning the date hear (1/10/2018). For that price, they could have also made it compatible with Apple home kit.
Finicky Wifi Setup is a little fiddly - the device only works on 2.4GHz WiFi, and the firmware update situation can be troublesome. The update process rendered my mini smart plug incapable of connecting to my WiFi network until I changed the radio channel. Belkin technical support was very helpful in that regard. I'm not sure if I'll buy more, or look for alternatives.
Look for something better. This thing is not worth buying. The app is terrible. No ipad app, only iphone. The app is clunky and slow. The device is not very responsive. The best part is that the packaging is awful. There is no way possible to open this, figure out that it is subpar, and keep the package in returnable condition.
Four Stars Works great!
When they work, they work great. BUT...  The problem is that it only works about 50% of the time when using Alexa. The app works well, the switches work well through the app as well as manually.Set-up can be a challenge. I have 10 Wemo devices in the house. The first two required lengthy tech support calls to get them working. I am very handy, both electrically and electronically. Once I knew the ins-and-outs of troubleshooting, the rest went O.K. Not smoothly, but no tech call was required. Alexa integration is smooth as silk.Everything worked smoothly for a couple of weeks. Recently, that all stopped. Now, I hear "Belkin Wemo is not responding" more than 50% of the time when trying to control them through Alexa. When I called tech support, they blamed server issues. Belkin also posted an issue on their support forums. I waited patiently. Now they Belkin says the problem is fixed. Nope. Not for me or the 100's of others on their support forums. I have done all of the troubleshooting Belkin recommends, to no avail.While I like the product, I will not buy anymore until they become more stable. For a product this pricey, I expect better than 50% usage.
There are better options. I had bought an earlier version of the Wemo that constantly lost it's connection, and I assumed that they had improved by this time. While the connection has improved some, they are not 100% reliable, and the setup is still wonky. I then found the Etekcity 2 Pack WiFi Smart Plug Mini Outlet with Energy Monitoring, Works with Amazon Alexa Echo and Google Assistant, No Hub Required, Whites and purchased several more of them. Not only are they MUCH cheaper, they are also MUCH more reliable, and a cinch to configure. I expect this Wemo model will be going away soon if they want to be competitive.
Great for turning on lights while away on vacation. I love this Wemo plug. Easy setup. Basically, plug in, detect wifi, connect your device like cell phone to same wifi and you're basically done. You can turn your lights on that are plugged into this when you are away on vacation.
Junk I have 5 of these. They were fairly easy to set up if you have some technical ability / understanding. Once set up they did function as promised for about 1 - 2 weeks. After that each of the switches loses connectivity and all need reset again. Once reset they work another few hours to 2 days.My wifi / router setup is fine with no other problems. Alexa ends up with "Belkin Wemo not responding" and Wemo app shows not connected.Bunch of garbage for the time and money spent. DON'T BUY.
Don't waste your money! I purchased this item to work with my Echo dot. Initially, it worked fine, but within a couple of months it had an intermittent fault and would not consistently operate the light plugged into the socket. Please don't waste your money; I have also purchased three other smart plugs from another manufacturer that cost half the price and have had no problems with their operation.
Works As Advertised! The plug is easy to install, connect to wi-fi, and will run as a skill from Echo, as well.
Works GREAT ! Works GREAT ! There may be cheaper ways to do what these things do, but I'm very happy with them! I use them for controlling my outside Christmas lights. My light controls are in a shaded area so photocells don't work for me and I don't like having to adjust timers to adjust to the changing sunset/sunrise times. It is extremely convenient being able to program and operate them from my smart phone!As a side note, these devices are NOT rated for outdoor use or in temperatures below 40 degrees :(I have them installed outside in weatherproof containers and it's been quite chilly in Michigan this winter. Your mileage may vary.
Five Stars It's easy to use and just works!
Not Recommended This product is a pain to set up and doesn’t work. They also require an inordinate amount of your home set up information - well out of the ordinary- which gives me concerns about security and privacy, and I’m normally not worried about these things. I’d avoid it.
Works great. Installed in about 30 minutes. Was simple enough to do with clear instructions, just match the wires on the existing switch. Don't forget to connect to the WeMo wifi after you download the app - that is how the app finds the new device - then change over to your normal wifi after the switch is configured. Connected to Echo Dot with no issues. Works great.
Nice IF you happen to have neutral wires Nice light switch if you happen to have neutral wires. The need for neutral wires IMHO severely hampers the use of this switch. Older homes, apartments, etc. do not use neutral wires. Loved the switch, tried it to no avail, bought a Lutron which doesn’t need neutral wires, and now I have dimmer switches that are functional in older house and most apartment buildings and are also extremely nice and work fantastically.
... bought it to try with Alexa and it works great! You can also control everything from the app ... I bought it to try with Alexa and it works great! You can also control everything from the app but we never use it. Saying: "Alexa, living room lights 50%" is very useful when I sit on the couch and don't want to move.
A Great Plug, Just Can't Wrap My Head Around How Bad The Android App Has Been... This is a great plug, great quality. The app however, especially on Android, has been an extremely unpleasant experience to say the least. The app tends to "forget" that the plug exists on my home network. Other times, remote access will just disable itself, and refuse to re-enable, causing issues with the Google Assistant. Let's also not forget to mention that the app is the slowest of the the three smart home apps that I've had to deal with, I mean seriously, the Android App will have you asking questions all over, as to why it was designed/implemented the way it was. Lastly, be aware that the wemo app has no login (username/password) system in place, in contrast to some other systems and their apps. Yes it may be a bit more convenient to not have to deal with another user account, but I've noticed that having a user account in place tends to result in greater reliability for smart plugs, especially when it comes to remote access control for the plugs/switches. Also, I'm here only referring to the wemo Android App, I've read some other accounts by others, of having greater success and reliability through the ios app, so I'd best suggest buying it and trying out to see how it works out for you.
Works great with Google Home Works awesome with Google assistant! Easy to install.
Four Stars Works. Takes up only one slot. Priced a little too much still.
Despite wemo's weak signals I'll keep buying them because they work. I really like Wemo. The only thing I don't like about them is they seem to have extremely weak signal. They seem to be built well though and are very handy.
Excellent for home security to create appearance of being home Can’t use the regular switch when the lamp is plugged in to this device. Excellent for home security to create appearance of being home.
Great product. But you can't control multiple plugs from one device. The product itself is great. Press a button on your app, the light goes on. Press it again, light goes off. You can set up rules (basically like a timer) and stuff. Great. The problem, and HUGE design flaw is that you can only control one Weemo plug from one device. I have two Weemo smart plugs in two different locations and there's no way I can control them from the same app. So I have to control one from my iPhone, and the other from my iPad. Terrible design flaw.
Firmware update fixed the issue, but the company should have acknowledged the problem long ago Below the line, you'll see my original review. When I first got the item, it kept disconnecting from the wifi and then wouldn't work until I physically unplugged/replugged it in. Totally useless. I contacted customer service and they were not helpful. They gave general advice amounting to "hmm, that's odd, it should work. Check your router".Doing my own research online, other owners were complaining that a recent firmware update broke the devices. I brought this to customer service's attention, but was met with confusion. They hadn't heard anything like that. I got a replacement item just in case my first one was a lemon. Funny enough, when I finally decided to test out the replacement, I saw both items were eligible for a firmware update on my app. I only updated the first one, and it started working. I tested out the second one without the update and it of course kept failing. Only after I updated that one as well did it start working.So, these things work. They are a little bulky, and it makes it hard, if not impossible, to plug in something below it. But it works. It's still losing a few stars because of the poor customer service. Don't send out a terrible firmware update that breaks your device. If you do, be aware of it and tell customers you will fix it soon. Then fix it soon. Simple stuff.--------------------------------------------Keeps disconnecting from my wifi, which is a strong signal that works well with every other product I own. Very frustrating and I'm pretty sure I'm going to return it if the issue persists. Also it's a bit wide, taking up more than one slot on my power strip. Overall it's very disappointing and much much worse than another brand that I have in a different room.
Five Stars Simple installation and works 5 months later. I downloaded IFTT app to enhance usage.
Works great until it didn't... but I am going to give it another shot. I really like the ease of setting this up and works great until it went offline while I was out of town and I was not able to reset so the light stayed on for 4 days which I was not happy about.
Dont bother Very confusing to program, don't work most the time, even with its own app.
Easy to use, incredibly integrated, setup and forget! I have a couple of the Mini Smart Plugs, about half a dozen of the Light Switches, an Insight Switch, and working on getting 3 of the Dimmer Light Switches, and I'm really impressed with this product. The level of integration with the WeMo products and other services is absolutely fantastic - no other smart home/home automation products out there have this same level of compatibility. And that compatibility doesn't stop with just official products like Echos, Google Homes, and Cortana, but there's a large third party market for controlling WeMo devices too. Speaking specifically for my home, powered by Google Home, I can even group various switches in a room through the Google Home app and say "Hey Google, turn on all living room lights" and all of the lights that I set up for the living room with the word "light" in their WeMo description will turn on. It's very particular to the names set up in the WeMo app, as I also have a ceiling fan in my living room rigged up to a switch and that "turn on all living room lights" command won't turn that on because it's set up as "Ceiling Fan" in my WeMo app instead of "Ceiling Fan Light" (was quite the discovery). Through the WeMo app, I can even set these Switches on a schedule to turn things on or off at a specific time - so I don't have to remember to turn my outdoor garage lights or outdoor Christmas lights on and off all of the time, a schedule can do it for me! So much handier than working with plug timers!Installation of the Plugs are a breeze - just plug it in - but there are certain applications where you might still want to use a switch on a wall instead of having to use the WeMo app all of the time, which is where I would recommend the Light Switches. The Light Switches are a little involved with regards to installation, but the included instructions are very helpful. It doesn't take an electrician to install these unless you're missing a neutral power line, which older homes may be missing. There are plenty of YouTube videos out there for installing these if you're feeling slightly intimidated by the process. But then once everything is plugged in, it's a matter of hooking a smartphone or tablet to the WiFi that the device is emitting, running the WeMo app, and following the on-screen instructions. Sometimes it takes a few tries to get the switch set up through the app, but just be patient and know that retrying is as simple as disconnecting from the switch, reconnecting again, and running the app again - easy peezy.I strongly recommend these to any home automation enthusiast!
plugged it into the outlet where it was going to be located and it worked fine, until I woke up the very next morning I purchased 2 of these and I could not get either one to work. Tried over the course of several day and multiple hours each day. After tons of research I finally got one to work after reading about setting it up a few feet from my router. Finally got one to work, plugged it into the outlet where it was going to be located and it worked fine, until I woke up the very next morning. It had stopped working. Boxed them up and returned them. My router is located about 20 feet from where this was plugged in.
Integration with Alexa and Easy to Use App Make For Excellent Home Automation I have many of these smart plugs all through the house. The integration with Alexa and the Wemo App make these very easy to use. Highly recommend.
I wish it was a little smaller. I have 3 of these and other previous generations of Wemo plugs. I wish it was a little smaller. Hence 4 stars.
Problems reconnecting to wifi after I get it connected and ... Problems reconnecting to wifi after I get it connected and working. Power outages causes it to never reconnect and requires to reconfigure in order for it to reconnect. Updated to the latest firmware and still has issues reconnecting if it loses power.
Great if you like setting up new wifi passwords If your wifi password is numbers/letters it connects. Anything else - not so much. Not gonna change the password and reconfigure multiple devices so this works.
Would not buy this ever again. Drops Signal all ... Would not buy this ever again. Drops Signal all day all night doesn't turn lights on doesn't do what I need it do and the app always has something wrong with it.
At this point I am disappointed with them At this point I am disappointed with them. Was given two for Christmas, have spent way too much time on these. On average about 80% of the time they do not work with Alexa. I have done everything there support site states to do but they still only work when they do. Buyer beware your call. If I could return them I would, in my opinion spend the extra money and get ones that work.
Basic remote functions don't work I wasted 1.5 hrs trying to get the mini plug to work with remote access. Tried all the basic troubleshooting steps as well as checking router settings, trying to enable remote access from an iOS and Android device, etc. I was able to control it with the app easily but couldn't ever get remote access enabled, which was the entire reason I got this thing (so I could have a lamp turn on from IFTTT before I walk in the door). The app just says something like "Sorry we couldn't enable remote access at this time, try again later" which is super helpful. Tried to call tech support during normal hours and gave up after being on hold for 20 minutes. Not worth all this time and headache for a slight increase in convenience. I'm going to return it and give the Phillips Hue system a try.
Failure after failure. Problem after problem. Only can get support after complaining on Twitter. Pulling out all my units and not installing the rest. Switch to another company they seem dead.
Completely unreliable, Belkin does not seem committed to this product line The setup is a little iffy in that I had to go through it a few times before the wireless password would save so it could connect. It does get to be really annoying when setting up multiple devices and you have to go through the setup multiple times on each.The app is horrible, it takes a really long time to load up which is really annoying if you want to just turn off a light switch. I primarily use Alexa to control the switches which works very quickly when the WeMo service is working.The big problem is that the remote access constantly goes out. It has always been an intermittent problem over the past couple years that I have had WeMo devices but since the middle of December 2017, it has been pretty consistently unavailable in the evenings. This is a very common problem that many have reported on WeMo's Community forum.
The hardware is probably fine but the software situation on Android is atrocious Avoid at all costs if your primary platform is Android. The hardware is probably fine but the software situation on Android is atrocious. I am very savvy with tech and could not get this product set up after many hours of trying. This was with a modern phone, Pixel 2 XL on 8.1. I was following all of Belkin's troubleshooting and guides and it just wasn't happening. Replaced with comparable from TP-Link and had no issues
Effortless setup! So far so good. Effortless setup!So much better than the TP-Link Kasa problems (bulb though, not outlet).
Five Stars Connects with SmartThings easily!
Unreliable/slow network The Belkin network is incredibly slow. I constantly have issues with either the WeMo app, Alexa and google unable to connect to the devices. I have updated network settings, reset them and changed networks. All issue lead back the Belkin, as a result I will be changing brands. I got the TP-Link brand outlet for Christmas and so far that has been much better and far more reliable, as a result I will be changing out all my Belkin gear.
Google Home support is incredibly unreliable compared to TP link I bought 2 mini plugs and a dimmer to use with Google Home. The problem is that every time I give a command to Google Home it needs to send the command to the Wemo cloud service. Whenever the Wemo server is slow or down, I will have trouble controlling the Wemo devices through Google Home. Unfortunately this happens extremely often. About every 2 weeks there will be one day when the devices are just completely uncontrollable. Even when they are controllable, it can often take several seconds for Wemo to respond. I've never had so many problems with the TP-link switch. They're always instant-on and instant-off.
Perfect. Does exactly what it's supposed to. Works perfectly. Daughter can't reach the outlet behind her dresser to plug and unplug her little Christmas tree. With this, Alexa can turn her tree on and off! We have other Wemo plugs, so it was super simple to open up the app and add this to the list of things that Alexa controls.
Paperweight Would not save any rules, and would not connect to wifi after reset. Useless paperweight.
Do not buy this POS Well I finally got tired of waiting for Belkin to fix their issues with this mini outlet, so I sent them this complaint:My Wemo minis keeps losing connection I reset it and also just unplug it, but no matter what I do after a while the POS keeps losing connection!!!!!! I’ve been patiently waiting for a firmware update to fix the problem but I guess all your customer complaints I’ve seen seem to fall on deaf ears!!! Had the same problem with your dimmer switch but I was able to send that crap back to Amazon. The only product that has not given me any problems is your non-dimmer switch. Please fix with firmware update or take back these two POS switches!!!ThanksPS: no matter how many times I’m clicking mini under product in your app it keeps going back to switch???? App needs fixing also
Five Stars Works great.
and it was cool, then it stopped working Worked for about 5 minutes, and it was cool, then it stopped working. I hard reset it. It worked again for 1 minute, and then the app, and my google home lost connection to it and I couldn’t re- connect. I bought 2 and they both did it. I was excited to get these but now I am disappointed.
I LOVE this thing I LOVE this thing! I use it to control the space heater in my daughters room. I know how much power I’m using, I can set a timer for auto shut off, and so much more. I love that I can control the plug from my phone! So cool!
feel like a god If you have Alexa, get this, and feel like a god as you command things on/off! Works very well and will buy several more.
At first I liked it: easy set up and turn on/off lamp ... At first I liked it: easy set up and turn on/off lamp from Echo Dot. Within a week, it kept on dropping network connection. Every time, it had to be started from beginning. But last time, no matter what I did, it would not connect. I checked online review and found out that to be a common problem for many users. I did as other suggested: return it to vendor. End of story. Never touch it. Buy other brands.
Great product Bought one to test. Love it. Easy to install app. Can operate switch from phone. Can also setup timer with the app. I will try Wemo wall switch next.
Easy to program We are using our Wemos (we bought 4) with our Google Home. It's easy to program and we haven't had any problems. I programmed it to turn on our Christmas tree lights. Great for the price I got them on a Prime day deal. If I ever need another I'll buy this brand again.
I got this for fun to try a smart plug I got this for fun to try a smart plug. I would have to say its a dumb plug. Even with a simple schedule like turn on at 6pm and off at 11pm it still messes up randomly turning on and off at different times. I would recommend an old school timer instead.
Improved but it could better Although an improvement over the previous model, it really should be better designed so that there is greater flexibility for the usage of the other outlet.
Does not work with Ubiquiti Unifi WiFi setup Spent hours trying to get this to work with my Unifi setup. Searched forums and tried all sorts of suggestions but just could not get it to connect. App was incredibly laggy as well.Tried the TPLink energy monitoring switch and it worked flawlessly out of the box.This was my experience as of Jan 17...Hopefully things will change.
Complicated for the sake of being complicated If you just need a timer for one device, for example to auto-brew coffee in the morning, you don't want a WeMo. It's just way too complicated for the task.Maybe I'm not the right market for this. Maybe it's really meant for people kitting out a whole "smart home". That would make more sense. As it was, it took me more than 1/2 hour just to set it up to turn on at 6:45 in the morning. Whoever is in charge of their app design should be sent back to user experience class. Simple tasks, like changing the time, require a truly absurd amount of clicking and back-and-forth navigation. Also, a simple little card in the box guiding me through the initial setup would have been nice; Belkin expects this device to be intuitive and it's not.Once I did get it set up, it worked as advertised; the plug went on at the right time, and off at the right time. It does fit neatly into an outlet without crowding the other outlets. And manual on/off for it is easy.Next time, though, I'll buy a lower-tech digital timer device instead.
Stay Away Set this up rather quickly. The app makes it feel like everything will be a simple process. Then came the firmware update. I followed the instructions on the app and it failed. I tried again countless times and it failed to update the firmware countless times.Sometimes Alexa has problems turning the smart plug on and I will never know if it is because the firmware version it shipped with is flawed because I cannot update it!Frustrating. I also have a few smart plugs from a competing brand, I never have issues with those. I'll never buy a Wemo again.
garbage Works maybe 2/10 times with Google Home. The rest of the time Google Home says it can't contact the switch. When it does work, there is usually a very long delay. Another garbage product brought to you by Belkin. The TP-Link smart plugs work perfectly every time.
Works great with Alexa! Pros: Works great with AlexaCons: Update immediately, there are security issues with these.This product was pretty quick to set up and we have moved it around the house for different uses. We have 4 of them now and are very pleased. I have not had the experiences others share about them disconnecting from Alexa. I will update my review if I do. This product has taken my laziness to a new level! Thanks!
GARBAGE. don't buy GARBAGE. Don't waste your money. I can't even get it to connect. It's supposed to load its own wifi to then connect and it won't do it.
Poor software and integration with automation services It now currently works with Google Assistant but that's about the only good thing I can say about them.Setting them up for the first time took multiple tries. In the end I don't know why it worked when it did. I was following the same instructions over and over. Updating the firmware also took multiple tries and it just worked at some point for inexplicable reasons.IFTTT integration is unreliable and that's an understatement. I have one applet that I use with this plug and it works maybe 1 out of 10 times. Most of the time when trying to edit my IFTTT applet or just create a new one to troubleshoot the problem, it can't even find the plug. Everything else I have works with IFTTT just fine.No Stringify integration. This would not be a problem for me if the IFTTT integration worked since I can trigger an IFTTT applet from Stringify.You can google all these problems and will find that they are very common and have gone without a solution for months/years.These have basically been relegated to a gimmick for me since I cannot use it with the most popular software for automating smart devices. If I buy another smart plug it will be from a different manufacturer.
Check your home's wiring. Did not work with my home's wiring. Had to return. Amazon made that simple though.
Great when the network detects them. Great when they work. I found they disconnect from my network for no reason and often times neither the app nor google can detect the switches. This is solved by restarting my router, but having to crawl under my desk to turn off a light is stupid.My network is secure and I'm the only one on it. I've done research and this problem isn't unique to me. They all disconnect at once, even the one that is 1 ft away from my router. Sometimes they all disconnect, sometimes it's random. Waste of money.
Bugs It works fine with Echo and with my phone at home. I can not control it when I am away from home. I tried several different wifi plus my mobile connection. It will not accept a software upgradeUpdate: Wemo switch quit working with Alexa. Tried all the steps their support suggested with no luck. Going to dump WEMO and switch to another brand.
Control from Anywhere! This little smart plug is awesome. I have it hooked up to some LED lights in my kitchen. Hooking it up to the WiFi was a breeze with the app. Can control this outlet anywhere I have WiFi or cell service. This allows you to monitor the voltage that is being used by this outlet as well as set some timers on when to turn on and off throughout the day. I will definitely be getting some more of these smart outlets for other items around my house such as a fish tank light and/or Christmas lights!
not an easy hard to understand. not an easy setup
Locks up frequently Locks up frequently even though in good wifi coverage. It will not respond to any remote commands. In fact it locks up so often, we just use it as a really expensive manual dimmer. It is updated to the latest firmware. I would recommend against purchasing until they improve reliability.
Five Stars Easy peasy set up! Love demo switches!
Doesn't work for long This was a waste of money. Lost connection and cannot reconnect to it no matter what. App will not detect. Defective product after such little use. Recommend the competitor.
But works fine with well Pissing me off saying dimmer not responding with Alexa. But works fine with well app
Junk I have a number of smart devices in my home that work with my Echo and these plugs are by far the worst of the lot. I bought 5 of these 8 months ago and it was a big mistake; like other reviewers here have stated, these smart plugs last about six months before they start to give out and become nothing more than time-consuming crap. Now they rarely keep a wi-fi connection longer than two weeks before they all have to be re-programmed again. Today while trying to re-program one of the plugs that stopped responding the other four all suddenly lost their connection for no apparent reason and can't be recognized by either the Wemo or Amazon Echo app; I'll be spending at least an hour (again) going through the tedious process of reconnecting them. It's become extremely frustrating and a complete waste of time. DON'T waste your money on these, they're not worth it.
product good but keep losing wifi keep losing wifi. its a pain. rest product is good.
So much for hands free control via Alexa I recently purchased this dimmer along with my Amazon alexa. After properly installing the switch, I went through the grueling process of setting up the WiFi capabilities on my android. The app is slow, buggy, and unclear. "Alexa turn on the lights" Great it works! NOT FOR LONG THOUGH. I must've restored the switch 4-5 times and repeated the setup process only to have my alexa tell me it is unresponsive. Controlling the switch through the WeMo app works fine but as far as its compatibility, this switch is useless. Great design, love the look and feel but troubleshooting after only 2 days of use has caused me to return this item to amazon for a refund. Granted, every other wifi switch out there seems to have the same problems. As a licensed electrician and tech guru, I cant imagine how frustrating this is for others to install. Dont sell a product that doesnt work.
Doesn’t need play well with Google Home Don’t waste your money if you plan on using this with Google Home. No matter what I did, my Google Home wouldn’t recognize it. Go for TP-Link instead
It was great while it lasted I bought this device and it worked perfectly at first.However after one week under my wifi settings it shows out of range so Alexa can't communicate with it. It was great while it lasted. I guess I will have to go back to the clapper.
Four Stars Outstanding device!
but I was told that it was easy to set up and works great This was a gift, but I was told that it was easy to set up and works great.
Works great with Google Home & Google Assistant! I've been using this with a Google Home so I can yell 'HEY GOOGLE TURN ON THE LAMP." and it works pretty good. You can name it whatever you like, so a fun party trick is to name it something like "bootyhole", so you can yell "hey google, turn on the bootyhole." and Google Assistant will even respond "Turning on the bootyhole." - which is FANTASTIC.
Five Stars Works just like you would hope. Connects easily to Alexa and works flawlessly.
Five Stars Christmas gift for my techie son!
Five Stars good product
Mini are less reliable than older model. Support useless. I have the of the older model and 4 of these. These are less reliable. They keep dropping from my network. I've tried suggestions like assigning a static IP address, but didn't help much.Contacted super from within app and get no help.
it's too bad Wemo is one of only a few names in ... After just 2 days I'm already having wifi connection issues. It's very sluggish to cellphone and google assistant commands and the dimmer often takes 2 or 3 slides to register. Not worth the 70$, it's too bad Wemo is one of only a few names in the game. I keep wanting to like Belkin products and they continue to fail me whether it be routers, dimmer switches or even ethernet cables...5/12/2018 Update: Has not had any more connection issues in several months now. Updating my review to a 4 star as they seem to have fixed the issues and it's providing the remote functionality that we were expecting.
Does Not Connect to WPA2 Networks, Mobile App Buggy/Slow/Unstable, Worst 'Smart' Product Ever Does not work. Will not connect to either of our two WPA2 wireless networks. The Wemo mobile app is extremely buggy, slow, and totally unstable (I regret not reading all the negative app reviews before purchasing this product). I am the most technically savvy person I know and am frustrated at the fact that I will never get back the two hours of my life I lost trying to get it connected/reset/actually working. We ended up returning this switch and four Wemo outlets. Do yourself a huge favor and don't waste your time/money on this or any other Wemo products until Belkin takes all the negative feedback seriously and gets all their bugs worked out.
Five Stars realy makes it great to turn on our Christmas tree!!
Alexa, set kitchen lights to stun. Finally added two in my ongoing process of creating a smarter home. Easy to install and configure. Nice app to help. Look good on the wall, and alexa control plus app scheduling and triggering make this a slam dunk.
... set up but we have linked with Alexa and love it. We use to control a main living ... Requires a little set up but we have linked with Alexa and love it. We use to control a main living room light and love the convenience of using with Alexas voice control. Also have found the away mode to be very useful.
Five Stars Extremely functional
Must have plug for the smart home have been using this switch for 6+ months now, and it works flawless. Works just fine with Amazon Alexa and Google Home alike. Is easy to setup and mobile app is fairly simple. best part is that it converts any device into smart device.For future versions, i just wish it takes smaller real estate, for now its little big, and can sometimes cover the 2nd outlet on the wall. doesn't hurt much, but design can be improved.
Horrible smart device Truly a terrible smart plug. I have dozens of smart products around my home, all of which work flawlessly. I can’t get this plug past the setup stage despite hours of time changing every setting possible. Their FAQ makes it clear this is a common problem. Absolutely disgraceful product.
Expensive Way to Turn Things On and Off Seems well made and works. Directions not so good for setting it up with Alexa devices. Would have give it five stars if I had better directions. It makes me feel like the future is arriving in my home.
Don't give up! This is one of the most frustrating gadgets I've ever bought. Tried over and over to set it up, with many reboots & resets, but it would never show a list of networks to connect to. Finally discovered that my router (Apple Airport Time Capsule) must have a limit on the number of gadgets that can connect to my network. Made my iPad “forget” my network and the Mini found it! And somehow was able to reconnect iPad afterward, but probably lost something else :(. And yes, it will work with Alexa!
Five Stars We love all of our Wemo products and snagged these for $20!
Easily programmable and nice app Very convenient to be able to program lighting and access from anywhere. Easily programmable and nice app. Occasionally has some glitches over WiFi, but resets usually take care of the problem.
WEMO SWICHES WILL NOT STAY CONNECTED TO WiFi ! Following Wemo switches will NOT stay connected to WiFi. They randomly disconnect anywhere from a few hours or days. And have to be manually reset to reconnect.1. Wemo Mini Wi-Fi Smart Plug2. Wemo Dimmer Wi-Fi Light SwitchThe Wemo Light Switch has not had any issues and was also on the same wall & same light as the Wemo Dimmer Wi-Fi Light Switch. The Wemo dimmer switch does not stay connected. Also the Wemo Mini Smart plug will NOT stay connected.The Wemo items that would not stay connected have even been installed in the room where the router is and still would lose connection they simply do not work do not buy.Save yourself the headache and buy the TP Link products which I have exchanged the Wemo products. I have not had any problems with the TP Link switches and they work great. The Kasa app for TP link is even better as far as versatility & scheduling. I have my porch light set to come on and sunset and off at sunrise. TP link is a great product.
... these devices for my Christmas lights and they work like a Use these devices for my Christmas lights and they work like a charm
Works very well These are much more stable thatN the original Belgian Smart plug
Awesome! I was a little confused with installation but now that it's installed, I love it! I just wish it was compatible with more than one light switch in circuit. I did not order this on Amazon but I found it at my local best buy.
When it works it’s great I want to love this device, but unfortunately it doesn’t work most of the time. I have zero issues with other WiFi connected devices in my home, but I constantly find myself unplugging and resetting this thing. It should be simple thing, but I think the buggy software is to blame. The app leaves much to be desired too, and trying to report an issue through the app only causes it to crash. Wanted to love it, but feeling disappointed I wasted the $30
poor reliability, should be a recall on this. I have spent many hours trying to get this to work, and finally did for a few hours.Then, something happened, and had to try to go through the setup again and again with no luck.Many others have had the same problem. I do not know why this is even on the market with such poor reliability.Good luck trying to get multiple switches running together. I am returning all WEMO devices and will not touch them.
Just buy it if your on the fence! Works very well! I use it to schedule my porch lights to clean me on and turn off from dusk to dawn. Looking at purchasing more so u can turn on and off lights in my house while I’m on vacation. It was super easy to install too!
Four Stars I like it.
Never Connected Never able to connect this device to my network at home.Called technical support - they had me change my router from auto channel to channel 11. The Wemo worked for a short bit BUT this change killed every smart device in my home - because to make the change I had to change the name of my wifi.The device did do an update to its firmware - think after that update was when I lost it. Tried again today = no luck.
Good measurement results, plus it works like any other WeMo switch Use it around my house to test power consumption, or to serve as a temp timed switch for special things (I have it on our Christmas Tree now: 41W average consumption.)
They WORK - easy installion After difficult installations of other supplier switches I will only purchase this brand. Easy reliable installation and THEY WORK.
Four Stars Gift, haven't heard any complaints from the gift recipient.
What an awful product. My wife recently purchased this ... What an awful product. My wife recently purchased this as a Christmas gift for me knowing how much I'm into the whole "Smart Home". I tried no less than ten times to get the app to connect and despite seeing the device go to solid white (supposedly means you are connected) the app always timed out and wanted to start the process all over. There are far too many options on the market that don't require this type of headache.
I totally love the wemo plugs I totally love the wemo plugs. This one has worked since installed. We use it along with our dumb Mr. Coffee coffee maker and with Alexa. We leave the coffee maker button in the on position and control it with the wemo app or Alexa. My wife gets the coffee ready the night before. Then when she wakes up in the morning she says “Alexa start my day” and then our happy light and the coffee maker turn in and the coffe starts. She loves it. And if she just wants the coffee to start we can go into the Wemo app and start the coffee from there. Or if she is out in the kitchen she can just hit the power button on the plug. Gives her numerous options to start her coffee.
I love these things! I have a total of 5 of these smart plugs now. These work great with Alexa and so far I haven't had any problems with them. I used 2 of them this year for Christmas to turn the lights on/off through the Echo and they worked every time. I have the other 3 with lamps plugged in. Will buy more in the future as the need arises. You can also use the WeMo app to turn the switches on and off if you don't have a google or amazon device.
device seems to be SSID dependant. have to connect ... device seems to be SSID dependant. have to connect to different SSID to see wemo plug and different SSID to see the wemo switch.Why two SSIDs? one for 2.4mhz and one for 5mhz
Bought two. Installation of the first was straightforward. ... Bought two. Installation of the first was straightforward. The second took many times of trial and error. A colleague at work had the same issue.
Great for forgetful people like me. I Love this product. It is a little large and they do make more compact/smaller ones now from different companies but I already had another wemo product so decided to keep it the same. Works great, haven't had any connection problems yet having had it for over a month. I keep and extension cord with my flat iron and curling iron plugged into it, as well as another for a heated blanket, so that I can put it on a timer and have it automatically turn off whenever I leave the house in case I forgot to, thus reducing the fire risks in our home. Great for lights as well so you can control away from home. Highly recommend for anyone prone to forgetting to turn dangerous items off, or for anyone who wants to control of lights and other items with their phone from anywhere.You can set it to turn on/off based on your phone gps location (home or away), turn on/off based on a timer, or simply control whenever you want with on/off switch on your phone and on the side of the plug.
Easy set up so fast!  Just got them was super easy to set up to work with Alexa and all that! Love them they work very well! I hope it stays like that!
Five Stars Great, easy to setup, integrates with IIOT & Google Home backbone.
Other Wemo switches all work great, this one does not work at all I've got 2 Wemo Insight switches and 2 Wemo Smart Switches, which work well and never drop from wifi. They're all tied to my Alexa.I picked up a Mini recently and it does not hold a connection and is constantly unavailable for Alexa/in the Wemo app. I've reset it, reset my own internet, both, regrouped, renamed, etc - everything, and the other Wemo switches work but the Mini simply does not.I'll likely return this and pick up a regular insight instead, since it seems more reliable
Won't Connect & Poor Service I have numerous wemo devices that connect fine to my wireless router. This dimmer won't connect no matter what I do. Belkin has sent a replacement, but it's not a device issue. I've followed all of the steps Belkin's basic support team could help me through. They escalated to second level support who has not called me although they have a 24-48 hr policy. After looking on the web, many many people have connection issues with wemo devices. It appears they are poorly designed from a networking standpoint.
Difficult Setup and Maintenance Got one for Christmas to try out. Was difficult to set up and finally took 40 minutes with Customer Service and my laptop hooked up to my Wireless Spectrum Technicolor Router to get the right configuration. Once you enable it with Alexa or Google Home, it will no longer work with Wemo App. Also, when circuit breaker tripped, I had to go through the setup process again. Going to try other products next. Don't think I will buy another of these.
Highly recommend. Easiest way to program any lights. Highly recommend.
Don't waste your money Worked for about 30 seconds then it lost the WiFi connection. I called tech support. They were unable to help. I even returned and got another plug and experienced the exact same problem. Don't waste your money.
Great when they work! Pain when they don't! Great when they work, kind of a pain when they don't. Hard to troubleshoot.Gawd forbid you change the wifi name or pass, you have to factory reset EVERY Wemo you have... such a pain in the behind!!
This wemo stuff is crap. I tried to connect this thing and it ... This wemo stuff is crap. I tried to connect this thing and it wouldn't connect. The customer service just says make sure your network is available. I'm sorry, my network is not able to recognize garbage!
Easy to setup, Works great with Alexa. Easy to setup. Works remotely without a hub. Works great with Alexa.
I had to temporarily enable SSID broadcast on my router to get the mini smart plug to identify my network Encountered a challenge during set up that were fairly frustrating. Vendor web site had incomplete and inaccurate information. Product would not identify network after numerous attempts to configure; neither could I get it connect even when I manually defined my network settings. I had to temporarily enable SSID broadcast on my router to get the mini smart plug to identify my network. Once I was able to get it to properly detect the network; set up completed successfully. It continued to function well after disabling SSID broadcast on my router; and it has integrated well with my Google Home Mini. I would rate the Wemo app a one star.
Cool DIY IoT device for Alexa! Great product as it was easy to setup and configure. A great addition to Voice First integrations and ability to monitor power usage.Wemo Insight Smart Plug, Wi-Fi Enabled, Control Your Lights, Appliances and Manage Energy Costs From Your Phone, Works with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant
Five Stars had problem with one not syncing to wifi, called WEMO excellant service. But they need to make 3/4 ways most house have them
Never really worked... It never really worked for me - it wold always beep and click to indicate it was on, but wouldn’t actually turn the fan on. It would turn the fan off effectively though.
DONT BUY IT... DONT BUY IT ....IMPOSSIBLE TO CONNECT TO THE WIFI, WE DONE EVERYTHING AND THE TROUBLESHOOTING....BUY TP LINK, WORKS RIGHT AWAY .....
Requires resetting every time the Internet goes out! Every time your Internet connection goes out and come back, these Wemo devices will stop working with Amazon Echo. While they'll still work with the Wemo app, the main reason for stating "Compatible with Amazon Echo" is that you don't have to keep resetting the network settings. Whenever this happens, you not only have to go to the Wemo app the reset the network settings on the device, but you also have to go into the Alexa app and remove the device, then re-add it again, and THEN re-enable it in the Alexa app. This is a big hassle every time the Internet goes out. I also have Wi-Fi outlet plugs from a competitor to this product and they don't have this issue.