This is a great app, without a doubt. But there's always people who have a negative attitude towards anything, idiots.
Great update: Google just keeps getting better. I can easily manage Chromecast and my power-supply's individual outlets.
Can't get it to work without messing with it on my living room tv. Works fine on my attic tv.
Love the app, but I wish I could use it with my smart TV. It is redundant to need Chromecast for the control when you own a smart TV. Other than that very happy with my Google home
Give us our shopping list back instead of completely burying it!
Edit: It took me a while to figure out how to mirror my phone to my television. I preferred the old set up, but I know I will get used to this. Now I personally am one of those people who will never own something like Alexa so all this functioning on my phone is just too much. I can get up and turn off my own lights. So my opinion is probably an odd one out. Now on the other hand, I will give it this app credit for not having lag (so far) like before the update. It does just seem to be running a lot quicker, more smooth, clearer, and brighter. So that I am happy with.
b"Extremely helpful when adding Chromecast or any other Google product. I can't give 5*'s due to the fact Google products such as Chromecast leaves your network at risk?? due to no security option stopping virtually anyone from connecting to your network through Chromecast and Google's additional products. Finding an unknown device's profile cast to my smart TV casting its photos, & more. Seeing it had connected to my network exposed Google products vulnerabilities! ?? Google can do better by securing all products. The Google Chrome browser is evidence of that."
What the hell has Google done to this app? Before the update I used to be able to play music through my availability system via audiocast from my smartphones audio player. Now when I connect to audio cast and play audio files the sound comes out my phone speakers and not my av system. My audiocast is now useless as I have to now connect to my av system via my phones headphone output. The new layout of the app is damn awful too
This update compelled me to leave a review, it is so much more user friendly!! I will actually use this now to control devices in my home. Awesome update! ... Think we can get dark mode here too? Like Messages, YouTube and News? :) Thanks!
About time Google pulled this app out the bag to try and compete with the Alexa app. But still find my self going to the Alexa app as it's just better, especially with their newest update. Google home app still lacks simple features like being able to change the colour of a bulb, stuff that the Alexa app has been able to do for a long time! Getting better but still playing catch up.
I can no longer find my shopping list from the redesigned home app. The upper left menu is no longer available. I searched for as solution online and all solutions referr to the upper left menu icon which is no longer there. After talking to support, here is where the shopping list has moved. From the home screen, tap the user icon on the lower right corner. Scroll down and tap settings. Then tap assistant, scroll down and tap shopping list. I hope others will find this helpful.
I don't know why people are complaining. This new version is clearer and does everything the previous version did. It's all very easy and better. All my devices were found and are controlled. I love the new icons and font. What's wrong?! It's great! Keep up the good work Google.
Edit: they moved the cast screen audio option in the new update to: Account -> Mirror Device. Used to be gret but since the update hamburger menu is gone and can't find the option to cast my android screen to the chromecast. This app was supposed to do one thing right and it doesn't. Which genius decided the new layout?
Worked fine with a WiFi repeater then started to have problems. Reinstalled and reconfigured several times to make it work. I even got rid of the repeater to have a direct connection and that seemed to work for a couple of months... Then it didn't. Reinstalled and now the device is not found... I'm thinking of finally letting it rest for good, along with my patience.
Edit: After going through all of Google's fixes the problems still remain. I'm also having trouble with casting now too. I've unplugged my google devices. They don't serve a purpose my home or my life any more. Time to look at the alternatives...Won't play the news anymore, just tells me that it can play the news. Won't go through my morning routine anymore, just congratulates me on "discovering" a feature I've been using for months. Google assistant and Google home feels like it's more frustration than it's worth now.
Love the new update, makes the whole home ecosystem much more user friendly. One small issue is that it doesn't see some of my devices even though they are all on the same network. The home mini works but the app doesn't recognize it.
Why has the "Cast" feature been buried under Account Settings/Additional/Mirror Device??? Also, the aspect ratio on my TV no longer gives me the correct zoom. Amazon Prime viewing will be compromised. The people who designed this update ought to be held accountable!
I have used this app a lot particularly the shopping list feature, what the hell has Google done to the layout of the app in the new update? It took a while to find where the shopping lists new home, why make it more difficult to find the useful tools? I will improve my rating IF Google make the app easier to navigate.
I was frustrated when I made my original review so I've deleted it. I had to restore my Google home devices to factory default, uninstall the app, reinstall the app, and then update it. I also went away from using a Wifi extender and went to a Wifi mesh system as I wasn't sure if my network was causing a problem or not. So far after two days no more app crashes or the home devices dropping their Wifi signals. When it works correctly Google Home is pretty awesome for smart home control or whatever else you want to use it for.
Why is it mandatory for me to provide everything. Yesterday chromecast was working fine and today this app is askingto do setup.. I have nothing else to setup and don't want to. Frustrating to see that I need to still try something else as chromecast video is not getting streamed on TV. Bery Bad.
Review 2: Tried the fixes suggested. This version is flat out less capable and supports fewer apps than the previous version. This is one update that went wrong. Review 1: Last version worked great. The latest update is less capable and much less user friendly. Streams stop for no reason, can't cast from all apps.
In just a matter of hours you've wiped off everything from my phone gone if it's not broke why do you have the need to mess with it. I had things on there that were extremely important and now they're gone nowhere to be found and nobody can find them. It would serve you better if you told people that you were about to make changes then do just abruptly do it this way sensitive information could be protected morons
Update disaster Everything was working to perfection. Since update, my music- Spotify through Chromecast audio, stops and starts, stops and starts. Layout is unappealing. Frequently used functions are hidden away. Why tamper with a functional app without a thorough testing? I am a 57 yr old woman who has sold her soul to Google. You know more about me with all the permissions I have allowed you than probably anyone in my life. For this, I expect service from Google! Google does not seem to be serving their loyal customers. Google home needs a fix update soon. Don't take as for granted. There are other home control systems out there.
What the hell did you guys do to this app? I have a bunch of smart switches that I had set to a nickname. When I use that nickname, only those lights turn on. That went away. I tried to fix it and now I lost those switches. I don't know how to add rooms anymore. This is confusing.
App was casting fine to my Vizio TV until it was automatically updated. Now the app cannot find my TV. I do no understand why these companies upgrade apps with useless features and end up breaking the features you really need.
It used to be able to play music with no issues, multiple times a day I used to say Hey Google play music, pause music, stop music, next song, etc it used to work perfectly fine with no issues, tried this today but instead of actions I am getting "I don't know how to help with that yet", "sorry I don't understand" or "Im still learning" and when I ask for next song it just list what other songs are on playlist instead of actually playing next song like it used to. Tried to reboot it but it is still same, it is really frustrating when one of the main reason why I bought Google mini was to play music while I'm cooking
I absolutely LOVED this app and used the Chromecast every single day. But now with the new update on the app it doesn't work with any of my other products and devices and it's very upsetting. Fix this problem please.
Was considering buying the home hub device to run this on but as I can't play music through my existing bluetooth speakers I'll save my money. Disappointed. Was excited to use the new assist multicard features
The new updated Home app is not finding my Google home mini device. I have tried using other android phones as well. This problem didn't occur on older version. Very much dissappointed.
What are you guys doing? Horrible update....so the truth comes out, I knew you were slowly forcing people to move to Google Express, I will not shop online in any of those stores, Amazon is a better choice 100 to one. Definitely contemplating in moving over to Alexa.
Update is horrible. People just get used to an app and you change it for the sake of changing it. why does the whole app need to be changed why can't you just add new features and keep the layout the same. Please allow us to choose what we want updated through android operating system update. we should be able to back date some apps as old version was layed out better and easier to find main features like casting. Google gave away thousands of google mini's and hide the casting feature. please update back to previous version
Old version worked brilliant for casting screen to watch movies. This one will not connect to my phone. Have rebooted everything it sees the Chromecast but will not connect. Very disappointed with the update and the layout is horrible now
The menu button in the top left corner is no longer there. Now what do I do? This is a bad update. Put it back the way it was. It was an easy app now is not useful. Boo. When I go to the help page, it still tells me to hit on the menu in the top left. That menu isn't there. And I can't get to my shopping list from my account page. Boo, again .
So after a few months glitch free, I'm finally happy with the Home app. Then Google upgrade the Home app, and completely f### it up. I don't need an app to choose what I cast, I choose for myself. Absolutely horrible to set up, took at least six attempts to get the connection, then it wouldn't cast my screen. What a pile of sh##e. Won't be using anymore, I'll use one of the other mirror casting apps. Well done Google, talk about dropping the ball.
The option to screen mirror has been removed which is about all this app was ever good for. This app is now garbage. Edit: so it's still there they just thought making it a lot harder to access would be a great idea. Cool cool cool....
What the hell have they done with this??? I used to use this to cast my phone to the TV with a Chromecast. I have the device linked to my phone but can't mirror the screen. It used to be so simple and now is a complete jumbled mess and un usable. I won't be buying the second Chromecast now as I can't use the one I have got.
It's an improvement from prior version in terms of home control, however, still major user experience issues. There is just too much scrolling involved in order to control 50+ devices. No ability to rearrange items, everything is alphabetical for the rooms. Can't change color on light bulbs. Just not a great experience overall, but improving.
New update made this app confusing to navigate. The idea is great for people who are using multiple smart home devices, but I only have chromecast and would appreciate a simplified version of the app to find movies and or screen mirror. And where is the manual search option? Haven't found it yet and I don't always want to talk to Google assistant.
It's ok. I use this app to access settings for my devices and although I think it a miss not to be able to set up routines or triggers/actions, it is good at what it does do. I do not use discover or browse but would be more likely to if it was integrated into the Google page left of the home screen. Most importantly, this app is missing widgets to control playback on devices.
It WAS a perfect app intuitive and easy to use, worked as expected. Now it's the complete opposite the screen mirror does not work and the moved the options into the most akward places. Who ever made this update reconsider your job.
The new redesign is terrible. A lot of the features you were able to access previously have been removed. No more quick access to things like your shopping list.
Yup, hate the newly updated app. Not intuitive for casting phone to Home or Chromecast. Had to come here to read reviews to find out how, as no instructions or help was included in the update. Wish I could roll it back. Live my devices but this is a step backwards.
The latest update broke my set up. I couldn't control my light with "smart life" anymore. Caused a pain, didn't have time to reconfigure the settings yet, but I doubt it will work properly again.
This is a trojan.. in exchange for a basic application of wifi direct, you have to let Google monitor and collect all your data and look it to your gmail account. THIS IS WAY TOO INTRUSIVE
Can't completely control Nest products with this update. I still have to go to the Nest app to use all of the functions of my devices. I'm using a pixel XL and running Android 9. I have rebooted my devices and the app still doesn't have the functionality of the Nest app.
A lot of wasted white space on the Samsung S9+. The top text is pretty low down. The icons don't show device state clear enough. Clicking on the thermostat (nest), says the house is heating when it's not. Again, an icon with the state of the heating would be nice, such as the set temperature. These are basically intuitive things that should be present to avoid having to click on a million buttons just to see what the situation in the house is. Finally, colour control on smart lightning. Still waiting for smart TV remote control integration, such as with the Logitech harmony hubs which don't have native home control, as well as Sonos smart speakers. Otherwise, this is a good step forward
My location is india..i am using google home mini. But it is disappointing that most of the features available in us and uk are not available in INDIA. Partiallity i guess. Wouldnt hae bought it if i had known earlier.
Finally. This is what ive been waiting for. The first thing you see when you open the app are all your smart devices. Easy to navigate, uses material design. Very good app. May make me replace my Samsung smartphone and go all in on assistant due to this app revamp
Chromecast was working fine up until the last update of this App. It no longer identifies my devices or says they are unavailable. No luck with rebooting, have tried with all devices and phone, router etc. Chromecast is only identified by Youtube, nowhere else including in the Home App.
I had to remove it after the most recent update. It causes bluetooth keyboard problems. It makes a bluetooth keyboard slow to respond and random letters are repeated making typing challenging and extremely frustrating. There are two other apps I know of that have the same problem, Cortana and WebEx. Please fix Google Home! I want to be able to use this app again! Android 8.0.
Great app and I love the new layout it just puts everything I need on the home screen so I can easily and quickly access it. Unfortunately when I have YouTube music set as my music service it tells me to change it to Google Play music which I don't use
With the old version of Chromecast I had no issues, since the update, I can not access my devices and Chromecast doesn't find the wifi I'm on anymore, even when I uninstalled and re-installed the Chromecast app through that very wifi! This has screwed up my Netflix connection as well, as I view it through Chromecast.
I purchased chromecast on 14/10/18, downloaded Google Home app and trying to connect to my android phone. But chromecast was not detected by app. In my mobile in settings there is a option wireless display, I enabled the same and can see chromecast there but when trying to connect it is displaying error 'casting screen to chromecast has ended'. I connected the dongle with same wifi as my mobile connected but couldnt get any fruitful result. Pls guide me in this regard.
Edit: After rebooting literally everything my chromecast is fine again. Things are right back to the way they were. Thank you! (Loved the App before the update. I could easily watch videos on my chromecast and I would use it everyday. However after the update, my device was disconnected and during set up the app wont recognize my wifi when other new devices can. I've tried to manually set it up which didn't work either.)
I don't know who's bright idea it was to hide all the featutes but this update SUCKS TURTLE TEATS! Not only that, but I now have to figure out how to find my tv which is difficult because all the options are HIDDEN FROM PLAIN VIEW!!! WHOEVER DID THIS SHOULD BE PLACED ON SUSPENSION WITHOUT PAY.
Hey Chromecast team - post this latest update I can no longer cast my phone as is to the TV - this used to help when playing via apps that don't support casting. No button as Cast To Chromecast any more. Am I missing something??
The latest update gives an interface to allow smart home device control other than using voice, awesome update! But the Nest lock control doesn't work, and no color changing capability for Hue bulbs.
The latest update finally tries to make the app about your connected home which is good however it's missing key things like the ability to control the colour of smart bulbs and it shows my heating always set to 0.5 degrees above what is on the thermostat. In addition to this the shopping list has vanished so can only be pulled up via voice control which isn't great. Burying it under 2 levels and in settings is very poor design, previously you swiped from the side and it was there.
Once very useful app. Yesterday it became unmanageable. Different content on my phone and google speakers and I cannot change what's on the speakers. Source of music on speakers not indicated. Other functions like shopping list have disappeared. From excellent to unusable in one daya
Argh! I try to set up voice assistant and all I get is a screen with a circling color. As entertaining as it is to watch the colors change with each loop, it doesn't get me where I want. I frustrated and only my 1st time setting up my home mini device
Getting used to the new look app but it takes a bit longer to navigate to things like shopping list which I use a lot. I also miss 'Explore' for finding other available content. I wish they would hurry up and roll-out continued conversation in Australia. I can get it if I set language to English (US) but then the Lucky Trivia questions are US based plus the local accent is more relatable for me. Hopefully we won't have to wait too long.
I used the old version which was easy to use left corner cast audio video. This one does not work so why to make a working app to a useless one. I paid 30 pounds to buy chrome cast I want my money back google.
For the past few days niw try as I might, this app won't even recognize my chrome cast or tells me i have no connection. I sent feedback but to no avail. Seriously considering throwing them both where they beling cause they're nothing but garbage.
After the most recent update, my chromecast 2.0 stopped broadcasting of audio. Video work well though. Edit: Still not working even after doing the suggested actions.
I used to be able to open my Netflix or HBO app and see my chromecast. The Home app doesn't recognize my chromecast and neither do any of my apps, SO NOW WHAT? And dont say reboot because that doesn't work!!!
Latest version doesn't recognize factory reset Chromecast on same WiFi network. Older version (on my other device) had no issue doing the setup
Chromecast connectivity is disabled in this update. Google owes us all an update fix asap! Many users in the comments have deleted their accounts & abandoned Google. Google, Inc has allowed their customer service & troubleshooting to become horrible in a just a few years. Many new employees are inexperienced or offensive. Google needs to earn back its customers trust with some massive changes or it will be bought by a better company if they are even that lucky!
This app worked perfectly for about two months, letting me mirror my phone screen on my TV easily, as well as my audio to my Google Assistant speaker thing. Since the new update, that hasn't been the case. I can no longer mirror my phone to my TV or my speaker. When I go to cast to any device, nothing happens. The only thing I can do is change the volume and fast forward whatever is playing. I've been through all the Help and Feedback advice and nothing has worked. Can I please get some help?
I intend to get camera's and speakersbut presently only use the app for mirroring it now seems more difficult to do so. A how to on opening new app would have been helpful checked chrome and only examples are of old app frustrating when i needed it
The redesign made using smart devices easier but the infrastructure of the smart home is an absolute mess now. You have to share all or nothing, no in-between, and if you choose to not share homes when one user it's a device in their room it takes it out of another person's home. Very frustrating.
Far exceeded my expectations. Still struggle with a few Google apps lacking a finished program feel to them, and home with music play is no different. But I am delighted to have basically all music available whenever. I'm confident Google will continue to surprise me
I use this app on a Samsung S9+ which has always worked well with my Chromecast, Google Homes and T-Stats. Since the update the only thing I can control now is my T-Stats. Everything else is acting like I'm on a different network. I've uninstalled the google app and reinstalled. Reset my router, reset all my devices. I've even factory reset my Google Home. I was able to use the app to re-set it up, but once complete, the same thing. I've check google home on an old iPhone I have which hasn't updated and everything is visible. I'm not sure what to do now. Feel like I've tried everything.
b"What happened to managing shopping lists? It's been all over the place and now in the new redesign of the app I can't find it anywhere???"
Everything was good till a week or so ago. First the volume fell off the app, now the Google Home (l did a factory reset) isn't talking to the app and the app settings won't open. I've uninstalled the app twice - WTF - from something good a genuine gooy mess has evolved!
Used to work when it came in a package with other Google apps but now that I had to get Home app separately it just doesn't work. Not impressed at all.
With each major update it becomes harder and harder to use and access my shopping list. I can't even find the access link from the app any more. This is disappointing.
I used to be able to just click on the corner and cast my screen. It seems I am unable to do this now. Is there anyway I can get this app to have "cast screen" Edited. Question answered, much appreciated
Since the new update I can only command a few hue lights, the rest Google says it can't understand. It works fine though when I talk to Google on my phone but not the home minis
Since the update in Oct18, only the larger Google Home devices will connect, Minis will not connect; all device groups disappeared and can no longer create device groups - they just don't appear anywhere. Have restarted and reset all devices - no luck. Awful. Edit after Google replied: I'm using a Pixel XL, Android Pie and have un- and reinstalled the app a few times already.
New update has made this app completely unintuitive. Took ages for us to figure out how to cast to google's own audiocast and now i can't even remember how to do it the next morning. This is the one and only thing i use this app for and now it's useless.
since the latest update took a while to figure out mirroring or casting. audio now doesn't work to the chromecast. sound works fine from phone but when u cast music or video no sound comes out. please bring back the old settings new one is utterly rubbish cant even see option to reboot or half the old settings
Can't find way to simply cast my screen anymore. Hidden carefully or removed? Somehow Google is luring us in all kind of deep services, i don't want...
This low score is because I use the app to cast screen and audio to my Chromcast. This option has vanished - is it there at all tucked away or no longer supported? If not, this app has gone from a favourite of mine to useless for me.
I would give 5 if it has all entertainment apps to be use with Chromecast. Even I've tried the screen mirroring, one time can then the next time cannot. I don't understand why.
The new update on October 8th removed all ability to play all phone audio through the app. I used it to play my audio books everyday and now I can't. Hate it.
It's functional, but somewhat of a letdown compared to the high expectations i have for "Google's attempt at organizing/ controlling a smart home". Def has improved over time though and adding new features
It took me forever to find the shopping list! After much googling and searching I found the 3 or 4 steps it took to find it buried in settings. Not intuitive at all. Either make a direct button on the start page or just make an app for the shopping list. We use this function a lot.
Worked great until the last update, now I can't cast anything anymore. I've tried every variation of shutting things down and reinstalling things and it won't work at all. I guess I have to go back to the roku box.
I felt frustrated at first with the changes. I read the complaints and then learned where the cast screen for my cell phone is. I then found my cell i had manually cast LOL. Just kidding. Great ap once learned.
Whoever done this update is working for your competitors and had successfully compromised and damaged many years work for Google. How long do you think it takes to restore reputation (positive reviews), well about 80% of reviewers will not come back to fix rating even if you fix the app to the point it was before. Shame on you Google, you messed up bad. How to revert back to older version? Nice to see changes, but please fix that my bedroom speaker (Google home) now with reduced functionality because it is on different WiFi network, I mean this speaker is connected via Google wifi and used to be well available with all functionality and even now it works well, but updated app says that some functions are unavailable. Chromecast audio also disappeared from the app as well as from home group.
After the latest update, it cannot be manually cast to my TV in my tablet any more. The casting option is gone!!! Rubbish!
Better than before with in-app device control. However with too many devices, scrolling is a problem. The UI is kind of complicated I guess.
Play music is not working properly. I try and cast to one of my groups, the home respond properly and nothing happens. Beyond frustrating. Casting to save group works perfectly fine directly from Play Music.
Like the new look, short learning curve. Had a problem detecting devices at first cleared app cache so back working again. Thanks for the improvements.
Updated app - shopping list disappeared from menu option - please bring back or allow to add as shortcut on app home screen. Please do quickly, I'm going hungry....EDIT:Ok it is still there, just a bit buried in a sub menu, be great if you could add to the home page of the app
Although I welcome the UI update to the app, the update completely f'ed up my configuration at home. I have 4 home devices, a chromecast tv, and chromecast audio. The app can no longer see the devices, although I can speak to them individually. Additionally, I had the speakers connected via a group, but now audio only syncs across two of them. And resetting one of my devices and trying to reconnect it was a failure... Setup "worked", but at the end the Home app said it couldn't connect to the device and to make sure I was on the same wifi.... Ummmm. Big big massive massive failed update for me. Super frustrating. Get it together, Google.
With the update i had trouble finding mirror screen ! if your having the same problem...heres how to do it...when your on the home page On the bottom right corner you have an icon what looks like a profile tab. tap that icon should take you to a list of settings, scroll down and youll see mirror relocated there... Hope this helps !
This was working perfectly with both Chromecasts in my house, but since the update it no longer recognizes that I have any devices in my house. I've rebooted everything as well as uninstalling and reinstalling the app itself. Nothing works. I wish I hadn't updated, as it works just fine with devices without the Google home update. Absolutely garbage update Google. Fix this.
Latest version broke screen mirroring. I used it to stream my Amazon Prime Video. Now it won't let me stream except apps that have it built in. Not cool, please fix
I'm not sure, maybe since my chromecast was made 3 months ago as it is shown on the box the chromecast was packaged in, I may need to update this one, for after every 1/2 hour show I watch I have to start this one over again because when the next show stops at 18%, you know it's not going to start showing.
Update broke my home control. Now everything is "not responding" and unlinking and relinking and rebooting everything didn't work.
can no longer cast directly from phone and other android tablet. It was working fine before the last update. Thanks for wasting my time Google. where is the menu which allowed me to cast from phone and tablets???
Constantly tells me I need to update app when its up to date, which has now made it difficult to cast to my brand new TV. This app is one of the worst products Google has available
Used to work with my Chromecast just fine. Now there's a confusing redesign that makes me go through several screens just to set up my device on a new wifi network, and to top it all off, since this update, my Chromecast claims to no longer be able to reach the internet through multiple otherwise perfectly functioning routers. This update effectively bricked my device.
Crappy and messy, it's horrible, the look of it makes no sense. The only thing it's not lagging. Was hard to figure out where to find the screen mirror. Absolutely hideous. Thanks Google!?
The new update is SUPER confusing. I cant find the cast button on the app. Please make it easier to find.
Neat idea of combining all smart device control into a single app, with poor implementation. Icons need to change based on status of things like lights being on or off.
The newest layout update is amazing! It looks and operates so much smoother than the last. I love that my discover page is separate now because it always showed things irrelevant to me.
Piece of shot constantly disconnects and today when I launched Home the screen is completely different and I spent 30 minutes trying to cast the informational browser screen I have always had running in the waiting room of my office. I am getting militantly sick and tired of software configurations changing without my permission!!! Stop it you asses!!!
All my connections ceased to work on this update. What's going on Google? This is beyond sad
Amazing update to the interface! Finally you can add different homes, share homes, etc! Takes a bit to get used to because it's sooo different but I think it's better in every way so far! Thanks Google! Keep up the great work!
I like the way the old system work, it was changed recently it's absolutely horrible to do anything with Google fix your f****** s*** put it back the way it was or I will f****** throw this thing in the trash f****** retarded
Ever heard of the phrase if it ain't broken don't fix it? You just broke it by updating.. Your app now totally sucks.
Since the last update, I cannot find the shopping list on the google home app anymore. That's what I'm using my google home mini the most for.
No admin rights; reinstalled, restarted networks and devices. I have expensive paperweights
The last update made the Home app unable to function in mirroring phone mode (cast screen&audio). I'm on Android Oreo.
Well.... I want to love it more but its clumsy. Songs don't always work. And tiring it into my home network qirh orher devices seemed easy but it doesnt always work.
Uselessly complicated and impractical. I just needed it to cast my smartphone to my tv but in uselessly trying to make it look cool it has become a quagmire of useless menus and functions I don't need or want to know about and it can't perform even this most simple of actions. Stop trying to make it cool or hip or whatever fancy word you try to sell to your board of directors, JUST MAKE IT PRACTICAL!!! P.S. Luckily the support team answered my review quickly and told me where to find the mirror phone option. It was really well hidden. The question remains: why hide one of the most basic functions this well? I would have never found it on my own and it's in a menu you would never think to look?
New update is horrible. To many menus and list to click through. Had to set up and reclassified my chromecast again with new menus for the umpteenth time. With how unstable the chromecast is, to bury menus for the rebooting the chromecast is just bad. Five menus to get to the reboot option now. Will probably never get a chromecast again because each new update makes it more difficult to control.
Great feature is shoppng lists. But now it's either gone, or so hard to find it. Don't understand the logic.
Was great until they dumbed down the interface in current release. Can't find the routines or other specific settings without searching every menu. Still can't the options I'm looking for. Give me back the old interface!
Finally something that makes sense. But still given that this was originally the Chromecast App, I wish Google would make a separate app for media contents (TV, Movies, Music) similar to Apple TV or Roku Apps. Content for your phone, other devices, Chromecast, Android TV and Google Home Media.
b'Stopped working properly. Unable to use most settings, like room assignment and choosing standard music provider. ??'
I love chromecast and google home app...BUT recently i have updated my phone to Xiomi Poco F1 and i am facing issues while screen mirroring..the screen gets cropped from 3 sides on tv when i mirror my mobile screen on samsung tv of 32 inch. I will appreciate if team can look in to this matter and bring a solution for the same. Thanks
Turns out issue was one wifi bulb that needed to be removed and reset. All good have to get used to new screen.
Was waiting for the new update but it's laggy and doesn't load any of the pages. It's not recognising my devices and doesn't realise that the 2.4ghz WiFi is the same network as the 5ghz one
Well I hate the new update, I have constant issues casting like I've never had before. It's absolute trash to be honest. I can't even cast half of the time without having to turn my TV off and on every time an episode ends. I've done everything you guys have told me to do too on the help page. it's just constant issues and I hate it. I also hate the new format of the app as well. I honestly wouldnt have even given it one star.
New name "Home" is ridiculous. It's chromecast and keep unique name. Stupid idea changing the name
It takes my android TV as external speaker and my home mini is unable to cast to. But normal casting from mobile works great
Why do you update without providing appropriate help? Where is screen casting in New app? Leaving users who are paying for your services in limbo.
The update has totally ruined using the app. Literally nothing works now. That's for being incapable of doing your job
The latest version of Google Home has interested numerous bugs which if when corrected will make this an excellent app. When will TV multicasting be developed?
Thank you Google. Now let's streamline this app so we don't have to scroll as much. Might make it worth buying several chrome casts and minis to replace Alexa. But serious though. Google home mini with aux port please!
Update is horrible, want to roll back to previous version. I can no longer cast to my chromecast. Help is worthless and does not match what I am seeing on screen. Update to previous review, figured it out on my own no thanks to assistant. Wish I could now give it negative stars. Much more difficult to navigate than previous version, not at all intuitive. Assistant still will not allow to cast/mirror from voice commands.
Once again Google's "we know better" developers have completely overhauled this app. Currently watching YouTube to find out how to do the basics as the interface has changed so drastically and is non intuitive. I have not and will not automate my house with Google products because of the way they update. May I suggest that they follow Amazon incremental development philosophy and not Microsoft's " this is what you need because we know better!!" which did not do them much good in the early 2000's. Back to Bluetooth for me. Update, well can't see how you cast your phone, and it appears I can only cast music though my home speakers now. So a cynical (Apple like) ploy to restrict you to google world? Now down to 1 star
b'Finally the new update has resolved the problem with home control devices ??.....when can I get to make a call in India'
Hate this update, I prefer the old version, this new version I can't use any apps to watch anything from my mobile, change it back to old version. This is so rubbish
The most recent update appears to have removed the very functional screen mirror functionality... not happy about this at all...
How do I cast/mirror my phone to my tv?? It's changed and it's really annoying me now!
Couldn't make my smartlife smartplugs work with version 2.6.6.14. Is it a known bug and will there be a fix in the near future ?
I really like the new update. Grouping speakers works much better now. It even works better streaming to my Onkyo. Sometimes it would stall. Now it seems to work great.
Don't have a smart tv but Chromecast dongle and app handle Netflix for all the movies and tv we want. More and more apps joining onto Chromecast compatability all the time.
Not happy with latest update. I used to be able to get to my shopping list in one click. Now it is a scavenger hunt to find it.
I loved it to pieces until it began stopping in the middle of an audio file., what's going on? I haven't had my google home mini for a year yet.
Google Home works very well now that Linksys wireless router received an update that addresses wifi issues.
Worked great til it updated then stopped casting to my tv. Work oit the kinks and I will use again
Great. Much improved. Would be nice to be able to change the order of things on the main screen though. I want to put my most used things at the top
Just got new update. Completely revised, harder to use. Wanted to cast phone screen to Chromecast. Finally found option under "Account" (lower right), scroll down to "Additional", press "Mirror device". Also had to register Chromecasts to the Home group
Why did you dumb the app down so much that I don't get a damned casting option on the app's home screen? Stupid!
The latest update makes the app more intuitive to use. It was always very functional, great job making it visually strait forward.
Updated the app, and had to reinstall and relink everything, and I don't seem to have gotten anything in particular out of doing so, from a user perspective. I also don't seem to have the option to have news headlines shown in the ambient view on my Chromecast, it maybe that's another setting that has been buried somewhere "obvious" to the product team.
Thanks for the response. I overlooked the mirror device option. New update gets 5 stars. Best cast app available hands down.
I've been using Google home for the longest, with this update I can no longer control my smart plugs and smart switch through Google assistant...
My chromecast 2nd generation was absolutely wrong fine for over a year but suddenly I am not able to connect the device to to my TV set. It use to work absolutely fine with the same TV and same HDMI port but now chromecast is not starting up. Once I connect the device I see a black screen screen on TV with chromecast written below. On the starter up device shows an orange blinking light. After that a whites blinking light appears on the device's and the TV shown messages No Signal. I have tried to reboot the device and multiple time but I get the same result. I have also tried factory reset on the device. That time I get a message on my TV as Invalid Format with a white blinking light on the device. Request me to assist me with the solutions.... I am feeling devastated and fed up. Also there is no nearest service station available for chromecast. I have been sending feedback on fro last two weeks but no replies from Google's end... Hence had to give 2 star Hi! Thanks for the prompt reply! I tried connecting it with my neighbors TV and it got connected. After that I again tried to connecting it with my TV. But I facing the same issue. Its nothing connecting on any of the Hdmi ports on my TV. Please resolve and revert with a solution to this issue.
The new update is incredible. Brings together all of the most common functions I need to manage my smart home from one place. Well done, Google!
The change is horrible I think they need to make the interface even easier to use... Looks ugly.
Using for years but latest update makes it UN-usable. The menu button has disappeared!
Having the option to cast to my tv buuuut have audio routed to phone for headphones would make my life worth living.
Utter Destruction - the app is now totally useless. WORST UPDATE EVER!!! What the heck were you thinking?!!!
I have never review a app before but i had to for this app because of the new update. All i can say is that OMG i love it and its so much easier now than it was, its that easy to any age or ability can use it. Ive got Google home's and mini's in every room. Only wish they would update the Google Wi-Fi like this update. Thank you Google from your no1 fan lol.
What is this nonsense update, cannot mirror the screen. Took 30 minutes to find the mirror option and that also does not work. What is happening?
b'Dont like the change. I cant seem to mirror my phone anymore to my tv and keeps saying it cant find my tv. All i need is a basic app that allows you to cast ??????'
the new update is rubbish!! why try to fix something that's not broken!!
After the Oct 2018 update, the new "home" control panel is awesome and makes the app worthy of staying on the homescreen fulltime. The main change I'd like to see is being able to see individual light switches in each room, instead of groups alone. You can currently to individual switches by tapping about 5 or 6 times through menus, but I'd like to see an option to put them on the main menu.
Update: Why Netflix and YouTube no longer appears in app to cast for Chromecast? Please assist, thanks.
I'm really liking the new continued conversation mode, multiple voice actions, and custom routines/timed schedules
Way too bright, needs dark mode. My Pixel 2 is set for dark mode, but this app way too bright. No way I would use it to control my Lifx wifi lights.
This new version has made it much harder to get to my shopping list, the only thing I use it for.
You buried the "mirror device" command under "personal" / " additional" as if mirroring a device is some secondary use.
Works great, LOVE the new Oct update! Wish devices that were currently playing would move to the top of the list.
When you wake up in the morning to mirror movies with yours kids and spend over an hour trying to figure out to screen your phone and can only get google music playing?? Not cool.. we were just using this last night and I'm getting pretty enraged not being able to figure this $#!* out.. edit.. after spending 1hr-1/2 I finally figured out how to mirror this stupid thing. Completely annoyed.. to cast the screen you need to go to the account icon at the bottom (last one) and there will be option to mirror device. And then cast screen
Nearly good but infuriating. I just want to be able to say: "device X do Y, device X get Y or device X set Y and list devices or device settings".
New layout is much better but it's about time you catered for non US customers. Still no media alarm clock for the UK??!!
Where has the shopping list gone? now the app is just switches, light bulbs and streaming services. I can still shout things i need to pick up at my google mini but no way of managing the list od been able to see it while out shopping. 3 stars because my most used feature has been removed and had to out tech'd by a pencil and paper. :( update: so shopping list (among other frequently used features) is now hidden away in the depths of settings. which design genius was behind this lay out? My guess would be one who only uses the app to turn their lights on and watch tv. down to 2 stars for a thoughtless gui design that could have been topped by a visiting class of school children.
Not sure what's going on with Google calls but when I call someone from my Google home devices the phone number I verified (mobile number) is showing on phones as a completely different number so the part where it says "so people know it's you" is a bit of a lie, because nobody knows the number it shows
This app sucks I try and connect a new chromecast and it says the app is out of dat it needs an update so I go to do that only to find out there is no update
The new update is nothing short of amazing. Everything you n to control your smart devices is front and center making the app truly worth using.
Please provide a way to disconnect old/no longer available phones from Google Home. When I ask Google Home to "Find my phone.", I don't want Google to list phones which no longer exist!
A fantastic reimagining of the app but still plenty of room for improvement. Routines needs to be more easily accessible and Browse needs to either be made useful of simply removed. We also need to be able to change the order of the rooms and group lights within rooms rather than being restricted to all or one. Finally, I cannot change the colours or scenes on my Hue bulbs. Finally, I like the way that Chromecast icons animate to show when in use, something similar for bulbs would be really useful. Alternatively, a toggle switch so you can see whether the bulb is on or off would serve the same purpose.
I love this new app so much! I've wanted this for so long. One place for all my smart devices. It's what I was using the alexa app for. Even though there is still a it of a way to go to catch up with the alexa app I've moved over to this anyways. Would love to see colour control for lights and timers and the ability to create groups of devices.
The one thing I use away from home, the shopping list, is now buried deep in the menu. Seems backwards that things I can access via the voice interface are on the main page. I finally decided to add a Chrome shortcut directly to my phone with the shopping list url so I am not trying to remember where in the Home app to find my list when I'm in the store shopping. From a functional aspect I am dissatisfied with the addition of pictures to the shopping list because the number of items per page was greatly reduced and the font seems smaller. Now it's necessary to scroll and zoom on the list which increases the possibility of accidentally dragging items off the screen, especially while walking through a store while shopping.
Where is the shopping list? We cannot turn on the Nest camera from within the app. I love the new design.
Some insane drunk on lsd wrote the user interface. Please get them some mental help!
I Can Not Mirror shared With Any Of My Android Devices Send This Latest Update From October 5 2018 Please Fix The Proposal Please Please And Thank You it Will Be Greatfull Appreciated
Latest version won't allow my devices to play my music from my Google Play Library due to content filters that I can't turn off.
After the update it is unable to control any of my smart home devices, the app sees them, but puts up an error, which is really frustrating and makes the home mini I have 60% useless
The new update has tied into my Home Assistant Raspberry Pi to provide a fantastic interface for my home automation. This allows my wife and kids to use their iPhones with Homekit seamlessly with all of our Google Home voice assistance devices in the house.
Has had some bugs in the last update, which has meant my Chromecast and home minis have been visible but not editable in the app and have been unable to connect to them. Going through full reset of whole network and factory reset of individual devices hasn't fixed this.
THEY KEEP CHANGING THE USER INTERFACE INSTEAD OF MAKING THE ADVERTISED FEATURES WORK. THE INTERFACE CHANGES ARE PROBABLY TO HIDE THINGS THAT DON'T WORK. TIME TO BREAK UP A MONOPOLY MAYBE?
Incredibly easy to setup and use, best way to watch Netflix on TV. I will be buying second Chromecast for another TV when they are back in stock
New update is horrible can even find anything anymore all my devices disconnected and won't connect back tried uninstall Google home and reinstalled didn't work horrible job Google
Version 2.6.6.14 introduced many welcome smart device control enhancements however it is overriding the programmed schedules on our Nest 3rd Gen and Honeywell RT9508 thermostats. Unlinking the Nest and Honeywell accounts from the Home/Assistant services allow the devices to follow their respective programmed schedules.
Hate this upgrade. Cannot cast my audio to Google home mini
Love Chromecast. I have purchased 2 of them. One for my bedroom TV and one for my living room TV. Casting right from my phone or tablet makes perfect sense. Traditional remote controls are just ancient tech or for the tech challenged. Keep up the fantastic work Google!
Why does this app keep on changing UI? With the latest version it couldn't detect my Chromecast anymore! I factory reset my CC and go through setup again, only for the app to tell it it couldn't detect just after I completed the setup! So annoying.
Design: why can't we have colourful google logo on google home products. The brand logo should be highlighted and attractive.
Update. Working well now. Seems to drain battery a bit. Since the Google home rebrand, the app has been stopping randomly and loosing connection with Google music. Went back to an older apk and it's working again. Need to fix this.
Ever since the new update, I can't mirror my screen like I used to. Now it's just choppy and plays for 3 seconds then lags for 10 seconds, then catches up for another 3 seconds. What a pile.
I literally used this for one thing, remotely rebooting my Chromecast because they're finicky. And you removed that. What the fuck is the point of this app then? I'd uninstall it but no it's baked in to the rom isn't it.
b"Hi Google guys and girls, the new update has stopped me from casting anything to all of my chromecast and audiocast... Please fix this bug. It's frustrating that every casting device has stop working at the same time. ????"
Prefer old set up like others on hete stating .i cant see my video playing on my phone at the same time thats rubbish why change bloody things
The new app design is nice but seems to have removed the ability to change voice and language of Google Home. If it's still in there please help because it's certainly not easy to find.
Updated review. The app does look like a cleaner version from the previous one, but to change the app and it's features in a way that is almost invisible to find is some what frustrating for the user.
Awful App. Impossible to connect a Chromecast V1 to another WiFi network. Even after a hard reset of the Chromecast the Google Home App fails to setup the device. Get your act together!
Why does the app has a big microphone icon on it? I don't need it. I never will use it as my accent isn't comprehensible for it to understand what it is I am saying.
I don't get it, it doesn't show status for any of my lights. They all just have the light bulb icon that's always on looking. So you have to click each light to see if it's on or off. What kind of home control app doesn't have the icons match the status of the lights??
It just doesn't work anymore. Ever since the new update I can't cast anything, even after factory resetting my Chromecast and setting it up again.
I've tried everything to reconnect my Google Home, but my device suddenly can't be found after the latest update! I'll review higher once this issue is fixed.
Latest version gives even less control (!) of my Chromecast Audio with no way to encourage it to show up in apps like BBC iPlayer Radio.
Full UI overhaul and they still haven't fixed the bug that the app won't let people with Samsung phones do voice training for the Google home. Google, fix your app.
What did you do? All settings are gone! Changes wifi username and now I can't connect to any of my chromecasts because they're all still connected to the old one! There's no setting on the "new" app to update wifi!
I can no longer cast my phone screen to my television. The app is practically useless now. Terrible move. *hiss* *boo*
they took off the screen cast option on a recent update. I have a galaxy s6 and since the screen cast is gone, this app, and the chromecast I spent money on is of no use anymore.
Good app. Only problem I have is when using the discover feature. I have Showtime Anytime. Home keeps suggesting movies on Showtime that are old and no longer on Showtime.
I cannot find my shopping list when I am away from my home mini. The whole point of using Google home mini to add to my shopping list is void if I cannot access at the supermarket.
Use the app daily to mirror my android screen onto my TV. Now that function is just not there ! What's going on with the latest update! I need to be able to mirror my screen ! Or my Chromecast is pointless
Bullshit since oct 5 update. Tried 10 times to add family member. On receiving side just opens home app and then nothing. Booooooooooo
Since the very recent update everything has changed and no longer able to connect to my chromecast. Bring back the last version please
I cannot link any account (Broadlink, Mi account and similar) to google home after last update still not working.... Same situation on my iphone and ipad...
I only have 1 wifi network, I've restarted everything there is to restart, still cant find the chromecast, only on this phone my tablet and laptop can see it
Poor app being from Google, no option to delete the already added setup. No option to connect to any other WiFi... Couldn't give 0 rating
Why did google move the screencast button from main page to accounts>sett ings>cast screen ??? It took me 2 days to find it. Please put,it back to main page.
The new update is horrible and not user friendly. I can't cast my screen
Carnt mirror phone screen since new update dont know how can eani1 help got hold of google not much help useless
Ever since the most recent update, Google Home voice controls no long control Chromecast, everything worked fine a few days ago but in prime Google fashion an update removes features while making the interface prettier. Google Home and Chromecast are basically useless at this point thanks for baiting me into buying 3 Google homes and Chromecast just to have them be bricks. UPDATE. Now no playback controls work, I used to be able to cast the app Pockcasts to any of my Home speakers and then use voice controls to play/pause skip forward/back and change episode now all the "Assistant" does is give me some stupid comment about not needing a break when I ask to to pause. If there was ever something Google could do to make me switch to the Echo this is it, you used to have the best "Smart" speaker on the market now its just a useless puck.
It won't let me connect to the fricken wifi and it's broken STUPID
Google. What have you done? This App looks like it was written by a 5 year old. It's not intuitive at all. Quite the opposite. Terrible user interface.
Hello I have google home mini speaker with whom i want to attach Bluetooth speaker so can you let me know how to do that because I searched in App but don't find its option so please help me.
Why on earth have you buried the cast function?
The update has broken the app, as it no longer works with Chromecast. The standard suggestion of resetting the app and restarting everything does not work.
Overall I like the update. However I am unable to lock or unlock my Nest Yale lock with it. It just shows a settings cog next to the lock icon.
Was great until the latest update removed the ability to cast whatever I wanted to Chromecast and my home mini, you're turning into Apple and that's not a compliment
Acts up a lot lately. For the most part good app
This new update sucks I now can't cast to my t.v. via my chrome cast I'm about to throw it in the bin as it is now useless
Since the update, the top menu tab had disappeared and so I can't find my shopping list. Aaaargh!
The option to cast screen has moved. Someone here from Google had advised "from Home home screen, select left corner ..." The option does not exist in the new version. What it SHOULD say is: Go to home screen of the app, press the "person" button at bottom far RIGHT, then find mirror screen towards the bottom in the additional settings. The release management of this significant update has been pitiful.
App will no longer mirror phone like ot did. Your up date took that away. What other app will mirror phone?
New version is slow, does not detect chromecasts as prev version and cannot change volume as before. Please bugfix or rollback to old version
As a low vision person I am totaly blinded by the light GUI. Please, provide an option for dark theme. Thanks
The top left menu to cast my phone/device disappeared with the latest update!!!
The app does nothing but crash on my V30. It's 100% useless right now. I don't know what happened.
New update does not allow for screen cast from phone to TV. (Or I cannot find a way anymore)
Your latest update is a disaster...I can even cast to my tv as there is no option anywhere to do so
Crashes Plex Trouble casting since update :(
Since new update can't mirror phone screen to Chromecast get your stuff together Google. How are there 3rd party companies doing it better than you at your own app
Latest update completely borked my 1st gen Chromecast setup and now won't recognize the device in the room, even after a factory tater mmm reset of the Chromecast.
Google modified app and can no longer chromecast from Samsung S9+ to Samsung Tv. The programmers destroyed the App.
I used to be able to mirror cast my device now I can only use Chromecast for YouTube very frustrating
Where's my shopping list gone? There was nothing at all wrong with the older version, but the new one sucks.
Never works. Always problems. Connects to chromecast in 1 of 100 cases. Shows notification: "Connection to chromecast failed" most of the time
b'They killed it with this new update, now a must have. All controls have be revamped and easier to access. I LOVE IT!!!! ??'
With the new update I can't connect to either of my devices will only allow me to play music and I have no idea where the music is coming from it's none of the music i have on my phone. Before the update I could connect in seconds...
After the update the app suddenly failed to mirror the mobile on TV. But the prompt response of developer helped us to find problem.
Great app. Hope the new design is more concentrated on usability, because the first screen is always showing apps you can install... That's NEVER the first thing you want to do..
After this last update I tell my Google home mini to play music and it's perfect when I tell it to turn the music off it tells me sorry I don't understand what happened with this update Google it worked fine before.
This app used to be good now they are just allowing you to do the things you have to pay for. Will be returning mine if this does not change
You took something not broke and tried to fix it. An uncomplicated app now seems indecipherable.
As you have updated the app the mirror cast audio has stopped working really unhappy with this
I am not able to mirror my Android screen to my tv. I use a moto g5 s plus.
What happened to the screen mirror the update made it all stupid
So so hard to cast the device, and I have a Google pixel phone. A terrible update.
It's gotten better recently, but it's still a terrible experience and has been for some time. Settings are hidden in strange places, and it's clear they didn't think this one though. I expected more from Google
Totally useless..lost Chromecast from my phone and tablet now can't cast to tv anymore!
I hate the new version. Connection is much slower and lags. Hard to find the mirror my phone button.
This new app isn't working, even after rebooting, factory reset, new app installation and what not. It finds the TV but the cast button isn't activated. With the old app all was fine. We are using a Galaxy S2 to mirror.
I can't find Google voice in the app. Google home tells me to go to the app and the option is not there
Well done, much better app than before. Works good in conjunction with my Google homes and Chromecasts. Grouped in rooms with all hue lights, tp link plugs and nest thermostat. Good job.
Formerly great app, ruined in the new version. Used to take 2 clicks to cast my phone screen. now it takes 4. I still can't find where they hid the Chromecast reboot button.
I can't find my shopping list anymore. Where has it gone? I used to be able to click on the hamburger icon and find it there but now I don't even have a hamburger icon.. what's happened?
Mostly great app, but why can't Google home interact with my ANDROID TV? It will control a chrome cast, and even turn on an HDMI CEC TV, but not my TV with Google software on? Come on, this needs to change!
Awesome update. Love having all devices in one place on home screen... Well done
Omg! This is amazing! The latest version is exactly what I was looking for with an app to manage my home! Keep up the great work
This new update is trash I use this mostly for mirror casting now you have to do more to get to it, and when youtube takes a shir in order to reboot the device I have to unplug it I get that google is trying to compete with competator but maybe they should make another app for them and just one for chrome cast
Can't change colour of Philips hue bulbs from within the app (or it isn't easy to figure out)
I got it for its potential mostly, I need to get a compatible device to plug my lights into so I can have access to an overhead light that I don't have to use on a wall switch.
Doesn't support Google Photos, how to control tv volume when casting videos using Chromecast
Excellent update. Easier to control my lights and smart devices. Love the groups which I have had set up for a while but are now visible in the app. Good work coders!
The new update is super pretty and easy to navigate and control from. I definitely want routines available as buttons to start from the app but otherwise I can't complain.
Unable to cast my pixel 2xl through my google home. No option in the new app.
Since the last update I haven't been able to find my shopping list, I can add it through my Google Home but can't find where it's updating on my phone now!
With the latest version the scenes created with yeelight app do not work anymore
This new update is glorious, literally everything you need in a beautiful layout and right where it should be... It's about time
Had to contact support through chat to find the screen mirror option. It's been inconveniently hidden under account settings, scroll down to Additional, Mirror device. I wish there was just a simple shortcut to this on the home screen since I use it every day.
Hats off to the developers for the recent update that simplifies the interface and allows for control of linked P2P devices without having to open another app. Keep up the good work!
Not as simple to screen cast as before but it's ok.
b'cannot mirror phone to cast on tv after latest update so going to have to bin it ??????????'
Where is the cast button?!?!?! Can't understand why they've made such a simple task on the old app so impossible. Can someone tell me how to cast? Why couldn't they update their instructions?
Thanks for your speedy reply on how to find the shopping list with the update. I would rather not go through three steps to get to my shopping list. Can you recommend a shotcut?
Because of new update my Chromecast stoped and not responding. I can't mirror my mobile.
Stupid. They got rid of the option to cast my screen to the TV. Hate the change
I have 2 mini and a home with the idea that I could play my music which I uploaded to Google play music..... You can't so useless for me. Wish I could return all 3 and but Alexa
I really liked this app before but now I love it after the latest update. Google has done a fantastic job on bringing in home controls that are simple and intuitive to use.
Cannot easily cast android screen to television like previous version.
The latest update is not showing my devices only. The Chromecast is not getting connected to my wifi and on screen it's showing me that chrome cast is ready to cast don't know what to be done
Total junk tried rebooting three times with no luck. Waste of 40 bucks.
Cannot find devices since update. The help suggestions dont work.
"I'm not sure how to help with that just yet" What happened to "routines" since the last update?
The newest incarnation of Google home for my android tablet is a complete disaster , it serves only as a marketing tool for Google Play Music , it will not disconnect streams from Chromecast , it does not work as written up: what a terrible update ! I'll revise this review if they make it go back to the functionality it had even two weeks ago .
I used to easily cast my mobile screen to my tv to play games on my phone & watch on tv. I can no longer do that
Update made the whole experience of using my Chromecast a lot more complicated
Notably worse for me after update. No longer clear when a Chromecast is in use from home page, replacing a background art image with just a slight change in text, have to move to the discover tab for the previous style which I find more accessible which seems a little counter intuitive. Also, and this may be a coincidence, but my soundbar no longer automatically starts from standby when I cast to it ever since the update, which has rendered hands free voice command control useless as I now still have to reach for the device remote. Not all bad though, can now access volume controls for devices prior to streaming which is useful and the extra options do look interesting if a little complicated. Just feels like a step backwards as I find I am having to interact with the app for longer now. Oh and one final thing... That's a lot of retina burning white, is there a dark theme option?
b"It is currently a bug fest! Won't even work well with Chromecast ??"
Was great until it nbn updated. Now i cant get it to do anything besides play music on my tv.
Please put the "Mirror Device" on the main screen, so we don't have to dig into the app to find it. Oh, and why change the term? "Cast Device" was easy to find and made sense.
Filled with a lot of Google junk for which I have no need or desire!
Never seems to pair all my speakers and way to difficult to use .
Used the app to access shopping list on the go, but new update has hidden it behind a bunch of options under settings. Easier just to avoid the app now
Works great with Nest.. Please add Ring video doorbell.
Got a reply from devs about mirroring the device. Reinstalled! Thought it was gone for good. Maybe move it up some on the list so its more visible, or add an icon for it.
I just opened this app so I'm not sure how good it really is
Since last update I'm not able to connect to my TV. The new updated version isnt self explaining. Will shift to another system.
New update (2.6.. 6.14) has improved the Google home app experience 100 better than before easy to navigate much cleaner looking.....
All devices have been disconnected since the most recent update
New update is absolutely awful will not mirror my phone
Home mini device Mic not perform good
Problems with Chromecast built-in if it does not work with anything.
Thanks for nothing. Like someone else gone from OK to catastrophic overnight.
The UI is now completely unintuitive and disorganized.
What did you do!? Now I can only see devices on the same Wi-Fi Id? I have multiple networks and those devices aren't working now. Netflix says unlinked even though it's linked and relinked on the app
They made a newer version of the Google home app but they should add the ring when you try to add your phone number they can call you instead of text messages to verify your phone number
Very difficult to set up. Voice match keeps deleting and locking.
Latest update means you can't cast phone screen. Rubbish.
This app used to be so easy now Who ever did this upgrade they missed it up bad
The recent updates suck. I'm no longer able to stream.
Since the update it has rendered my Chromecast audio useless.
I like the new interface but I can't find routines anymore any help on that as the only way I can get routines is by having Google recommend them on notifications tab please help
Since the recent update I can't control any of my devices. The cast button isn't showing up in any other apps, and the home app is telling me my devices are offline, WHILE my Chromecasts are playing music started through my Google home mini... Very flaky. Please fix!
Latest update broke calender settings. 4 updates later and calender is still broken. Now a few other things are broken too. The more you update the more the app gets bugs.
Changes are awful n make it so much harder to use
It use to mirror my Pandora on my phone but now it keeps disconnecting when I try to mirror to Pandora. Edit: Still isn't mirroring. Keeps disconnecting to Pandora. I uninstalled Google home app and reinstalled. Unplugged my Google home as well.
I HAVE USET GOOGLE ASSISTANT FOR My SMATHOME, And I got a lot device's ALMOST SINCE THE RELEASE DATE, AND IT'S NOW IN DANISH, BOO HOO AND NOW my TV will NOT TURN ON MY TV AND A LOT MORE PROPELY NOT WORKING, HARMONY NOT SUPPORT IN YOUR COUNTRY OHH YEAR I HAVE USED IT FOR LONG TIME NOW, Hey Google your fired. If your not fix this Zap.
We need widgets !!! This app is almost perfect now, some widgets for controlling on off switches would be great, it would be one stop solution for home control.
Thanks for the fast reply on how to cast from android.
Difficult to connect Spotify free to Google home mini.
I can't find my shopping list in the new version. There wasn't any logic in old app, but I could find it. Now it seems more logical but I can't find shopping list at all.
What the hell ! Google cromecast 2, and google home app if you can't cast your content without wifi , and you can't cast online content with mobile data.
I love this device. So small yet so useful. I could play almost any media using this. Thank you Google team for bringing Chromecast to the world.
What did you guys do you ruined this app you suck
Can you update this app for Google assistant is used not only connected by wi-fi but it is connected by mobile data
Mobile casting option not visible post upgrade
Not thrilled about the update....its not as intuitive as before.
New update looks great and organization is fantastic!
Cannot change the color and color temperature of my RGB lights, ebev thought they are recognized as RGB or light sources.
Excellent app to control your entire smart home. Devices are easy to control and add and the new redesign is wonderful. I think widgets would be a nice addition.
Google made the shopping list impossible to use.
Am I the only one that feels they should have left the app the way it was? If it works DON"T FIX IT. Some of my devices quit working after the update, I can no longer find where to change languages, It's basically useless compared to the way the old app was. Does this new app update do anything more then the way it was before the update? What was the advantage of this update?
Would be helpful if any timers running were visible in the main screen. Also function to turn TVs off/on would be good.
I absolutely HATE the new design of the Google Home app. Went to the store and couldn't find my shopping list. It's IMPOSSIBLE to find anything in the new design. Please change it back. I HATE the new one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Only use Google home for the Chromecast, but since the update I can't figure out how to mirror my phone to my t.v.
Was great. Then they updated. We had seven people using this app before the update. Now zero. Penthouse to the pavement. People were paid for this?
Most recent update seems to make my Gen 1 Chromecast devices invisible :(. Can no longer cast to them.
How to set the routine. I had got an option to set routine on Home app and want to change it now however there is no option called "Routine".
LOVE the new app, but would appreciate the ability to rearrange rooms. Alphabetically Bathroom is at the top, but my least used room!
I used to be able to mirror my screen to my tv through Chromecast. Doesn't seem to have that option anymore. Was the reason I bought the Chromecast
Like the new design. I feel that it's well organized, wish I can see a widget with the lights on and off button, broadcast and settings
This app is what I've always wanted. Controlling my home gadgets with one app easy and fairly quick.
Google developers. What were you thinking!! Why place casting screen DEEP INSIDE THE APP. Extremely disappointed!!
Finally good update, that fixed, most of the issues. Thank you!
Nothing to say. Just amazing if you have a sore throat
Very useful app with a Chromecast. Initially flaky, it continues to improve with new versions.
I love the new Home controls, thank you! I would also Adore a really nice widget with selected controls on my Home Screen
Well it's not easy to find shortciuts!!
The latest update removed the menu and now I can't connect to home mini to cast to it from my phone!
I now cannot stream my music from my phone to google home. What have you guys done?.
Instead of content on the Home app it's now all of my smart devices, separated by room, on one screen. Fantastic remodel.
Not cast mobile screen only some time it's working Google chrome cast horrible don't buy this stupid things
There is no music provider in my country So I can't play music like normal by my voice order
What the hell i loved the old set up now it wont even let me cast now hate this dong get it its terrible
How do I access my shopping list now? EDIT: OK... so why is it in settings now? it's not a setting.
With latest update all my smart plugs stopped working.
b'La \xc3\xbaltima actualizaci\xc3\xb3n es incleible, super fluida, sigan as\xc3\xad! ?????? Es bueno que no se olviden de actualizarlo!!!'
How about a widget for easy access to my smart devices?
At last, a better version you can work with. Thx!
The cast button is not showing on facebook videos on the samsung galaxy express 3.works everywhere else.I have rebooted and re-installed and no luck.I re-booted router and no luck.I am on same Wifi and no luck.This problem has been going on for weeks.I uninstalled and reinstalled facebook and no luck..I have done everything from my end..Works on samsung tablet and PC,but not phone.I should not have to mirror the screen.I didn't have to do that before,the cast icon was there..Fix this.Many people are having the same problem and rebooting blah blah blah does nothing.I bought this Chromecast to cast from phone and tablet to Tv screen and used to work fine.
Where do I just cast the screen I'm seeing on my tablet, it was there before now it's not,?
Starting to get back to what it was when in first bought a home mini
Very unfriendly cannot cast
The new update killed chromecast
Broke smart life devices...please fix
I love the new update but I cant use continued conversation on my Google Home Mini for some reason.
Love the new version and thanks for fixing support for properly controlling Netflix shows on the Chromecast. Love the nest cam quickview!
I can't mirror my android after your new update.
Much needed update!, I would love to be able to change the colors of the lights instead of just the brightness.
I love the new update app with shortcuts on the main screen. Hope they have or they will add a customizable widget.
After recent update I am not getting option to mirror my phone screen.
Why did Google move mirror device under account/ additional? Why force me to use Google music?
Changed it and now its awful.
Since update I can't create a speaker group... I have tried everything, reset, reboot etc
This app is very easy to use. It makes managing the home very easy.
Thanks to google s reply i found the mirror button so im a dum dum haha but great app then
I actually want to know if we can lock this device so i can only be the one who will be able to play on it
Other than disconnecting every 15 minutes or so, great. Why aren't you fixing Google?
b'Still there is no way to connect with Hotel wifis or open wifis which required PINs on the browser . ??'
It didn't work for me
Very Nice update, future-like! The YouTube video was VERY nice feature too.
Unable to do screen mirroring ?
Casting works again after Google home update 10/9/18. Thanks for fixing it. Hopefully it'll stay that way.
Tell Audio and Google Home devices A... Best chrome cast smart Tv your Thanks for Google///Dhaka Bangladesh
What happened to the shopping list? I can't find it anywhere in the app anymore.
When firestick has YouTube why can't Chromecast have Amazon Prime Video.
I cant cast with the new update not easy anymore
New UPDATE SUCKS AND CHANGES FUNCTIONALITY WE HAVE GROWN TO EXPECT FIX
Works wish it had more freedom to cast what ever you like from phone to tv like Samsung feature mirror
I'm really liking how clean the new update looks
You still have a lot of work to do.... 5 point for Chromecast but just 1 point for Google Home
Support was very quick in responding and I got the issue I had resolved and can now use it as intended.
Ambient mode is using too much data. Must be able to turn it off.
Found the shopping list thanks :) Everything back to normal.
Last update did it for me... Useless...
Where's the explore feature
Great. I enjoy communicating with it.
Shopping list was useful. Now I can't find it.
Update as totally jinxed mine
Hate this updated app.
Can I go back to the previous version ?? Everything still perfect in other devices before the update
Hi, now i dont find the option to mirror my phone screen?
Very convenient. My husband and I have 5 mini Google's throughout our home.
This update sucks bring back my shopping list
Cannot browse chrome google itself. No instruction on it
Ok, latest update seems to have removed shopping list
Shity update, that's what I think........
New update seems great so far, but please and widgets for light control etc etc
useless, keeps crashing
Where has my shopping list gone with this new version?
Doesn't work crap
It is inconsistent with the ability to function properly
How to mirror my mobile screen after latest update?
When can we get the new update in Canada
Please include hindi also for the google home mini
Why can i not connect anymore after the update
Please put the menu button back. It was way easier to get to my shopping list.
Mobile screen cast not working after updates
The device is not connecting with my mobile j7
the lastest update is BS. cant even connect to my chromecast an inch away ffs..
Since update i can't watch anything. Mirror device don't connect.
Bengali (4th rank in world) should be included
Still I can't make call on my google home mini!!..
The rework of the app makes so much sense.
Much prefer the old setup. How do I cast my screen to my television?
Cast audio button is pulled off in this update
It worked until you dipshitz updated it
The new apps update cant link to my tv..
No consigo mais espelhar o Tablet
It is very buggy, i cant believe they release this without acceptance testing.
Why i can not cast from my phone anymore?
Can't get phone and cast on same network
I love this app. I use it all day at work never had any problems with it
Thanks for the recent update. A solid step forward.
I love everything about Google and I'm so looking forward to upgrading with more products.
Why is everything you make an app, Google.
You can't cast phone screen to tv
Even though the setting for others to cast to the device was off, someone was able to still cast to it.
Still can't access Calendars (Australian English)
I Want Apple Music Support!
What happened to mirroring my phone to chromecast?
I think its so cool to use and especially listening to music...good work
Since update cabt cast screen
Its hard now chromecast the ipad
Its not working with my tv
Think the new layout is to busy now
Please add video calling facility
Since the update apps won't cast
This app worked fine now it sucks can't use it what a bunch of BS
Would be five stars if it added Ring integration
The new update won't let me cast from my phone and i hate it
One app to control them all.
Why did you remove easy access to the shopping list in the latest update?
You didn't need to change the app.
Seems to be working well.
Very good app use ful
Not user friendly
Can't change Internet on chromecat
Where did the shopping list go?
previous version was much better. Cast audio and video option is now hidden.
I cant connect my phonw in the tv ot really sucks and is useless
Where did shopping lists go?
Google Home need still lot of update...
thanks for the change log!
Missing colour picker for my hue bulbs but otherwise an excellent improvement
You suck with the update
Its from Google what more to say
It's working offl line
Go back to the old app
no screen mirroring now
Cast is gone from the latest update
Cant cast after update
Need to get to Bluetooth setting
Unifies all the devices nicely and makes the house actually feel smart.
New update was terrible
would like this app to show the colour and state of lamps used in apps like Hue
It will do for now
Great one stop shop to control all devices in your home.
b'Making entertainment, controlling devices and getting information very easy, ????'
I have a Google Home and a Google Home mini Training the mini seemed easier to me.
Not an improvement at all a step backwards as far as lay out goes
Going to accounts to mirror phone is now on lower right. You are welcome.
Cant control the media.
Horrvel aps atualizao. Antes funcionava bem agora um lixo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm glade in choose it
Prefer old app as can't get it to mirror my phone
Its was so easy to cast it to the tv before you updated it :((
Absolutely f**king perfect! At last! Jesus Christ.
Child account removed?
99% be right back
Won't work
Seems to work fine, now that I'm connected properly
Loving the new update to control devices direct through the app
the new update sucks
New update sucks
b'This latest update is incredible. Keep up the great work. ????'
Great hub app
This app is awesome and hoping for further smart features.
Make it able to share routines with people in the same household.
It's nice to see everything sectioned off neatly
It's pretty good
Update changed easy to harder for using settings
Excellent app. Everything works as expected. Recommended with google home.
I like the redesign! Very simple, useful, and beautiful!
Kindly incorporate other languages like Urdu kashmiri
Finally a great update with a proper home dashboard!
This new version is very nice and much much better
It suxks now,,,was better before update, i wont be using anymore
Love the newest update!! Keep up the good work!
Please, add function to make "macro" or automating function
Latest update 11-10-18 really helpful and easy to use
Very good easy to use perfect work
Im happier now thanks google home
The new home dashboard is great!
Amazing device and best home friend!
Very good and a absolutely easy to use.
Now this is a proper Google home app.
Thanks for the help 5 star's brilliant
It's ok
Love it so far... well reevaluate in the future
Great update! Pls add Frontpoint home security.
Awesome app. No complaints at all
Very easy to use
Plain and simple.highly undrrated device and app.
I love it, this was the update that I was waiting for.
It improved a lot with the last update
Love the new home view interface
Update is garbage
It sucked Sweet improvement but simplify simplify simplify....
2k 18
it nice and helpful .add more language.
The redesign is fantastic. Well done.
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is extremely easy to you.
It's ok.
Latest update is fantastic. Thankyou.
The new view is amazing
Would be nice to get it in Danish
Great until the redesign that I just got!!!!!!!!
this app connected with Chromecast device
Best app Google has
Great job with the new update
b'I loved this update!!!! Congratulations Google!!! ??'
Perfect as always Google!
Good job fixing this app
New update is fantastic.
Loved the new update.
complicated ..
Best update yet.
I love this App.
thanks for reply me...i am happy now...:)
Wow Amazing..... No words to say
Fantastic!
Great App!
Love it. Smart Home.
Very nice!!
Thanks...
A vast improvement
Clear and empowering redesign
I love Google
New update is awesome
Very smart app
Totally amazing app
I Love It
Google cast is awesome
The best experience
I love it
Great app
Hate it!!!!!!
b'Loved it ??'
Thanks
Ok
Ok
good and fast.
It's great
Good
nice app
Never disappointed
Love the games
So cool
Good for information
Fun to play
Very nice
Awesome update
Great update
I enjoy
It is great
Very nice
great app
Invasive
Rubbish
Satisfied
nice
Nice
Love it
Love it
Good
love it
Awsome
Love it
Love it
Good
Good
Superb
Awesome
Great
b'AWESOME??????'
Fantastic
Very.........nice.......................super......
Won't work without WiFi. That would have been nice to know before waiting 30 minutes to spend $25 for something I can't use. I had ScreenBeam and it worked great.... Until I got my new phone... Google wants you to use their product. So they're you go Google, you got my money and I got diddly!
Well I decided to add to my GH by buying the Lenovo smart display, but now the GH app won't do voice match or personal results for it.. either every time I say ok Google its not registering or it does take my voice, but when I finish the only button to hit is " no thanks" !! I've uninstalled, reinstalled, nothing works. I had this issue one other time with the voice match not working.. what is going on???
Loved this app along with my Google home, and 2x Google home minis up until the last week or 2. My internet randomly cuts out now and drops connection. Reading about this issue in the past with Google, I decided to unplug my 3 products. Sure enough, wifi has been great. Ps- brand new/great router.
Works great on my Pixel, Pixel XL and Nexus 9. You guys really need to start advertising your products on TV Amazon is killing it and you need to show them up as you guys have a much better product. Not to mention you guys are the king of advertisers so please don't let us down. Sincerely All the supporters.
Great program with many excellent and convenient features, I just bought the Google Home Mini and I enjoy it so much. It is a wonderful virtual companion who hangs out and helps me with anything. I highly recommend this app and Google Home Devices for everyone. When I turned the device on it talked me through downloading this Home app and then this app talked me through setting up the Mini, It only took a few minutes and now everything is ready. Thank you for making an easy to use powerful device and program
Got a 3 pack. The lack of my office365 calendar is a huge problem. Alexa does that for years! Missing many smart home like Logitech Harmony. I don't like how I set them up with different Google accounts, yet they all see each other?! I segregated them on purpose. And the voice "security" is neat, but infuriating if it can't detect my voice sometimes. Hence the separation like my Amazon Dots are...
Worked well up until recently... My hue light bulbs stopped working properly on all of my google home devices (3 minis and 1 home). Works for my voice but no one else in my house... I don't want to be the designated light switch... Not the point of paying all this money for smart bulbs... FYI everything works fine with my amazon echo dots... Google what's going on?!?
Shame on you for removing the music alarm feature. I have waste tons of minutes trying to do it via voice. It used to be a few clicks. Additional Comment: Of course I know you can say "Ok Google, set media alarm for .". It just could get my sound right and I have to repeat myself over again and again until I eventually give up. I used to be able to do it in the app!
b"Wifi kept disconnecting on my Android phone. I have a new phone and router so that's not the problem. It really sucked because I ended up wasting a ton of data on my phone, but I disconnected my Chromecast devices, and uninstalled the home app, and I no longer am having wifi connectivity issues. It really blows because I use Chromecast a lot. Hopefully you all will get this fixed because I miss watching Netflix and YouTube on my TV ??"
I was a big fan of this app until the most recent update. I moved and so my Google home mini moved with me (obviously). I plugged it in, it made the ping noise, all was well until I asked it to play music for me and then it just sat there completely silent. I decided to try to reconnect my phone to the device just to make sure... BIG MISTAKE. Now my app is not even showing that my Google home mini exist and I can't get it fixed at all. It's very very annoying.
Worked with my Philips Hue lights until this update, then I needed to remove Hue devices and re-add. GH had complained it couldn't connect to Hue. It is these small niggles that prevent mass uptake of voice controlled technology. A bit miffed by cavalier updates that do more harm than good. Whatever happened to Quality Control at Google HQ?
The app crashes when I try to open it (I have a LG G7 Thinq, Android 8). I have tried to use the for about a month and left many feedbackreports, but nothing seems to be done. Update. Thanks for the quick reply. The app was updated to the latest version. Aftet uninstalling and installing the app it works great. I have now updates the review score
I'm running the Google Home app on an Android Smartphone (Galaxy S3) and even after this most recent update, I am still unable to click on the More Settings, Shopping List or Home Control buttons. It does nothing but return to the Home page. Please fix these bugs, it's preventing me from enjoying the use of my Google home mini. The app is broken for my device!!!
Horrible functionality with the LG V30. Wether it's LG or Google's fault, casting has been an absolute nightmare. The volume drop down menu never shows up on my phone screen and the casting icon decides it doesn't wanna show up sometimes. Horrible!
Well get used to the message "no device found". It either connects immediately or never. The software is extremely unreliable. I found that connecting my old lgg3 to the device first and then disconnecting it and trying to once again connect my samsung s8+ fixed my issues but if this had not worked i would have been asking for a refund.
Complete waste of my time and money. It's been getting progressively worse since I bought it 2 years ago. Doesn't connect to my other apps and if I get lucky it'll load for 5 minutes then drop connection again. I waste my time trying to go thru the steps to fix it only to get more frustrated. I wish Google would respond to these negative reviews instead of these generic robotic responses.
b"I dont think it's a 5 star app with chromecast. And if you wonder why you never receive responses it's probably because some people who say my connection drops or other hardware don't connect - has nothing to do with the app. Some have no idea where the problem really is. But it's ok, blame Google. ??"
I really want the chromecast device to work for me, but so far I am struggling to connect it consistently. Every time I shut off the system, or it shuts itself off, I am unable to get it to connect to my online content. I also get a popup from Google multiple times a day saying Google has stopped working. This worked great for about 3 days. If I could get it back I would love it.
Wish the google homes would work with basic commands without a network available and same goes for google chrome cast! I don't have permanent home WiFi or constant 4G or 3G signal. Would be so much happier if they accounted for people like me! And also fix to be able to set up easily with ones own hot spot
The app works great when it works but it very rarely even opens. Just got a new lgg7 and everytime I try to open Google home it says it keeps stopping and automatically closes. The only way I have found to fix it is if I completely uninstall the app and reinstall it but it will only work a few times before it starts crashing and locks me out again
Since the most recent update of the App my google home speaker no longer responds. I have tried reconfiguring it, and it registers but wont respond. I use a Note 8 with the latest software and security patch dated Aug 2018. It is frustrating and I need help please.
Despite sending feedback numerous times, I *still* can't select personal photo albums for background (of which I have many albums) other than two random ones. This was never ever a problem before.. but yet despite numerous updates later, this is yet to be resolved. Surely I cannot be the ONLY one that's having this glaring issue - especially so that having personal photos as a backdrop is essentially an obvious part of having a Chromecast device. C'mon Google, please resolve.
I spent ton of money to make my home all Google so I can use my phone or voice. 3 mimi 1 of the big ones. I ask it for some or help and can not do it at all. But Alexa can do it all. All it say is "sorry I can not help you with that." The truning light on and off is the only thing it can do. So go somewhere else and save your $650
The most basic option of adding new devices is not there Edit: I did uninstall and reinstall the app. For those who are wondering how to solve this problem, you can find the home control feature in the google assistant settings.
Needs a lot of work, very un Google, not user friendly, does not recognize TuneIn radio commands, and set up is clunky! Also settings for home not found, the shities app Google has ever done. Very disappointing. My GH barely works nearly 60% of questions have no answer, commands are not human friendly. Also this app is chock full of comercial!
Not Ready For Prime Time-- Erratic behavior by Google Home devices make this app a Fail. Continued Conversations worked for a week, now never works. Music plays erratically, Home sometimes responds if you just say the word "Google" in conversation, sometimes shows a speaker casting when it isn't, and generally does not behave as expected. It's turned into a Green Eyed Synth from "Humans." Steer clear!!
Absolute garbage. I have tried every trick possible to get this to work with my new TV that has built in Chromecast and it constantly says I need to update the app. Edit to add - I then got a totally unhelpful message drom their helpdesk saying I should reset my TV as though I haven't done that. I unplugged it. I factory reset it. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it. It still says the APP needs to be updated.
Having trouble detecting our wifi network. Tried using Google Home on my iPhone 5s and it detected the wifi seemlessly. Hope this issue could be resolved on Android. Every time my Chromecast disconnects, I have to use my iPhone to set it back up again.
b"Purely disappointment from Google. I've a Google home mini. It's difficult to cast my device with it. I even tried resetting it. It don't even play the song I say. When ever I say to play some Telugu songs it plays some Hindi or Tamil songs. What's the point of listening to music when you don't understand that language. Wasted 4k rupees for it ????"
I think this app is really great, but I am having only one problem and that is whenever I say the words to activate it my phone activates at the same time. What would be nice is if just the device where to come to life and not my phone at the same time because they both want to answer my question. Can this be fixed?
When are you guys gonna send out an update that can support all wifi connections because I'm trying to connect to "Xfinity wifi" and it says that it's connected but can't access the internet... My Chromecast says that this is a common issue but why hasn't it been updated so that this issue can no longer be a nuisance?
Overall this is a best solution for casting audio from any app to chrome cast supported speaker. But I still feel delay in audio even after setting Audio delay correction to 200ms. I request Google please increase more milliseconds as maximum is only 200 ms, but still audio is not syncing with mobile video. Any customisation will be appreciated. Thanks
Over the past week, Google Play Movies constantly buffers, but only when streaming content to the Chromecast. All other apps stream fine. Tech Support was unable to resolve the problem only suggest I use the YouTube app to stream my purchased content as a workaround. Hurry up Android TV!
Abysmal. When I give my Google home mini is verbal command it executes it as expected. When I set up a command with the exact same language as part of a routine, the results are random, unpredictable, and consistently wrong. The support for this app is useless. Instead of solving the issue, they just send articles about how to factory reset the unit. As far as I'm concerned, my Google home mini is a fancy paperweight that lights up when I plug it in.
The app is okay. The best feature being able to display the MAC address. It fails however to provide a means to set a fixed resolution for older TVs. Therefore Google isn't helping the environment in forcing customers to buy new TVs while the older ones would still be functional.
Working horribly in latest version now! Instead of streaming screen of cellphone just shows black screen! Was working fine with previous versions. Can't trust Google to do working updates... Lots of bugs and errors and applications that stop working.
I purchased the Google home mini to get the true experience of hands free to control my home automation. Every works great except the fact it cannot recite me my calendar events. This app still has issues with multiple Gmail accounts for calendars...
I use this with Google Home and Chromecast. The functionality is good, but the customization for Google Home just isn't there yet. It can't send messages, it only allows one shopping list (I should be able to use any of my shopping lists)... Lastly, this stupid app has never worked on my OnePlus2 phone... I have to set up everything on my wife's iphone... That's just wrong...
I wanted to connect to the Chromecast with my phone hotspot. I was not able to connect then. This option should be also included as everytime we may not have the broadband connection. We may sometimes need to go over mobile data
Only the fact that it cannot cast YouTube Music Premium to my Chromecast Audio directly from my Google Home is really annoying since my sound system is attached to this.. I can cast from the YMP app though... Please add this functionality...
The app keeps prompting me to update it when it's already on the newest version and no update from the play store is present. I've had problems with this app in the past as well. Casting was not possible with my Samsung Galaxy S7 through this app.
Got a new chromecast, followed every instruction and after rebooting and checking all connections 3 times and 30 minutes of staying on the connection page it still does not connect. Thanks a lot google, not!
Be wary, they show offers you may not qualify for, and don't mention it until you've signed up and paid. Another Google beta brought to you by incompetent morons. Linked with Harmony Remote does not work well with a second user
Well this app is fantastic when it works! But when it doesn't it's infuriating! It is clearly connected to my tv, I can see it on the screen yet when trying to connect to the device 'no device found'! This happens several times a week and then it's uninstalling and reinstalling and sometimes that doesn't work either!
I like the app and love both my Google home and home mini but since my phone doesn't support the Google assistant I can't take advantage of some of the newer features such as the routines. Along with this due to a recent glitch/update I have had to turn voice match off in order to control my Philips Hue lighting. This has only happened in the last 24hrs but still not good as my partner is a wheelchair user and uses the voice control for the lighting all of the time.
All the sudden Google home stopped recognizing my voice. I tried to retrain The Voice model but it hangs and will not retrain. We are definitely enjoying the Google home experience overall though I tried uninstalling the app reinstalling it rebooting Google home. Maybe it's just a quirk for today
Since Google Home and the accompanying software update came out for the Chromecast, it will not stay connected and prompts me to repeat the setup process daily. I called Chromecast support and they were unable to fix the issue. They are planning to replace my Chromecast but I am confident that the issue lies in the software, not hardware. I can not in good faith leave a positive review at this time.
I'm really having issues with the app in android specifically. I can't click the other options on the left (e.g. Home control) using my note 9 and xz2 compact (when i had it last time). But ios app is working fine. I hope you can address the issue.
Easy to use and gives lot of tips to use Google Home. However many of google assistant menu items are unresponsive (dead links) on my phone so I am unable to customise. The customisation steps provided by Google Home cannot be found or followed.
I have a gigabit internet connection that runs at 500mbps+ on my wireless AC network, and I can't even get this POS app to download - it gets stuck at about 67% and never moves beyond that. This could be an issue with the Play Store, but that's owned by Google as well, so I'm giving this a one star for now and will update my review if I can ever get this garbage to work.
One of the most annoying thing about google product is that they don't respond back to the customers' complaint. Today you have just broke my assistant voice by setting it to male voice. I will not be using this app untill you fix it. I am not expecting you will fix it. I know that you operate the most crappy operating system, but still
The chromecast is perfect with this application. It worked fine until now. Since I passed from the Samsung Galaxy s8+ to s9+ screencast does not work anymore. Google and Samsung are well aware of the issue but until now not solving the problem...
Every time I open this app it's changed. The only time I really open this app is so I can reboot my Chromecast without getting up climbing behind the TV and unplugging it. Now I can't find the option to reboot
Great app. Amazing app! One issue I face though, my partner has this on her iPhone and has access to alot more settings and options than my android based Sony xperia xz does! Am I missing something?
The chromecast connects to the network, but Google home can't find it. Sometimes it works, but so inconsistent that it causes more frustration than anything else. If it worked reliably it would be a great app, but right now it is a disappointment.
I am so sick of Google breaking my queue for Chromecast. I want to use my desktop browser to queue up stuff to save my phone data but no they have to f****** break it
IT SUCKS AS A BLUETOOTH SPEAKER. It needs to stay connected to a power source. And not everything can chromecast. This is a pretty useless speaker. Worth $12 bucks not more maybe even less, $8 is a good price too. You can't use it on everything. Just get a regular bluetooth speaker and you're better off. It's not worth it.
Using this app in conjunction with Google Home mini and smart thermostat. Both of these devices function as expected, however the "App" itself particularly the shopping list is a source of frustration. The app will only allow certain members from my contact list to be added as members of my shopping list. Sadly, the allowable contacts are not the ones whom have any interest in my shopping list. I note that others have had this same problem and no resolution has been offered by Google. I have left several queries with The App's online help but have only received replies that were either off topic or clearly meant as suggestions that I was not following the proper procedure to add a member to the list. All in, my disappointment in the support for this app has soured my taste for the google home environment, hence my one star rating and recommendation not to become involved with the Google Home enterprise
A great idea that would make google home more comfortable and bring me closer to the product would be to have the ability to change it from you saying "okay google" and say a name like "Ace, what's the weather" ect, like I input the custom name into google home app and that's the new way of calling it or as a secondary response, like i could still say okay google, even tho I'd probably never say that if I could change it to have a more user friendly custom name of choice. Just saying, it would sell more products and me and everyone else Ive told this concept too loves the idea, imagine having your personal Jarvis like iron man.... and tell me, would you rather say, "okay google" or "Jarvis", simple, one word. Let me feel me and everyone else that uses your product feel like iron man! Your honest customer -Jay
The update won't let me opent the app at all, crashes as soon as I press it. It's disconnected one of my chrome casts and won't let me reconnect unless i go into the home home app.
Okay, I've had this since I got an original Chromecast years ago. Now I've fallen for the ecosystem because I picked up three Home Minis. I'm addicted. I want more smart light switches, bulbs, and outlets everywhere.
Wish i could give a negative review. I cant even get it to connect to my phone, it just sits on the loading screen for hours until i get frustrated and give up. Im pissed i wasted my money on this.
I don't know what you guys did to the app but it now struggles to sync my devices. I have to either refresh the page or close and open the app multiple times to get it to recognise my Google Home devices. This makes simple things like turning volume up or down virtually impossible so I end up having to physically control the volume. Pixel 2xl running 9.0
More Settings just doesn't open at all. I cannot access a ton of features because the button does absolutely nothing. Frustrating, and it makes me use the device less because I can't set things how I want them. Edit: Clearing cache, reinstalling the app, and resetting the device also does not work. "More Settings" still does nothing. Perhaps an additional webpage interface for controlling these options would be useful to everyone. More ways to get things done outside of this semi nonfunctional app can only be a benefit.
I was happy with my mini home google, but, now I have mixed feelings. When I bought it (a month ago) I changed the voice of my Assistant for male. For some reason last night the Assistants voice changed and its female. I tried several times to change it and it is not working. I plugged and unplugged my device but unfortunately it still won't change the voice of my Assistant. Is that a glitch? When will this be fixed? So right now I'm not happy. :-( Before that glitch I would give it a 4 star.
Its horrible. Gone through all troubleshooting. I setup Chromecast. Finds it. Says good to go. Soon as I try cast.. cant find any devices. My son has original google chromecast. Works fine. Guess try to see what amazon, yahoo has to offer. Dont buy into this.
I love Chromecast Ultra. Currently it's shutting down by itself, probably due to overheating, any ways to fix that? I now it's not the place, but it would be nice to shed some light on it.
I wish could get my.money.back.for.this trash its got to point where i want to see if this chromecast. Will.fly or bounce when i chuck it out the window .all it does is jump lose connection lose sound you have to continually reset the chromecast just so u can watch something .dont waste your hard earn money on one of theses im sure there is something better out there then trashcast .avoid it at all costs
Such a good app. The app freezes everytime i choose a time under the routines section. Will give 5 stars when you can create an audio group with a chromecast ultra and chromecast audio or speaker line so every chromecast can be used for a multiroom experience
Got a Google Mini Home. But it's a disappointment. Most of the basic features like saving multiple WiFi accounts, making calls, text, email access is missing. Needs a long way to match to Amazon's Alexa.
Basically has become unusual on Google home devices and now can't get access to retrain voice. Just get please wait message. Rebooted all devices already and no difference. Very disappointing.
I am having really hard time with both my chrome cast and the set up for my tv. The google home app won't connect to any of the available WiFi and its really stressing me out since thats the first step to set up. If someone could help with this problem, it would be great
My Google devices don't show up in "my devices" most of the time... I've confirmed they are on the same network, and I've factory reset both many times. I'm logged in on the same account on all devices as well as my home app. I also rebooted, and checked the settings on my phone, router, and Google devices according to how the forum posts recommended... I can manage to fix it for a short time, but it always happens again.
Cannot find my chromecast anymore since the last update. It's useless now ... thanks google! Do you want more free money ?!
Lowering my review because the problem with this app/device is that you have to reinstall it or reboot it periodically, and Google seems to think just reminding everyone of that is appropriate instead of actually fixing the product with a firmware update. Very disappointed that such a will known brand provides such inadequate and unreliable products.
Keep crashing with Note 9! Cannot even open the app, reported to Samsung they have said it is Google's issue. My Google app is up to date, uninstalling and installing back does not help!
I use Google home assistant to control my lights. Now, to stop Google from tracking me, I have to pause Web and App activity. Now my home assistant won't work. I am switching to Alexa. Google, let me know when you stop spying on users, and I will turn it back on. be truthful.
Update: A year+ later and I still have to reset any Chromecast before casting from my phone. Google home speaker can cast anything requested, but if you want a specific episode from your phone you're going to need to walk to the TV like it's the 1950's. Seems like the issue will never be resolved. -------------------------------------- The ongoing problem of not being able to find the devices on my network is becoming increasingly bad across all Chromecast and phones used. It's becoming a growing headache. *Update: the invisible Chromecast issue continues still, months later.
They really need to keep expanding the apps that users have access to. I have a wyze camera and 2 Medion smart lights that I can't use. Very frustrating...
Let's just add unnecessary complexity and features to what was a simple casting app that worked. New version is still not as good as the original casting app just more ads and add ons. Hasn't worked on my last 2 phones.
Chromecast is connected but can't access the internet. I rebooted, factory reseted, but it insists showing the same problem. I'm disappointed!! It used to be so good.
Poor Programming! There was no "Settings" option to do any of the things such as "pair Bluetooth devices" or anything else for that matter & do not tell me that I have to enable location. I should not have to enable location just to connect a bluetooth device. :-[ Just for the hell of it, I enabled location & still was not able to connect to the mini. To make matters, when I attempted to connect my Note 8, I was prompted to input a code on the mini. Really?!?! How am I supposed to do that with no means to input anything? It is merely a device with nothing but a power input & speaker on/off switch. Horrible programming
['Explore' has just been giving an 'Update App' link in latest updates of app. SOMETIMES the appreplaces 'Explore' with 'Things to ask'.] Restricting comment to issues with the app itself rather than the broader ecosystem ... It often has an inaccurate view of available devices and current casting activity and so it struggles for control. There are caching issues with device and room names and shortcuts when they are edited. The app doesn't allow for the phone being connected to a different SSID on the same network to the device being setup. "Couldn't update setting" messages appear frequently, even when the setting has actually been updated. The app should be able to show settings, such as shortcuts, that are being inherited from other users on multi-user devices.
$40 for something that works when there's a red moon. Everytime I'd have to redo setup to use it. So annoying. What a rip off. --------------As of 9/11/2016 this is STILL accurate . ---------- As of 3/16/2017 this review is STILL accurate. It got better for one month in January then it crapped out again! What a huge disappointment. Waste of time and money. -------- still accurate as of 9/2018 this app needs an update/overhaul
Update: I think it's actually my wifi causing the issue. Rating updated. Update: still having issues. Factory reset does not work. During factory reset, I'm able to set up the device but as soon as I try to connect, it does not detect any devices. I have two chromecasts, android and Apple devices, and intermittent issues. Seems to only happen in the morning as odd as that sounds...but very reproducible. S7/S8 updates just came through. Chromecast isn't detected through any apps (Netflix, HBO Now, YouTube, etc). Been using Chromecast for years and never had this issue. Literally can't cast anything to our TV from any device...
I own 2 chromecast ultras and they are both the 2 worst electronic devices I have ever owned. The software sucks, is full of bugs and developers are too stupid or lazy to fix them.
The app was not able to connect my Google Home mini to my wifi router and offered no explanation. Yet somehow my g home mini is connected!?
You should NOT need wifi for chrome cast if you phone is unlimited. It's no different than Bluetooth compatibility. I watch TV on my phone no worries about data but not only dose the cast need to be plugged in a wall outlet it needs wifi? So I have to use my data to watch TV than I gotta use data on wifi for it to be on my actual television? I know dam well that's a scheme to blow more hard earned money away cuz the WiFi is useless I know dam well they can do something different with that I connect the cast to my phone no problem but I can't put my Netflix on my TV? Just because of no wifi? Now that's a scheme. We all know technology is to advanced for something this new needs two different connections
Im having a problem with updating any personal settings. When I top most options in the menu it doesn't do anything, including the personal settings. And I cannot make calls or put in any info on me until it let's me go into that.
No ability to make a direct wifi connection (i.e. phone to chromecast). This would be extremely useful for screen mirroring and playback of media stored on the user's phone or other devices when a wifi network is unavailable.
My only gripe is you can't separate the sound from the video. It'd be nice if I could cast something to my chromecast while still listening on my bluetooth headphones paired to my phone.
Despite being told that google home/assistant works yonomi and smart things it does not. Ive spent hours and google home does not understand the routines and then went to your troubleshooting site and still no go. Waste of time and money. Alexa works google doesnt
Update: was Philips hue device increase that was the problem, (it now adds scenes as well as devices,) reducing the scenes made it work correctly again. - Orig: When I ask "is it going to rain tomorrow" - it says "sorry I don't understand" or "sorry I can't help with that yet" - it was working fine - but now, does not. Anything to do with the weather, Google home doesn't know. - It's in your questions to ask, (for heaven's sake) - so isn't about time it was fixed - it's not worked since April!
The shopping list is terrible. Since it moved from Keep to Home it has lost a ton of useful functionality. The fact that I cannot even re-arrange my list is incredibly frustrating. Also, Home light cntrl is glitchy, says it doesn't know what light I'm talking about when that same phrase/has worked a thousand times before. Then it suddenly works again. It almost certainly has something to do with the fact that there are somehow 30 lights and rooms listed in the app when I only have about 5 lights in my house on Hue. Why does it list every dime setting as a separate light? Why is it so God-awfully difficult to edit the lights once programmed?
Just like the other reviews, you constantly have to uninstall and reinstall the app to fix the "device not found" issue. More frustrating than it's worth.
I have been getting issues with random skipping, only when casting video to from DVR video. Source(FTC now, hulu, ps vue, doesn't matter. I have used different devices to cast(galaxy s7, note 9, galaxy tab, etc), no change. I have even tried different internet connections and east coast(Atlanta,GA and Boone,NC house and west coast house(Phoenix,AZ) all with different cast devices...only common denominator is the Googlr Home/casting service from Google...tell me #Googlesupport Why?
I really liked the note feature, and being able to add things to a grocery list I could pin to my home screen. Now I'm stuck using Google express, so I have stopped using that feature. Also sometimes when I ask it a question about the weather I get strange answers that then don't appear in My Activity. Also my homes keep disconnecting from wifi and I have to unplug them and plug them back in to reconnect. Using the app does not work.
I love this app and I love how it helps manage my Google home mini and Chromecast. I only have one complaint, on a Roku the remote has a built-in headphone jack it wouldn't take much to push a simple software update to be able to include a feature where you can plug your headphones in or connect via Bluetooth to your phone and hear audio from the Chromecast through the headphones instead of the TV, this would make it easier for people who have roommates or family in the same house to listen and watch their favorite shows without disturbing everyone else.
Works badly. If you use any apps like Netflix to cast to Chromecast, this app "hijacks" the stream and hands the player controls to Home. This leads to other apps closing, sometimes you lose the player controls completely, it's always flaky. If you have a Google Home device you can use voice controls, but then if you have one of those this app becomes redundant. I find everything works better if you leave this off your devices.
After the update, I can rarely connect with Netflix. The majority of the time, the cast icon doesn't show. When I am able to connect, immediately after playing something, the controls disappear from my dropdown menu. When I am not connected to anything, I get a constant notification that chromecast is not connected and I cannot remove this message. Once great, this app needs lots of bug fixes.
It's a hot mess compared to Alexa. YouTube doesn't comprehend well nor does it work well with YouTube TV. Planning on switching back to the Alexa interface which works much much better than Google and frankly Google ignores every attempt to get it right...
This has been a good app until recently. Since the most recent update, my family and I have had trouble. Google home no longer realizes if something is playing on the tv, doesn't realize my plugs are on or off, or cant find something on YouTube that's been found in the past no problem. Used to hear me no problem talking normally in the room, some days feel like I have to yell for it to hear me. Not sure if it's the app or the actual google home mini that's causing the issue, but it definitely correlates with the update since the middle of last month.
I have been a great fan and the chromecast backdrop is often on the TV even I am not watching anything, as changing gallery art and family pictures. But the latest update messed with the backdrop gallery settings, please bring back the possibility to see both one's own pictures mixed with the curated art and nature, now one can only choose one or the other at a time.
Internet radio no longer streams to Chromecast Audio. I have tried every Chromecast-enabled internet radio app I can find and none of them successfully streams to Chromecast Audio any more. This is a recent phenomenon; I have been using Audials and TuneIn with CCA for years without problems, but now TuneIn consistently fails after 1 or 2 minutes, and all other radio apps fail to cast at all. Spotify and Google Play Music work fine.
When I set it up it worked great. About a month later, I tried changing my preferences and cannot getting to my settings. I spent 2 hours on the phone with support and still can't get into settings, change my day, or language. It's works OK for my original settings, but disappointing that I can't change things
Love my chromecast ultra but since the latest update I have been unable to connect it. It keeps telling me my s9+ and chromecast ultra are not on the same wifi network. I have gone through all the solutions your help section has offered and still no resolution.
Used to cast news to Chromecast. With newest update can no longer use news feed as an ambient mode. Goes against most of the purpose I initially got it.
It would be great if I didnt have to reset my entire home app and chromecast every few days. Not to mention that once I do reset, it has some major issues connecting. Tired of it
NOT SAFE!! WARNING : Delete all google related apps! Google is the most viscous and suspicious thing to put on any devive. Google and all google related services are Intrusive and no where near accurate. Google should be shut down permanently. Google should reimburse every scent that anybody has paid for so called google services!
This app asks for security info then rejects it. I hate it! All I want to do is update my Chromecast device but can't get past the stupid security questions. I am ready to toss my chrome cast device and buy Roku.
Everyday I have 2 unlink & set it up again. It's on my TV but the app on my phone can't find it. So I figure I just won't turn off my TV..keep it in sleep mode...nah, the app on my phone disconnects itself, cuz the shyt iz STILL reflected on my TV but my phone can't find it. I'm unlinking and factory resetting EVERYDAY. The phone type makes NO DIFFERENCE. The irritation...and this is the 2nd Brand New unopened box one I've bought from Best Buy this year, so either they're
It took quite a while to figure out an alternative way of connecting the Google speaker to my wifi connection, after receiving countless errors stating that it wasn't supported. So I used my mobile hotspot connection to connect both the speaker and an old cellphone to run the home app for the initial setup. Once connected, I was able to connect via Bluetooth on my primary phone to play my music from any app I want, as well as doing my normal searches. Set your mobile hotspot connection to both the 2.4 and 5GHz.
Recently having trouble casting to chrome. It'll start casting and maybe 3 minutes later it it looses the cast. Please help!! Or fix. What can I do. Other apps don't work good.
Total pile of junk - it doesn't work for more than a couple of minutes without stuttering, jumping, freezing and dropping the audio. Read the comments here and see @chromecast on Twitter for proof. If you like tech that needs resetting every few minutes, making it completely useless and unfit for purpose, or you like wasting time and money on tech that doesn't work, or you want to be an unpaid product tester, Google Home / Chromecast or whatever they call it is for you. And they want us to trust them with autonomous machines?!!
Worst service ever... Keeps loosing wifi setting, keeps telling me can't transfer password and can't have the chromecast ultra to connect to my wifi, thus not being able to use it. There's no way to reset account settings for the home app and linked accounts keep transfering previous settings. Overall experience with google has been terrible and will slowly switch to Apple services. The only thing keeping me on android is Samsung. Dex works like a charm and Netflix works flawless on it. Chrome OS is dead...so is Android. Google is gona switch to Fuchsia soon and Samsung to Tizen.
After my Chromecast ultra was perfectly fine the day before, it just stopped working and the google home app refuses to recognise it, after performing several factory resets it still won't budge past the set up screen.
I am not able to avail the free subscription (till October 2018) of Gaana and Saavn App, which comes along with Google home mini device. Kindly Help.
Last update made my Google home unresponsive 50% of the time now. I usually have to really raise my voice. And the other thing, since I live in a condo, my Google home mini is sort of close to the main bigger Google home(living room) and for some reason it response when giving a command to the bigger one, even though I'm not close to its proximity(bedroom) , it's annoying when playing asking to play music. Please, fix this.
New update ruined everything. I can no longer cast content from my phone to my TV through my Chromecast rendering it completely useless.
I have 2 Chromecasts, an Android TV, and a Home Mini. They are Linked to the Home app, but the app will frequently not connect to one or more of them. Other apps, such as YouTube and Netflix, will sometimes connect even if Home will not. Also, the home screen has a lot of annoying junk on it; it should show the connected devices.
Bought 2 Chromecast both disconnect after 15 minutes. Tried on Samsung xcover4 Sonim xp8 galaxy 8 Kyocera duraforce tab e... All disconnecting after 15 min. Waste 100$ on Chromecast garbage
Needs wifi and internet. Wont stream straight from smart phone. I even tried guest mode. Im taking back to the store for a refund. Cant use it. It wont link to my hotspot either for its internet addiction.
It was much better when I could just stream from the top of the screen. Google home is not user friendly and often crashes
August 2018. Still buggy. Whether you are using Netflix or Google play music, it will always lose sync. Chromecast keeps casting but the remote controlling feature stops working need to stop and recast.
Great with Netflix. problematic mirroring my galaxy 8+ android phone. Every so often it also loses connection to my chrome cast, and in have to reboot my phone to try again. Meh.
Does not open on my LG V30 and always crashes when i try. I have tried a full uninstall and reinstall to no success.
I love my G-Home until recently. The routines stopped working, it starts and never finishes. Very annoying!!!!
Ride a motorcycle using bluetooth helmet. I used to be able to activate ok google while my device was lock. But for some reason it has stopped working. I have all the setting activated for bluetooth and handsfree still nothing.
It's a very confusing app. Should be easier to use. And also isn't the best looking app out there and isn't very useful either.
The reviews and instructions say you can easily mirror you tablet screen. I downloaded the app amd there is no screen mirror option. NO phone number you can call for help. A truly fustrating app and device.
Great app with lots of potential. Especially the routines are very promising but need some work. My biggest concerns right now: - about 50% of the time my im home routine is forgotten and it tells me i just discovered a new routine while its already set up. -it's unclear what you can enter with custom actions. Id be great if you can enter any text and the response is the same as when you would have given a voice command. this would allow me to dim my ikea lights in a routine and have assistant tell me not to forget my keys when i leave.
WiFi will not connect to Chromecast anymore? Very strange please fix or update. Chromecast edge of screen bottom keep glitching especially with you and allcast and some other apps, please update to fix, also very difficult to connect to my phone
Google is trying to make their products more and more like Apple... Meaning that their product is becoming harder and harder to use. Over simplicity which just stops functioning when there are problems. What happened to functional menus and what not?
The app works great but I lam not able to cast Netflix on my Amazon fire tablet also cannot cast from IPTV SMARTERS APP and mirroring causes to much buffering and voice stops working
This is a great, and relatively intuitive, app to setup and control all your Google Home devices including a long list of home control devices, like, "smart" lights, outlets, thermostats, door locks (security) and more! The setup of native Google Home products is a breeze, though, the setup of some of its smart home features can be a bit cumbersome, awkward or confusing, because of its ability to let you connect and use.dozens of third party 'smart' devices. Using these features simply requires a little (or a lot) of patience, mainly because of the extremely long list of things this app allows you to tweak and control. I love it -because I'm a 'tech' person, and I really appreciate it when a product is easy to use and intuitive. In that respect, Google wins with this one!
All in all I like this app and the frequency of which new updates are added. The biggest annoyance to me in the interface with Google Play Music. I have over 3500 tracks uploaded and it is impossible to play them by name on you Google Home or Google Assistant on Android. Google has know about this for over 9 months and done nothing. The same is true for uploaded tracks and those purchased from Google Play Music. Darn shame. I just read the Google response and it's useless. Just a canned response that does not help and I have tried their suggestion many times. Removing one star for the canned response.
Everyone on the same network can cast to any chromecast connected device. This is just plain stupid.
Constantly need to force close the app and restart in order for it to detect my Chromecasts. Such garbage. It's been like this for over 2 years. So happy to be getting my Fire Stick this week.
The app wouldn't allow me add other deives(Bluetooth sound bar) am guessing it's not open to Canada and i can't integrate my other Andriod app from play store into Chromecast. please fix this
hen I try to connect my new RCA Atlas pro-s android tablet to my Samsung 640 UHD SMART TV I GET A CHROME CAST MESSAGE "NO DEVICE FOUNF". I have 3 google wi-fi devices in my home with one ten feet away from my tablet and tv. Can you PLEASE PLEASE HELP ME?
Love my Google Home but as I use Office 365 for work, it would be good if home could sync to the O 365 calendar, so I could check all my events before leaving the house in the morning. I believe Alexa does this, so surely GH can add this much needed feature.
I had no problems with this app until today and now it won't even open. I uninstalled and reinstalled it and turned my device on and off several times. The app still won't even open.
Trying to connect to our Chromecast, Google Home sees the device but doesn't connect. Also very upset about the way Google stores and sells my personal information
I use the english version in the netherlands and or works ok for now. But since yesterday we have YouTube music in the netherlands and it does not work with google home. It's strange that the google products don 't work together, i have the payed family package of YouTube music. odder
App keeps dropping connection to chrome cast when trying to mirror tablet Old app used to work fine. Frustrating
Very good App and easy to use. But can't see full screen while screen mirroring right and left side edges get cut out
Google Home is overly dumbed down so you cannot figure out what is wrong when something, like android screen mirroring, does not work. It could be blocking by an Xfinity router, but can't tell...got it to work after much fiddling at home when plugged into my receiver, but now at another location only chromecast enabled apps work like Google Photos, but screen zooming does not work...essentially not real-time and no re-transmit option...please add network and application logging...fix Google Photo zoom...address concerns here...I use a late model Android phone...
Great app. Annoying that it takes so long for features to come to the UK. Still no media alarms or two way conversation.
With the latest update, the "backdrop settings" changed to "Ambient mode" - and whereas previously, I could use both personal photo albums *and* Featured photos from various internet sources, it is now an either-or option. Please allow for multiple sources like it was previously. Also, for the next time, don't try to fix something that isn't broken.
Simple to download and setup? You are having a laugh! It is installed on both my phone and windows 10 but doesn't want to connect with my tv screen?
I dont like that I have to have wifi to use the Chromecast and I dont like it that I cannot use my phones hotspot for the wifi of the chromecast, i migjt even just return the chromecast to the store where I bought it cuz its useless for me since I dont have wifi and I really dont wanna pay 50 dollars just for wifi alone
It worked for 2 years, past few days it won't work at all. What are you doing? Do I haven't to get an apple pad?
CHROMECAST is becoming the de facto standard for streaming on line content to your TV. Sometimes the device hangs. Else everything is as good as any other Google product.
Assistant voice settings world wide no matter if I have US English, UK english or AUS English. Voice randomly changed to Male today with no way to change it back
The only drawbacks are : lack of separate volume control for assistant response and media. Also, would be great to have an intercom feature instead of broadcast
Multiple episodes of lags and disconnections. Not very compatible with android devices. Durprisingly using this app on iOS is much easier with no problems of note so far.
Disconnects, chromecast stops after 4 minutes, 5 minutes, etc, etc. Movies just quit playing. Sits right next to wifi modem. Horrible product. What's in the update?
I hate that there's no privacy with others users on the network. I don't want everyone else on my WiFi to see what each person is casting on their own Chromecast.
b'It just don\'t get any better than "Google Home " it is totally off the charts amazingly, awesomely, incredibly remarkable!! It\'s that damn simple!! Every Home should have one,... No doubt about it!! ??\xe2\x98\xba??????????'
Buggy, my chromecast doesn't show up here. But it shows up on iOS
OK app, which is no longer useful. Needs work to work with third party programs.
The app sucks balls... I can't connect to Chromecast while on the road. It is a painful experience if you travel or don't want Wi-Fi easily available and one you can change admin settings.
CC Audio in every room is fantastic. Especially with multiple groupings. Suck it Sonos! Your price-gouging multi-room audio days are over. You need a good router and signal in your house for regular Chromecasts to work well. If it's glitching you most likely have a problem with your Wi-Fi, even if it seems fine. Once I bought a new router with better range and a ridiculous amount of antennas my Nexus Player worked better. Also, Nexus Player isn't worth the extra $ over a Chromecast, sorry to say. //Google home constantly tells me things are X number of miles on foot. How far away is the Panera Bread, 75 miles on foot. I've updated my commute settings. Fix this!!!!!
Home coming taste hhh spying hhh sad sad sent me are bishops church or faifekau DNA family for what dumb fool hhh respect what I wanted to do with my legal action high court hhh bishops church or faifekau DNA family nothing to says newstalkzb because he never know about Ford motor or burns and beyond live profile law first song Marcus Lucy hhh
It's nifty tech, a bit of fun, but practically it doesn't do much at all. Not much useful stuff connected to it yet. Kinda boring.
This app suffers from multiple personality disorder. When it works, it's brilliant. Not quite Airplay brilliant, but close. When it's no
App is intermittent at best Chromecast not visible to my phone Update. Turns out Chromecast device and spectrum routers don't get along... App is still glitchy though
Recently stopped working on my S8. Can still find my Chromecast through YouTube and Netflix, but home will not find any of my 5 devices.
Everythings works perfectly except for one thing, it will be nice if you have the option to resize the screen to fit the screen, my tv is so old that the overscan cannot be disabled for HDMI ports, so I have the edges getting cut off.May reduce the quality of the image but I prefer the option of resize rather than edges problems.
Works quite well. Requires the occasional 60 second reboot, due to bad weather affecting the router. Other than that, it's worth every penny.
New Routine Constructor brings back to life chained commands and even more! It's a 5-star winner for me. Thanks Google Home team for fixing it up and releasing so quickly! Great Google Home product support staff (my respect to Ezreal), very thorough, demonstrating good care of users and willingness to help.
Features such as changing the device name are missing in Singapore, even though the devices are advertised like mad. petty that you read what works, but when you buy features are missing in your region
It does the job, but lacks a few features that would really make it perfect for my needs: easier casting from PC, other than just YouTube videos (it's great for that), & more variety & customisation for Ambient mode would be great.
Superb product as long as you don't use a Nokia 3. This is Nokia's fault. Failure to resolve the issue and create an update/patch
When corporate pushes in a direction that customers don't want to go; that creates frustration. The MAJOR reason I bought chromecast is to mirror my phone. That said, i had to spend 15 minutes just to figure out how to cast my screen with the new update.
good simplified integration & personalization as is. NB: aside your network.. choice of devices (..+app +updates) will affect integration and is not related to Google home app. - Look up hass.io for added functions.** Suggestion features roll-out in USA only should be rolled in all available countries at very least North America sooner.
Chromecast device wants only to connect with neighbour's xfinitywifi hotspot. Each time I turn on my TV I have to reprogram Chromecast device using Home to pick up my own WiFi signal. Never used to be a problem.
Unlinked Mobvoi account and have been unable to relink it (or control any of my devices) for about one week now. I keep getting "couldn't update the setting. Check your connection". Switching internet connections and making a new account hasn't fixed this.
Broken. Used to work with google play now only works with youtube
I have not been able to use Chromecast for the past couple night because for some reason it won't find it. I have factory reset it but still doesn't work. Any help please.
Being a long term Google fan I am now seriously thinking of selling off all of my Google home speakers etc whilst there is still some value left. I am jumping ship, going Alexa way which is far superior. No way to change ass voice even though help promotes this. Not even a basic intercom which alexa has. Crikey not even a baby monitor function.
New Update on CHROMECAST BROKE THE CASTING FEATURE TODAY, NOW I CAN'T CAST USING ANY APP
Used to be an awesome app. Now it crashes every time I load it on my Samsung S9. Hoping there is an update coming soon :)
Spare me! Why can't I figure out (after 20+ years in the software business) how to get Chromecast to cast to my TV device. Over engineered and under tested as usual.
Garbage. When hooking up the TV to the internet always tells me it can't connect. Next time I'll just buy a smart TV and bypass this horrible app. In general Google and Google Play store is horrible. Next phone I'm getting will be an Apple so I don't ever have to be a Google slave again
after 6vhours of trying to install chromecast wasting my time.ok everybody pay attention here.its a year later almost and this sob still dont work and completely8 ignored in getting hold of anyones omput
STILL no routines for UK users!! Can't remove items from calendars or shopping lists, can't tell me what song is streaming when using the radio, when playing music on a group of speakers you can't stop just one.
The app is really glitchy. I'm using it on a Galaxy S8 but when I click some buttons from the navigation tree on the left, like More Settings, nothing happens. I've tried it with other buttons too and get the same result.
b"I installed the Google Home app on my new Samsung 9S+ and tried to set up my Visio TV with Chromecast built in. It found my tv and set it up, but won't let me use it. Says my app needs updated, but I just installed it and it doesn't show any available updates!?! So at this point it's useless to me ??"
It won't remove my home mini from the linked devices and it will not let me set it up again. It says it's set up successfully but can't connect to ny WIFI, I've reset the mini I've Uninstalled and re installed the app... I've reset my wifi network... Nothing. Meanwhile my other Google home works great on the same app the same network.
I have got google home mini. Installed the app, but can't control any of home control. Every time we try we instructed to set it up. I don't know how to set it up on google home
basically ive had this chrome cast device for a year now. its failed me, but now my Samsung Galaxy S8 won't connect at all ever since yesterday. please fix this
Chromecast is worst device many times not connect to tv and if connected always shows loding but same works fine on mobile. Amazon fire tv is better option
I hate that the casting mirrors my phone. I want to use my phone and not run the movies on both devices. Every other app doesnt need to mirror when casting
Pretty good! However, I miss the possibility to have multiple sources in ambient mode. I want some art mixed in with my personal pictures! Please reintroduce!
screen cast worked 1 time on September 19 2018 in 1 year I'm yousing Samson galixy not 3.that is on the list of compatible device's I have factory reset the crome cast 6 times and ree instead Google home 4 times and got a new Internet modam the the WiFi gets dropped evert 60 to 120 minutes. cast enabled apps youtobe and Netflix are the only working apps
Told me it was free Access to the things inside, but that's incorrect, it sucks. Don't waste your time.
The best feature of adding items to your shopping list has been ruined ( diworseified . ) Please add Google keep integration back! The shopping list is krap! New list needs internet access, but many stores in the real world have poor or no reception. Your uEx person needs to watch Mr. Mom.
I don't know what you guys did but I get connection errors with my Chromecast all the time now. Please fix.
I love google home,the fact that you can't play music off youtube without a membership or evan with blue tuth. This really brings a product down especially as a speaker, all and all i like the homw vary much would recommend.
Edit: Thanks for trying to amuse me with the advice to restart my Chromecast, sounds like a great idea :) Come on, guys, it's a pretty common problem with the latest update of the phone's software, you should try googling it :) Used to work, but for some reason stopped - can't cast directly to my Chromecast, casting from apps like YouTube is also a hit and miss. Please fix.
Bit flakey, maybe can't cope properly with 2 chromecast audio, one chromecast, Google Home and two Home minis controlled from 3 phones including an iphone.
The custom routines aren't working at they're scheduled times. It's frustrating that a feature isn't working as advertised. In addition tech support was hard to find and the equivalent of turn it off and turn it back on again.
I have a first and second generation Chromecast in my house, lately my devices are no longer reading the first generation after re-instalation (meaning my devices detect the 1st gen caster to install but then are not reading the device to cast from any media platform weather it be YouTube, Netflix,crave, and even Google... Please help... All are on the same network, I've turned on location, and background data why isn't it working?
Doesn't work. I am suppose to use hotspot but it keeps switching to wifi. Threw it away after 6 hours of trying to connect to it
will not work with out a home router so can only use it at home I was hoping to plug it in to any tv and screen share from my phone
Spotify Pixel XL Chromecast 5 feet away. Pixel loses volume control and must use Home app. Go-to Spotify and app reports another user using account stops Spotify. Then Chromecast device not visible to Spotify.
Most of my sub menus will not open. Its currently stuck in UK settings and i cannot change it because i cannot open the settings menu. Please help.. Ive tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it didnt work.
Constantly have issues with connections to Google minis and the group I made to broadcast music from my phone to the speakers. Irritating to say the least.
Useless app. Can't connect device through mobile directly..takes too much time. Frequent WiFi errors. Feel cheated after buying Google Chromecast. Regretting the decision of not buying Amazon Stick.
Chromecast is worthless. This app is worthless. The chromecast is never visible on the network so I can't cast anything to it. It was free with YouTube tv and its still a waste of money.
Not sure what is the issue but I'm not able to cast my screen. Samsung issue maybe but unable to cast my screen means this app isn't working as I want it to
Very useful to connect my Google cast and control some content. Could have more features to make the app more appealing, either have more cast display options or suggest more apps. I hope Google is working on it
Personally I find the "discover" cards confusing. I wish it would work like a regular app instead of guessing what I want to do and throwing up a list of suggestions.
Won't connect to network. If it does you can only watch one movie and have to set up all over again. So frustrating!
The app is ok but when will we be able to change the assistants voice in the UK? Also I have a Sony android TV 2017 model but I still can't get Google assistant to play Netflix on it.
Note 9 keep crashing! Uninstalled and installed it back, cleared the cache, power cycled the phone, nothing helps!
Set up routines and now shortcuts have come back? How should I correct an issue if I can't access routines any more?
Google Home never fails to fail. I have 2 minis and 1 big. They are glorified iPods. I've had them for 10 months now. I have buyers remorse 90% of the time I ask one of these devices anything. The app has to be used on the same wifi so I'm constantly toggling my data on and off since google home "doesnt understand" most basic requests. All 3 need a reboot at least once a day. These devices do nothing to add convenience in day to day like. They do waste a ton of time and are definitely a source of frustration.. so if that's what you're into please disregard the 1 star review and enjoy!
I can ascertain if/when <clears throat> 'Dear Google' has: Google Cloud Platform performance issues &/or that there's probably a software update available. The 'Clue' is an increased frequency during just a day or evening when GH responds ". . .I don't understand . . ." Worth the $100 price tag. No.
Great concept, but idiotic in having to use google home to cast to chromecast. Additionally, also lacking in the ability to install on a pc or mac.
To me google home is junk. It can only answer about 10% of what I all... Sad thing is my phone answers more than google home.
Well ...would be good if Home.would connect to my WIFI ...but apparently its not supported on wifi that is login and password protected ....npt impressed google should have been considered before release
It keeps telling to get update when it's the latest version. Won't let me cast until it does. Would like to at least notify google but I cant figure out how to reach an actual person.
Take ambient back to backdrop. Not being able to mix home pics with everything else? Why would you go backwards?
Version 1.30.43.17 will no longer run on my Nexus 6P. I tried clearing cache and deleting user data. Crashes at launch.
Last update screwed up the app. YouTube is not detecting Chromecast, not on my phone neither on my spouse, so clearly the app has problem.
It's okay. The layout is not very intuitive. They certainly have a lot they could improve in the layout.
It's unbearable that during the slideshow on Chromecast I can't have any information about the picture like for example where is the panorama or what kind of flower is!!!!
Latest: Google Chrome does not work well when there's thunder and lighting (even faraway)
Will not work on my honour 7!! Was working fine now all of a sudden I can't open it....all I want is to watch Netflix and connect to Chromecast but it's not even staying open help!!!
i bought google home when it just came out. now it tells me i have to subscribe , then directs me to a radio...station, i am tired of the new format, it was pure ,simply enjoyment , when it came out.... now its going commercial.
Love the app had Google home since release one thing that annoys me is it needs to support Netflix on Android TV been waiting for over a year now Google
Good app but really need better support of third-party device like the Lenovo Smart Display, Insignia Smart Speaker, cameras... Need audio group, drop in feature...
Since the up date will not connect to my Chromecast at all. Stupidly frustrating as have followed all the instructions a million times and still won't work
Phone app says it needs update but "get update" takes me back to install screen. I can never get update.
where can i rename my chromecast etc?? i cant find it anymore since the update edit: i know how to do it now
Won't stay connected for more than 20 minutes at a time without needing to restart the chromecast and my modem.
Good one. Only problem with mobile is it works only with wifi or others"s hotspot, and not with own mobile data
Just starting and not sure if using it right, I'm trying to watch on Chromecast and having trouble with Hulu
The app is great. The problem I'm had where the app wouldn't start has been solved. I can now enjoy the app again.
Great app but it lack a switch to mask it on the LAN once I am connected to it. I mean that I'm sharing my place with other people (and so the same wifi) and they acces my device anytime they want without any permission even in the middle of the night. Or just even put a code before the first connection ? It will make my life way easier !
Some of my chromecast devices are not showing up. I have to force close the app or reboot my phone in order to fix the issue
Won't connect to Netflix! I have to mess with it for 30 minutes to get a show going. Please update!
Some people don't have WiFi and use their hotspot from their phone so how am I supposed to connect this to my Chromecast if I'm using a hotspot and not wifi. I found a way to connect my Chromecast using my hotpot luckily but I still can't use this app from my phome
After the update the app crashes on startup, tried reinstalling but the problem persists. Can't use my chromecast, please fix
I'm having privacy and security issues because when I cast media to my android TV, everyone in the house connected to our wi-fi gets notified and gets the ability to control what I'm watching and it's my TV and it's annoying.
When cast to tv sony bravia 50w800c it's lag and start quite slow. I try reinstall it but still problem
I don't understand how my Pixel 2 XL can't connect with my home.mini, yet my wife's Iphone8 works perfect.... C'mon Google get it together.....
Why do you need to sign in with a Google account and have location reporting on in order set up a chromecast? Absolute rubbish.
This app was completely fine until the new update!! I linked my account to my google home but on the app it keeps saying it cant find my device!!!
I'd like to see more integration with Chromecast and being able to display more information like calendar events, tasks, inside temp with Nest info, etc.
it's not working. my phone is definitely compatible with screen mirroring but idk what's wrong with this app. it doesn't work it just loads reallyyyyy looonggggg.
barely functioning with Note 8! after the last update debacle, Google manage to make it WORSE and EVEN LESS RELIABLE, ridiculous
Love the app I mean I really only use it to connect devices however every now and then I'll tell my Google Home to play some music from Google Play. So while I'm maybe 3 or 4 song into what's playing I find myself liking the playlist and would like to save it. However when I click on the song it ask me to open up Google Play, but when I do that it doesn't go to the song or display the current playlist. Why give me the option to open the app if it has no correlation or affect of what's playing? Really wish this very simple task can be implemented I can't even see the past songs played or artist names it only shows me whats currently playing.
Doesn't work with the Samsung Note 9. It stops working as soon as you hit the button.
I can't get it to open. One month in and it stopped working. It says app keeps closing. Looked for updates and nothing.
It used to work on my phone. Same phone. Same internet I have deleted the app and reinstalled. I have done a factory reset on my chromecast device I made sure everything was updated and that didnt help cant cast my screen and there are no available icons for any of my apps. I have an android phone . my wife however has an iPhone and it works seemlessly on hers. It is linked to my Google account. But works on her Apple device. I called customer service and she was nice but no help.
No longer opens. Crashes every time I try to open on my new note 9
Don't buy Google home. Was working fine, now getting worst and worst. Also the Chromecast not able to connect. So disappointing Google.
Crashes all the time when using it with Home Mini. A nightmare to use when I change the location of my Home Mini, can't find device or fails to connect to WiFi consently. Regret not buying a Amazon dot.
Im not able to cast the mobile screen in the television. If Home team reads this kindly help to rectify the same.
8/30/2018 linked Wemo again today, up and running again. Google needs to make their home controls more stable. Still have 4 ghosting devices in home control. 8/30/2018 Still can't use my Wemo devices with Google Home. Used to work went to bed woke up in the morning and wemo didn't work anymore. 8/28/2018 Tech told me senior tech would call me back in 3 minutes to an hour. No call at 1 hour 20 minutes. 8/28/2018 after power outage can't use home to reach wemo. Tech had me remove wemo and reconnect wemo. It won't reconnect. Made things worse. I think it's all the ghosting devices Google create on 6/27/2018 When google went down. That's when all the ghosting devices appeared. Right after Google went down. Was this product ready for release? Have 5 devices ghosting in home control section after Google went down on 6/27/2018. Can't delete them. 5 devices that dont exist. I see lots of people are having the same issues. Need help to remove the ghosting devices. I have a Google home named kitchen. Now have 2 kitchens and a kitchen1, kitchen2, kitchen3, kitchen4 and Kitchen5 devices in home control only. !NEED HELP! 6/27/2018 Have two google homes Bedroom and kitchen. All was working fine when I went to bed. This moring kitchen worked but Bedroom said some thing went wrong. Turning power off and on again did not work. Turning modem off and on again and all homes did not work. Did a factory reset on bedroom and reset it up. Tried the same thing with kitchen but won't setup. Seems that we can only have one home at a time. This product is plagued with bugs and update trouble. Had for over a year now and it is fix or repair daily. On wait to google home phone tech support for 1 hour now waiting for someone. I am very tired of this product troublesome record of not working. Spent way to many hours trouble shooting google's problems. Need help. Must be on your end everything was working when I went to bed I did nothing but google home had stopped working again when I woke up.
Can you make it so that we can hide devices? I'd live to be able to get my roommates TV off of the list on the Home app.
Plugged into tv and to power source, went to chrome cast setup page, signed in hit install and guess what nothing happened it says it's installed but it sure isn't, waste of time back to the shop I go for a refund.
Chromecast is Google based garbage. Don't buy it. Spend money on a device with screen share. Skip Chromecast and forget about Google Home.
App wasn't working on Galaxy Note 9, just crashing immediately with the dialog, "Home has stopped". I uninstalled this app, Assistant, and Google then reinstalled all three and it no longer crashes.
Let's you cast your screen or share compatible media directly to a TV. Only seems 80% of the time without requiring a complete reset of the device.
b"I use to LOVE my chromecast till I got this latest update and now my phone says it's not compatible with my phone! So disappointed!!!! \xe2\x98\xb9"
I'm not able to make a call and messages through Google home in India solve this issue
Does not work all the time. Often I have to go back in and set it up again
I love the app, but I could really use a Google Home widget for my Samsung S8. I'm only rating 1 star so that those that review these messages will see it and pass it on up the chain, or let me know that it's in the works. Will change rating to 5 stars after that.
Pretty annoying that the Routines feature is still not available in Canada. WHY?
Since i updated google home. I keep getting pop up ads on my phone... why ??
I'm addicted to streaming because I hate commercial and I hate waiting to see what happens next and with this app I can control what I watch when I want to watch it and how much I want to watch.
When this app was first released I had it working with all of my home home smart tech like Phillips hue bridge and light bulbs but just recently I had to reset my phone and reinstall all the apps and since then it will only work with Google smart tech. It was great as my grandson couldn't reach the light switches, so we got him to use the Google home app to use the lights but now nothing. I have looked all over the internet for answers on what's going on and and the short answer is that since Google have done an update it won't bridge with the Phillips hue. Come on Google please sort it out as it was a great app and was originally worth 5 stars but now it's not worth 1. Update thanks to the folks at Google have helped me through setting it all up and now all works fine. Thanks Google and here's the 5 stars.
b'\xd0\xa2\xd0\xb5\xd0\xb7\xd0\xb8 \xd0\xba\xd0\xbe\xd0\xb8\xd1\x82\xd0\xbe \xd0\xb8\xd0\xbc\xd0\xb0\xd1\x82 \xd0\xbf\xd1\x80\xd0\xbe\xd0\xb1\xd0\xbb\xd0\xb5\xd0\xbc \xd1\x81\xd1\x8a\xd1\x81 \xd1\x81\xd1\x83\xd0\xb1\xd1\x82\xd0\xb8\xd1\x82\xd1\x80\xd0\xb8\xd1\x82\xd0\xb5 \xd0\xb2 HBO GO \xd0\xb4\xd0\xb0 \xd1\x81\xd0\xb8 \xd1\x81\xd0\xbc\xd0\xb5\xd0\xbd\xd1\x8f\xd1\x82 \xd0\xb5\xd0\xb7\xd0\xb8\xd0\xba\xd0\xb0 \xd0\xbd\xd0\xb0 \xd1\x82\xd0\xb5\xd0\xbb\xd0\xb5\xd1\x84\xd0\xbe\xd0\xbd\xd0\xb0 \xd0\xbd\xd0\xb0 \xd0\xb0\xd0\xbd\xd0\xb3\xd0\xbb\xd0\xb8\xd0\xb9\xd1\x81\xd0\xba\xd0\xb8 \xd0\xb2\xd0\xbc\xd0\xb5\xd1\x81\xd1\x82\xd0\xbe \xd0\xb1\xd1\x8a\xd0\xbb\xd0\xb3\xd0\xb0\xd1\x80\xd1\x81\xd0\xba\xd0\xb8. \xd0\x9f\xd1\x80\xd0\xb8 \xd0\xbc\xd0\xb5\xd0\xbd \xd1\x82\xd0\xb0\xd0\xba\xd0\xb0 \xd1\x81\xd0\xb5 \xd0\xbe\xd0\xbf\xd1\x80\xd0\xb0\xd0\xb2\xd0\xb8\xd1\x85\xd0\xb0.'
For some reason Google home is not working it's not showing anything up it's just a blank screen?
Playing slides (ambient) in chronological order should be default, why are slides shuffled ? Makes no sense
It sucks doesn't want to connect to my phone Wi-Fi is very strong and still doesn't want to work
Limited. Basic functions hard to understand. Shame as google assistant is my main home automation solution.
Recommended in instrustions from Google services on my phone. Cannot go to the setting as told to do. This seems to be out of range for what I am trying to do-cancel sharing. Kathryn Lynn
Having a few issues with the app, managed to set up the home mini ok but when you try to allow 'personalization options' (i.e so it can check your emails, phone people etc) the menu pops up for half a second and then dissappears, I've even tried seeing if I could click 'allow' fast enough before it vanished but that didn't work. It's the only menu it does it on and it allows the home mini to do so much more but I can't click 'allow permissions' seems to be a bug with the app.
Google home seems to have performance problems connecting through Wi-Fi. All other casting apps have no problem.
Cannot access settings. When touching on the "more settings" button nothing happens. Mostly useless without that
Really google....you cant figure out how to block other people who are connected to the same wifi network from using any chromecast that happens to be connected to that network?
Screen mirroring is pathetic with Oreo 8.1 from last update Repeated connection breaks, sound interruption
Simple request but, can we add a tap on top of mini feature for alarms so I'm not waking people up by saying hey google....stop
b"I don't know why it isn't connecting to my wifi network it should be fixed very fast????"
It will not mirror my phone,it only shows stupid screen saver on tv screen...take the cast audio button off just cast mirror phone i wish i did not buy this will be looking for another device. I do not want to use apps i want to see my phone mirrored...
Why not allow us to cast videos directly from the chromecast device rather than from our own personal devices? Also why is there no autoplay video option?
Latest update crashed my Chromecast and will no longer work DO. NOT. UPDATE
do not want people to hack in to my account becuse i will have my new lawyer to get you guys all in touble with the law and also i can press chargest aganst you all with a lot of money where you will be poor and you will not have anything you own
Still causing network issues, any time the Google homes are plugged in they cause issues with the router until I unplug the homes then everything goes back to normal. Please fix, or just stop uploading all my data to your servers.
Keep getting a w4b3 c2f8 p7jq error when trying cast a video via phone.
Love the app but won't allow me to connect to my Chromecast half of the time. I have to restart my phone to get a successful connection.
Annoying that background images do not include their location. Worse that connection is so fickle. Frustrating that disconnection clears YouTube queue and Play Music and disables remote functions like pause and mute.
Does not open on Note 9 Update You're right, I had to uninstall and install again. Nothing else worked. UPDATE 2. Hey can you help me get a job at Google? I'm really good at tech support and the likes. I'm willing to relocate. Thanks.
b"Ok since the last update I can't customize my TV chromecast to show food recipes again. When I click the app all it gives is Arts and paintings. I want my TV to show food again when it goes thru each picture. Thanks google for not letting us customize our stuff in Ambient mode. \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f"
The sound keeps disconnecting on mirror cast and I can't connected again
Stop sending NUDE PICTURES!! STOP NOW!!
Half the time it won't connect to my device. Lately it's connecting 0% of the time and constantly losing connection to my wifi network. I have to trouble shoot and fix it every other month which is never fun.
It was working before , and once in a while the connection will get lost and just recently everytime I try to watch Netflix or use YouTube it will not work on my tv
App no longer contains the ability to change the physical address of devices (or, at least, the support documentation is out of date and the setting is somewhere unintuitive). This is very annoying if you've moved home.
The app tells me I need to update yet there is no update available.
I have reported regarding the app as I couldn't see the tab home control in my Google home app , I want to link google assist to ewelink app to control electric switches using sonof 4 channel switch
Chromecast is a pain and is the only reason I dld Home. Now Nougat won't cast from the phone screen amymore but c-cast does cast other apps and seems to work for other OSs
When casting to my vizio smart tv, the media controllers no longer appear in google home so now i cannot fast forward nor rewind like i could before. Please fix. This was my favorite feature of Google home.
I am not getting sound or talking its just not working i dont know what else to do
Doesn't work with google play movies! Laughable how Google can make a product that's not yet compatible with its own apps!
I was wondering why my tv was so cheap when I bought it. It wasn't until I got home I realized it was a Google cast tv. This is one big ol piece of garbage. The tv is great 4k hd but the application sucks more wieners than a fat middle aged man at a hot dog eating contest. The problem really is whenever the episode changes or video ends and the next one begins the audio to video ends up de-synchronizing . Which lets all agree is the worst thing to happen to your tv. It's basically television leprosy. Now let's just put some fears to rest on it just being my phone no no. I thought about that. See I found the problem. It is the tv saying it's 100% ready to play before the phone does. Once you pause and play again it goes back to normal but dang that's anoying to every single time. Just imagine having this big ol hogie sandwich and just as you get to the middle of that saucy little devil your tv starts catching the black pleg now you have to go wash your hands come back stop your show and restart it. What kind of nightmare is this? Please make a fix.
The app support online and in the community is very out dated and does not match the current version. This makes it very confusing to make any changes!
Why Google Home cannot support Hindi Language even thou Google Assistant is supporting the same? Why so much laziness or political in this ? Hope Google Reads and answer with a date. !!
This is a very simple to use app, but beware of the permissions you are giving google. Essentially letting them observe and collect data on your life.
Having issues with my devices recognising the Chromecast since latest update, Chromecast isn't being recognised within the Google home app although working on the TV
I don't know if it's the app or the chromebook but it doesn't stay connected to the TV have to reboot a dozen times to get through 1 show!
The Google home controls alot of devices. Its neat, and can be funny. Just like your phone google.
This app in the products required to use it is completely ridiculous having to have Wi-Fi all the time to operate it I am a truck driver and would like watch my shows on something other than my phone or tablet that is why I purchase this item but there is no way to use it without having Wi-Fi so this is a junk product for anyone in my profession or in a situation where you don't have Wi-Fi
Chromecast is horrible. I can only sync with it on my wi-fi in my house. Any other location and my device cant find it no matter how many times I reboot it.
You would think that a Google app running on a Google Pixel 2 would interface with a Google Home speaker, wouldn't you? Well, this hunk of junk doesn't. Oh, it works for a day or two, but then it suddenly "forgets" that it's already linked to the speaker. Sure wish I'd gone with Alexa instead...
The app crashes every time I try to change the time for a scheduled routine.
After latest upgrade connection to chromecast keeps dropping. #notcool #fixit
This does nothing on my note 8, I even reloaded it still doesn't work
Speaker is stuck in wrong time zone with no way to fix. Communication between my phone and speaker is horrible - very amateur app
A real mish-mash of things in the Google Home app. Never quite sure what it is for, other than configuring my Google Home Minis and Chromecasts. Difficult to use.
Should work thru Bluetooth devices also, it is currently able to manage only chromcast devices For example I have LED bulb which is Bluetooth enabled, it cannot control that but Alexa can do it
Can you play me things Google home mini when I say ok Google ain't good not answering me I have to say it 4 times before it answers
Pretty good app my google home survived after it got thrown through the wall.
I was going to raise my rating until.i realized that I can no longer fast forward/rewind from here. This was my goto when Netflix's controls weren't working.
Really grate and good app by Google really like it, My Tv converted into SMART TV by Google Chromecast.
Unable to set up my Google chrome cast device through your app
b'Setting up a new Chromecast is "a breeze" on Android (S8): Keeps crashing as soon as I open the app, even after clearing data and cache (app is up to date). Hopefully, works on iOS devices ... ??'
b"Doesnt work for my galaxy s9. Says it's not optimized door my phone??"
Really very non-intuitive -presenting a bunch of Google ads and nothing useful - for use with Chromecast, which is unusable without this app
I have purchased an Google Chromecast and using my phone streaming Youtube after installing google home. Suddenly, now my phone could not connect with Chromecast. Please help
I can't personalise my Chromecast anymore? What happened? Every time I go to the Google home app, there is no sign of my Chromecast, I can't change the settings, some of my applications won't work on my Chromecast. What is this update?????
Says I need to update my app, but when I am redirected to play store it says I have latest update. Guess y'all have some fixing to do
It's a good app, wish there were somethings it could work on, such as VLC
Giving problem wd gaana app neither casting nor playing the whole playlist on gaana
Whould have given a higher rating but built-in subtitles are not supported. When will you make built-in subtitles supported?
Screen mirroring fails far too often.. it is a basic function and quite irritating
Streaming is good. Casting is horrible. The volume continuously stops with casting.
This app worked with my old phone because I got the google home free with it. Now I have a new phone and it won't work with the new phone.
Garbage update. why alter something that wasn't broken.
b"The default virtual volume needs to be set to moderate or 0. (because of the feature casting to tv's connected to high powered surround sound system's)) AMAZING! App\xe2\x98\xba PLEASE READ & CONSIDER"
Not working with Ecobee. Searching the web it seems this has been happening for months. Edit: working now. Most of the initial bugs have been ironed out.
It's amazing. However, language changing preference is not available on the app. It's not showing the options which were supposed to be shown in the more settings option. Please help.
I tried reinstalling the app because it was crashing so bad that I couldn't even open it then it got stuck at the uninstall tab and now I can't install it again so frustrating I own a google home and just changed my router so irritating
I always have to reset and uninstall app and then reinstall and then link the Google homes again to have a group for music. Every week.
"Couldn't update the setting. Check your network connection." will be your entire life trying to set up smart devices. Go with Amazon Alexa instead.
Looks like there's a bug that force closes the app on the unlocked note 9. Typically though, this app is awesome!
Since Latest update all media devices that is tv apps have stopped working as has Google photos , very disappointed because it previously was excellent
Would be cool to see the ability of alarms with light/plug controls or a preset routine for waking up vs good morning
Out of nowhere unlinked one of my devices on everything and it's acting funny.
It won't let me mirror cast my phone to TV. Not sure if cuz i have the latets phone?
Since the update only one person can setup Google home for use with smart plugs and everyone is locked out. FIX!
Pretty useful app, but it has stopped working with my Philips hue lights. Pretty much the only reason I got a Google home...
It's okay when it works but sometimes it loses connection with the wifi and then it doesn't want to set up again
Not so much Home as Chromecast. Chromecast freezes every fifteen minutes, so don't plan on ever watching anything on it
Work good on anroid device but not compitable on iOS devices...cant setup voice controls, needs to update some software
After several attempts to p u t the home icon back. Screen i cannot.
Would be 5 stars if there was an option to dim/turn off screen while watching videos. Mirroring is major battery killer.
Can't play music from Google apps. Then what can it do? Not impressed. Close to returning it and exchanging it for alexa
I wish chromecast had an auto-off function. It runs all night when I watch TV to fall asleep.
b"This app does'n't work on the Samsung tab E and doesn't work for note 8 I feel like I have wasted my time buying crome cast ??."
Flake, buggy. OK when it works. Getting worse as time goes by.
Unable to connect with Chromecast 75 percent of the time. Too much time troubleshooting with poorly written, and probably outdated directions.
It's an advertisement. When you try to stop what's casting or what is playing, it usually just shows ways of spending money.
Suddenly my device wouldn't connect to my Chromecast. I went through the trouble shoot list and nothing helped.
Mste tydligen gra en "unlink" fr att min nya Phillips hue lampa ska synas i Google home. Vrdelst.
Worked fine for years, but suddenly crashes nonstop. Can't even get through a Chromecast setup. Please fix.
Would have gave 5 star when the app was working. Now I have to restart my phone if I want the Home App to connect to my chromecast. Don't have any trouble casting from other apps!
Switched voice on all devices to English US. Cannot revert back to English UK. Help!
I love the app, but it would be great if i could choose to keep audio on my phone, as to not disturb sleeping housemates
Doesnt work after latest update. I cannot manage and use my chromecast devices anymore.
I'm trying to use my phone to connect to a tv, however I don't have a separate WiFi. I'm sure it has to work somehow.
Disconnects constantly. Cast screen is a joke worked great for about a month then updated and can't get it to play a video for more than half an hour before it disconnects either sound or image and needs restarted thought it was the app I was casting the video from but it does it on all apps. The tips and tricks , faqs , and troubleshooting guide has no mention of this issue what it does reference is making sure the internet is connected in your home right or that it has a good dedicated power source and the plugs are secure very unhelpful. Will not be purchasing any other Google product this app is for. The reply with solutions is a moot point as these things have already been given permission I never use power save features and the app is set to auto update. Problem persists with the new problem that I have to reconnect it to the wifi everyday after work now too yay.
Connection problems all the time. The only thing worse than the Google Home app is Chromecast.
Not "optimized" for my device, Galaxy Note 8
it keeps telling me i need an update but when i go to google play there is no update available only Open.
It keeps breaking my phone mirroring. Google home is terrible. Come on fix it.
I wish we could have a qr code on the chromecast backgrounds from play newsstand so we can immediately read the article.
Why is it that the apple version has already been updated to the new UI yet Android is still running the old version? Has Google given up hope on its own platform and become an apple first developer?
Great for Chromecast, but wish it had more apps compatible for casting. Pandora for one.
The queued up video doesn't play in a correct order
useless, would not connect to any Chromecast device
Like all of Google services either crashes or won't connect
b'Over and over and over again I keep adding lights to rooms and hitting the \xe2\x9c\x93 yet they NEVER SAVE. This is annoying!!!!!'
I think it's the best thing Google ever invented something so easy I love it gave it to my father-in-law and he just loves it thank you Google
After it plays the first ad it doesn't come back to the show. Just a black loading screen around and around. Have to unplug tv everytime and wait for everything to load. 5 stars after fix.
It cannot find the Chromecast device that is functioning perfectly well 10 feet away.
Audio problem when i cast on tv there is no audio sound specialy when i rotate the mobile
It keeps crashing. And i can't uninstall it at all so i can reinstall it to hopefully fix it.
I don't get why the new update? It was fine until the new update came out anyway, the problem is that I can't really use it and the screen mirroring is not there. If so, at least tell me and the others how to do it.
Rubish!!! It is 100% un-useful update... it was working and now is sh$$@#$@
Now working although broadcast function some times fails
Not at all useful. Getting error in connecting Chromecast.
It funny had this app for a year now it stopped working
I cant imagine my life moments excluding chromecast
Very complicated. Worked for a while but Now I can't get it to work. Waste of money.
I am not even saying the hot word and it keeps hearing me
Navigation is really annoying. Very hard to find things.
Absolute garbage. Not a fan of someone else controlling.
I can't setup it with Huawei devices. Mate 10 lite, p20 lite, y7 prime. It's configured with iPhone, and Samsung devices.
It's the best thing.. it's really help smart home concept.. IOT technology and AI technology is our feature..
Cannot choose other music providers. Only YouTube shows as an option
Followed instructions. It won't connect to my tv, which was never a problem before.
Wifi crash issues( home app .phone and chromecast on 2.4 network not resolved and is driving people mad crazy .routers are being changed ugraded and rebooted hourely fights with neighbors and providers and all that time you tell us to make sure that there routers are upgraded to the latest firmware version to fix your mess .mayby fixing this issue before the big avangarde backdrop tecnology update that is pointless if it incqpacitates the intire network .and the issue may have ev3n more layering to it.But all this said the original chromecast and the first version of the app worked flawless for over a year .made everyone i know get a chromecst bought one for my girlfriend and my unteck savy mother that used it and didint know wath modems and or rooters are and loll Its rediculous the leaders in A.I ))) the behavior of this malfonction cause anger and unplesantness.And this ridiculous comment box im righting in that ypu can not see wath or where you are righting is not a cure or a marvel of engeneering fluant really starting to see the is a major issue for many google device owners !!but not for google.This is almost your entire hardware line thats malfonctionning !) Good thing data mining personal add targeting and digital censorrship are your bread and butter.or t3ll us to go buy microsoft laptop amazon alexas. we will miss tjose backdrops.
Playing podcasts only instead of "my music". It's driving me up the wall!!! Not working. useless. What is going on???
Tried to cast to my TV and it kept saying that Google home needed an update, when I clicked on it, it just brings me to the play store, all I can do is open the app or uninstall it, no update to be found....
I've used chromecast for years and now the stupid thing is saying I can't use my wifi password????
App is again not casting any of the apps on TV.. cant cast Netflix, YouTube and other. Like before..
Its keep crashing on unlocked samaung s9 OJ 8.0
Just one more to speed up offline speech rec and it will be perfect, just hoping this new lifeproof case is not muffling my voice that much.
Very unstable with my s8 note and iphone 8.
Stuck on the choose your Wi-Fi screen. Unable to select any networks.
Crashes on launch. Cleared cache, cleared data, re-installed... still won't open.
Can't see my device from phone or tablet. Looks like junk to me.
I cant add WeMo plug in devices, is this compatible with google home?
I can't connect my POCO F1. while other devices are connected.
Bought chromecast ultra and downloaded App... huge waste of time and money only ever connected to the device for set up then immediately after it looses signal till you reset it again and again so after 2hrs of trial and error it still won't let me actually use it for what its intended, the unit was 2feet from the router and I was within 5feet trying to get it to work. I wondered how this app could be rated so highly liked when I read the comments and every one of them is bad news and 1 star rating then you keep scrolling and realize they've paid people to put 5 star ratings to keep they're average up, kinda slimy if you ask me
Was crashing... reinstalled and now works again
Very unhappy. Keeps hanging up. Always loops. Disconnected from wifi.
Nice app little difficult to use but easy to Chromecast and connect good app overall
I experience lagging issue when streaming YouTube via smartphone to TV
Doesn't work. Crashes. On galaxy s9
Keeps disconnecting apps. Hulu, YouTube, and Netflix. I have to uninstall, reinstall, and factory reset on a regular basis.
TERRIBLE HAVE TO RESET ENTIRE THING DAILY
Complete waste of money. Works for guests and not me.
It doesn't connect to chrome cast sent a email off telling them this and got no reply
What have you done to this app I cannot connect to my chromcast any more it was simple before but now you ruined it please un update it.
b"What the hell did you guys do to this app ,now i can't find the cast my device to screen mirroring after this new unannounced update ,??"
In India i dont think it satisfies people with full functionality
It would be nice if I didn't spend three-quarters of my time Rebooting Rebooting Rebooting.
I cannot get it to work. Keeps taking me in circles. Update not working.
Why can't I find device info anywhere? In trying to turn off media notifications via the instructions from the help and feedback, but its nowhere to be found
I love this app and all the great things you can do with it I have my whole house set up through google home :)
Fix on tabs not working such as home controll....aditional google app must be installed and updated.
Love it! Streams seamless and transition from phone to chrome cast is easy and a no brainer. Awesome device Google.
I have found this app (Google Home) to be a very useful and reliable application. Aptly named, Home.
When I try to connect to a device I keep getting a message that an update is needed I select update and go to the open or uninstall page I select open and go through the connection steps and keep getting the same message even after uninstalling and reinstalling.
Just lags every video I try to watch. Very disappointed.
Good app but has its flaws... Developers need to improve certain aspects.. Still four stars for the time being
This app could not launch the music app on my phone. The explore menu referenced in help does not exist.
Not able to connect to wifi with login page.
When will the UK get continuous listening? And be able to control google play movies with voice commands which has been in the us since may 18?
Screen mirroring does not work on xiaomi mi a1
Been having issue with connecting to internet since the last update
After six hours of trying to pair device still unable
Keeps crashing doesn't do much waste of time
Still can not chromecast: Samsung J7+ with Toshiba 55U6750 - Chromecast build-in TV.
It is great when it works. Too often I have to reboot or setup device again. When it works it casts fine from home app. Like YouTube. Won't screen mirror though.
Worked on my galaxy s9+ till it updated. Now it sees my devices but wont connect.
Pls pls add hindi language to talk with ....in mobile available so why not in mini....Alexa is understood hindi and talk also....plz... Google add hindi
Decent but for some reason,the Google home does drop connection and I need to restart it before it gets recognized again by my phone.
Doesn't work if using wifi isolation (guest wifi).
Works, just works. I've found it useful to disable ok Google on my phone though so the speaker and the phone don't cross paths
Please add a feature to type the request to the google home speaker. Sometimes it does not catch the words and is a pain to get it to respond correctly to the voice orders.
Works great now. Uninstalled/ reinstalled and reset tablet. Thanks for the super fast reply with help. Perfect
Its good last time but now it keeps disconnecting... Pls optimize more make it stable
This app used to be very helpful. Unfortunately it does not even open on the Samsung Note 9.
Doesn't work anymore. Worked nice last couple years now nothing.. wtf,,?
Does not work with note 9 . Please fix
Home speaker is fun, but app is broken. Cannot seem to access the "more settings" menu to set features like routines.
Don't like that it won't let me open the stupid app!! Explain GOOGLE!!!!!!!
NO PRIVACY !! on my wi-fi network, anyone can disconnect my casting and in the same time everybody on the same wi-fi network have google home can see what i am casting
Like the cast your screen function, if it can handle video better that would be amazing, it's a bit laggy and colours are a bit washed out.
Faulty screen mirror phone freezez
Very poorly designed to function correctly in the world
i m not able to change wifi network for built in chromcast on my smart tv with it
Really enjoy it! I learn so much!! The calendar really helps. Thanks Google!!
I can not get it to load on my laptop
Updated to Android 8.0 and now I can't Chromecast with the Twitch app anymore. It would be nice if this software worked more reliably.
Cast screen very rarely works. So frustrating!!
The app keeps crashing when opening. Can't use it.
You in spire me to do stuff that i never did
Pls fix this video stopped working in between play
Easy to connect to tv .. very very good . Thank you google team.. Keep rocking......
I Love this app with one exception: Bluetooth capability! Can it be a possibility!? Thank You & GOD BLESS !!!
Home app is multiplying a speaker in my bedroom. I currently have 5 devices unassigned to rooms. They are all the same device. Can't remove from list.
Happy with Google Home. I've bought 2 Chromecasts, I Chromecast Ultra and a Google Home Mini. The app is clean and easy to manage all my devices.
Getting better but the Google home devices microphones are a bit of a let down
Keeps disconnecting if not used in a few hours. Have to total reset google home everyday.
This speaker isn't compatible with any of my devices
Love it for me ,But more than that I installed it for my dad in a nursing home he streams Western s all day ..
Lot of repeatation of word is requited....not able to understand hindi...telling temprature in Farahniet though setting is in celcius...can be improved
Unbelievably bad app never works properly and when it decides it's going to work it works for about 5 minutes
Infinite loop of error app is out dated .
I can cast to my Chromecast straight from YouTube but when I use the app I can't even see my device
I can't go into anything to setup up lights etc, it use to let me but not now. Otherwise it be 5star
I tried my best to fix the buttons leading me to other settings audio and other things but it wouldn't work.
Just started this one ,dont know yet
My galaxy s7 is suddenly isnt optimized for casting with this app anymore???
Why is it when I cast from a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 the Infrared turns off my stereo?
b'Something went wrong, relaunch the app and try again!! ??????'
Great at first Google gives you some offers and then they stop that's the only reason am giveing a score of 3 stars
Superb Does not do anything I do not need it to.
It worked well but now I can't connect anything from my phone to my chromecast
I'm trying to use it and it's telling me I need to update app but when I go to play store to update it it says I need to update it , worked fine before now it's uselesd
It takes 3-4 taps to cast screen. Why not make a 1 tap shorcut?
I can't find my chromcast so I can't stream anything to my TV.
I do not own so skip
No longer stable looses connection frequently
Great app latest Samsung patch has caused the app to constantly crash, not lowering review since issue was caused by ota.
Not compatible with Denon HEOS speakers and amps
Crashes constantly. No help,
You should add pubg right now..
After last update many videos dont run in cast via my s7 ... fix
I like it because u can control your Chromecast or google home with it
App is great but Google should bring out the updates the same time as America instead of making us wait ages.
why can't I use bluetooth audio? Why must i associate an email? Why cant i just use the the cast as I paid for it ??
Por fin vuelve a funcionar. Pensaba que se me haba roto. Ahora veo que era un problema que afectaba a muchos.
Very good app but needs to learn how to control the Google home
any chance of a chrome extension or some desktop version. or bringing assistant to chrom. or configuring devices from desktop.
It looks like they wanted to hide their own past with a game I mean a show called road rules.
This app crashes everytime it is ran.
it is very faulty when it comes to screen mirroring
Unable to connect using LG G7thinQ
Calls cannot be made in australia
Won't open keeps crashing on my Note 9.
Best of many I have tried. Have recommended to friends.
Doesn't work on my Note 9
It won't let me sign in at all is asking me to create another account.
It won't let me mirror after new update.
Can't mirror the screen of my Samsung Galaxy S7 edge since the update
why can't we use this app without logging in/ google account?
It doesn't connect my Google mini to my Tenda mw3 mesh router.
Much improved. Can't wait to see what the future brings.
We have many through out our home, thank Google, it's like having a teacher in every room
Features of the Google Home app, like home control, require you to install the Google app for them to work. Google literally releases apps that require other apps to work.
I have to have this app because one of my t.v.s doesn't have Chromecast. This app will get you connected any time and any where.
Love Google home. Love the way it recognised different users and uses their own phone contacts. Much better than alexa
Note 3 neo samsung supporting as date was error
Just dosen't work anymore
b'Like a master control center, one app to rule them all ????'
Love this app but it won't let me call or text people when I ask my google home mini
It won't do anything it. I tap load more an nothing happens.
I love that I can cast anything to my TV my only complaint is it should work without wifi
Not very compatible like girestick
No good keeps loosing audio
Worse than my Roku and FireStick
Does not work most of the time
wy does it keep shuting down
It's not working on note 9. " Home keeps stopping. Close app"
It doesn't work.
App won't let me set up any services or devices, please fix asap.
Great app but on my Note 9 it won't open just crashes as soon as I tap the icon.
Cannot link more user..
Keeps telling me APP needs update, but app says its already updated.
I just loved it!
Cannot add new devices.Cannot join to my family home. Google home does not control home devices anymore.
Routine has diszapeared from my menu - please fix this.
Difficult to connect Bluetooth speaker.
I not sure how I can use
My app hasnt been working right for last week
Thanks to google home I could set up my chromecast
Keeps bugging. Freeze. Can't connect....
I have both an iphone x and note 9 test out the soware that it is. It is really futuristic in thought
Not able to open the app.
Love Google home and pretty much everything Google.
It looses connection every now and again and have to reinstall to get it working again sort it out
Love it when it works, almost daily connection issues. Spotify, YouTube, Google Home, Google cast... You name it.
No screen mirroring for HTC One M8 but it works on the M7? Get it sorted Google!
All resolve )\/( new code name (\/( () ,mr.dreamer, and im still single looking for girl that i need true lover
Is good and has great future but needs a few more tweaks and better layout to get more stars.
Does not work and won't connect
Much improved! It's getting easier to cast to various devices and control the volume on each one.
U broke it again....ug
I don't know yat
Without a doubt makes things a lot easier and allows you to use two things at once
Only works half of the time.
Well this is a good app just install it
Any idea when you will get Czech language for Assistant
Followed instructions but app cant find home mini
why doesn't it work with xfinity?
It have only limited apps to cast and it needs strong wifi connection otherwise it won't work
Dont like the new update
Doesnt work tab3
All times disconnect problems
Is the shortcuts menu is gone? Or maybe it just on Indonesia? Answer me please!
I use in my school. We find musics in youtube and broadcast them on the tv.
Will not work with chormecast
I can't cast my screen to my chromecast device (Samsung s7 edge)
Just great! Nice developments! Dutch assistant: nice it's here, but it can improve.
The white burns my eyes. Do Google developers wear sunglasses?
Just love it - simple to install and very easy to use
Confused by the way it is only liking my bedroom chromecast not my living room chromecast
I hope you guys will launch Google Home here in the Philippines
cant get simple chromecast like I used to. it only browses to Google services. why not dropbox
My dad just got a google mini he loves it so much I'm getting one
Not quite sure yet..
New updates removed the ability to view the drop back history of viewed images.
Garbage!! Not dependable.
it won't connect! rubbish!
I downloaded this app to change the voice but tgeres no settings!
Unable to open on Note9.
Way behind the US in features
The new update is amazing. But some of the features you are talking about are not in my app :)
This app has stopped
I suddenly can't use my chromecast to connect and streamy phone
My chrome cast isn't working even though the app says it's ready
Try to redeem an offer and it crashed and closes itself.
I have reinstall this app for few times but doesn't open.
Not working for casting from Moto g devices using mirascreen device
Google assistant voice option is missing for Google home mini. Pls fix it!!
My chromecast is not connecting to google home!! I've tried everything
Works great but I wish it supported "xfinitywifi" / hotspot connections that require log in information
It's no use to anyone un lese they have chromecast
How long does it take to set up? It has been an hour and it still has not set up yet
Good but it keeps lagging when I play YouTube videos
Update spanish content and features for South America region please.
I'm having a hard time to install and get addressed on the device
App will not open at all after latest update
Google has launched its first release of the latest version
It keeps disconnecting from my Wi-Fi.
its A good app but it doesnt apply to my daily life
Can't set up new chromecast for tv
Can't do screen mirroring on my Samsung Note 8
It asks for an update just to use it, but there is no update
App asks me to link my home mini again and again
Can't use well if your phone is your wireless hotspot.
Please bring Google chrome browser casting
Could not even find our roomba
It's says I need to update and it won't let me
Sometimes get no or slow response .
Connects to my Home Mini and Chromecast with ease. Setting them up with this app was easy to do.
b"It is really cool I can't believe that It actually connects to the Google home mini ??"
Motivation badges slow to refresh. Otherwise perfect.
It has improved my life but make being a Google music sub free
Good overall. Routines are great. My only comment is that it's hard to found related services descriptions.
I think this was a wast of my time
App is incredibly so to the point of it being unusable
Cannot always connect to my Google Max.
Has a bug can't cast anything please fix
It needs to be easy for older people to set up who are not used to a lot of technology.
Can't get in to more setting on the app what heck is going on?
Wonderful and. Great goole,you are very nice and good teacher,polite,smart and lovely,happy day
I can't access settings. I moved and I can't set my new location.
Really love my Google Home system
Can i control smart devices directly with Google assistant or this app without a Google home speaker?? Thanks
Uncasting after couple of minutes all the time
Need to fix the reminders, tries several installs and I cant access the reminders to delete them
Very less number of features available in India
Keeps force closing on galaxy note 9
It's about time!
Good App. Google home app one step closer to global domination... Lol
Trajo 9 horas para el precio
It works, it talks to my Chromebook and Chromecast
Cad o idioma portugus pro google home ?
Crashes on note 9...
This is of no use other than playing songs. And the songs are different not original
Tunein Radio not working on Chromecast
Great for screen mirroring on your TV.
Never worked, brought 2 and both never worked
App needs work!I have 2 Hue lights,shows 8.
I can't find routines under services
The app doesn't support amazon prime
Every Use vpn Google Chrome Cast Can't Connect. Why....?
It has only ever gone in loops.
b"I love this game I had it for 2 years I think because I had this game when I was 5 and now I'm 7 I love this game.??????"
I like it but, it no longer shows me my shopping list.
How to connect in guest mode, I can't connect it .
Please bring back the ability to select more than one source in the ambient mode
It can bring the feature of hands free calling through home mini in India
b'\xd9\x87\xd8\xb0\xd8\xa7 \xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb7\xd8\xa8\xd9\x8a\xd9\x82 \xd9\x8a\xd8\xb9\xd9\x85\xd9\x84 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb5\xd9\x88\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa9 \xd9\x85\xd9\x85\xd8\xaa\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb2\xd8\xa9'
It do not connect to wifi
It's broken!
I cant connect to my Chromecast
Hard to disconnect and add multi device
Wont open on new galaxy note
Just a little hard to set up
Worked one day and never again
If uall leave my phone along it will be great I pay my bill
Mini does everything you ask from it. Very much a device to get. Love it!
Something apps dont have support.
Have to set voice match over and over
For weeks now this app won't open and crashes constantly. Please help.
Keeps telling me to update with no update
It is useful but it doesn't connecting with new wifi... Please any suggestions
Can't cast xfinity stream... Only reason why I got chrome cast...
Won't connect to BT Wi Fi
It's nice. Please update where we can cast Amazon Prime directly.
It will do!
Google home is a great device,But the alarm should say the time.
b'I love this! ??'
Keeps disconnecting from apps
Crashes all the time
Never commits properly
Not user friendly
I can't connect to the Chromecast
Chromecast wouldn't connect or reset
It won't open and keeps crashing. For A Few weeks Now.
,Doesn't always factory reset, has problems syncing with music apps
It must Hindi & odia language
Wont screen mirror cast keeps saying connecting but nothing happens
Doesn't load on Samsung tablet
Not ready for prime time.
This is an increasingly great tool for bringing order to my smart home!
b'technology you can pet ??'
Not working in my phone
More ideas needed!
Connects all Google casting
no home icon in app
Add proxy support!
Calling is not available for India
Cant get it to setup
Sometimes it acts weird
It's a nice and useful app
It's trash.
Not so friendly
Not user friendly
May not be optimized
Drops out alot
Sorry not connected
Can't wait to see the update but it has been a great experience
Need routines support to control my multiple Smart devices @ home
It's good app it has all my devices in one place
I love my cast but it's not working right now help !!!
Cant wait for the update!!
It's really useful if u own any google products
Really good app. Helped me to set my Google home
Hit and miss for casting
Planned obsolescence.
All I want to know is when is the home call function coming to Germany
Very nice easy set up but must have WiFi
Okay I have a wonderful over here to my place tonight
It's great but sometimes it doesn't cast my screen
Doesn't cast from Android
Won't connect to network
my review w/be forth coming after i use the app.
Can't connect with Mibox
Casting is not working.
please support setting up the home mini in China Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaas!
Work very good!
I love this app because easy to use.i have a Google mini. I love it
Works 50% of the time
No consigo conectar.
It is not working!!!!!
Can't live without it!.
Need ability to track and report lost/stolen smart speakers
Think I'm trying to figure out what to do with my phone
Won't link accoung
I have a Google home it connected but it says download Google home app
It sucks !
New. App to explore
I just can use for youtube, nothing even netflix
It doesn't workkk
Keeps stopping!
I love this app i can vontrol everything with it would almost everything.
It's annoying
This app is very useful
Doesn't work
I give it a fat zero
It is easy to handle and also works like a human assistant
Not bad nothing all that much to say same as last
Great experience even after handling devices for 55 years
It doesn't work on Android devices it work great on iPhone's
Don't work
Flaky Chromecast detection
I like this features..
It doesn't give tell me what isaid to remind me
No Netflix website
b'\xe1\x82\x80\xe1\x80\x80\xe1\x80\xad\xe1\x80\xb3\xe1\x80\x80\xe1\x80\xb9\xe1\x80\x90\xe1\x80\x9a\xe1\x80\xb9'
Keeps un connecting
Add telugu language
b'Just Brilliant so far! Keep up the good work Google!!! ??'
nice application, can help us more than i hope...
Unreliable connections...
It's great.i love it.it Does everything it supposed to do
All hoping is my Google be set up stylish to my and Google Standards
Just keeps disconnecting...
I loved it and it helped me alot
Performs as advertised.
Not Connecting to the chromecaste Some changes should be done
Does what it's asked
I love Google home mini so much
b'Good Google ?? My Love Google ???????? Google Home Add Musixmatch ??'
It's nice and easy to use with my Chromecast.
That's what's up that's real
Confusing. Buggy.
b'Absolutely fantastic love it??'
It sucks It sucks
won't update
Google Home just simplified my life...Its GREAT!!!
This app makes life simple. Appreciate it
Doesn't load
Netflix doesn't cast, very frustrating!
Thanks app.
I'll in Joy it thank you so much
Does Works
When it works, it's great. When it doesn't, it's the worst!
Thank you.
Simply supper u can satisfy with this app
I love this app good job Google
It is very important to me and I watch
Tech in its youth. Great potensial!
Life is very easy with google home.i love it.
Works when it wants to work... Not when I need it to.
It's great but I can't f
Awesome automation. Does more than expected. Love it.
It's gud.
Not bad. Great app to use!
A super user-friendly app!
It's a wonderful gadget. Works great
Amazing to use and have a ton of features.
Very limited on providing anything useful.
I love this app forever and ever . 666 .
It's ok
It's really awesome and I love it
Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiicccee!
Can't get it to make phone calls
All I can say that it's amazing
b'The best app for Chromecast \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
absolutely trash
A better UI would be nice
Nice very nice easy to control
Great and works good with the Google speaker
I think this is the best app ever
Great to use on Google mini home
Great if you learn how to use it
Daily Life Very Useful App
Another great Google product!
Jim like it
Needs improvement
Its ok
Rubbish rubbish
I like it
Help stinks
Never connects
Not working
It sucks
Thank you
Works as expected
Never worked
Not sure
It sucks
Find APS
Need update
It works
This is so helpful .Love it!!
not working
Connect when i wants to
Thank for app
greeat app
Helps with wifi
IT SUCKS
It sucks
Call me
Chromecast Chromecast audio and Google play great
It's very simple to connect.
Easy to use app! Kudos!
Excellent for casting phone content & videos
Great app.
Needs to be more user-friendly
Instructions are incorrect
Worst app
It a great device. Love it
Unable to mirror
Keeps on crashing
"Bug fixes and performance improvements."
Terrible app
It's good and fun to play
It is the worst
Easy to use works great.
It's awesome not problem at all
All good easy to use.
Google. com
I'll let you know
User-friendly app!
Much better since the updates
Brilliant app with the google home
Why can't I make calls with it?
Most amazing product !
Amazing new voices!
Great and easy to use!
Works pretty well now
I love everything Google
Maybe a private sound mode
Really nice I like it
Absolutely the BEST casting App
Everyone loves our assistant
Nice app I liked it
Love my Goole home
This is always working great
So good I like
It a good app i love it
Wow but connectivity hevyhard
Good for a kitchen radio only
This app is very helpful
I want used this i love it
Does it work for phone to tabalet
Thankfully appreciate your support
So far so good
I think its great
Thanks
I'm still exploring it.
Works great,love it!
Magnificent just magnificent.
Love it just simple as that.
Nothing
It's useful and amazing
Greatest helping site .
It's a great app
Very nice app.
It's great!
LOVE IT!
Lots of fun!
Worka good. Recommended.
Really nice !
So practical!
Works
Wow
Very good app
Google is a cool app
Work good with cromecast
Nice supporting App
Very good information
Needs to be improved a lot
Love my google
It was very helpful
Very useful app
Easy and powerful appl
It is nice app
Well done Google
It is good app
Good easy to understand
Pretty good ok
Super good app
Keep the good work
Nice and user friendly
Wow good apps
Nice one
Great experience
Love Google
Awesome awesome awesome!
Ok
Like
No
Goodan
ok
Excelente
Ok
Hloo
Ok
Sophiazavala
Super
Tareee
Algdz
Uhhhhh
Thanks
Nyccc
Hai
Sucks
Ok
Thank
Tu
Yea
Gr8t
b'\xe0\xa6\xac\xe0\xa7\x81\xe0\xa6\x9c\xe0\xa6\xbf\xe0\xa6\xa8\xe0\xa6\xbe\xe0\xa6\x87'
I love it.
It's fine.
Good app
b'????????'
b'AWESOME!!!??'
Love it!
Love it!
Awesome!
Wonderful!
Rubbish
...it's getting better...
b'??'
b'??'
Love it!!!
b'??'
b'??'
Love ittt
Works great
I loved it
Very good
Awesome app
Super Sweet
Good good
Good apps
Very good
It is good
Amazon is better
I love it
Works fine
Super smart
It is good
Useful app
Absolutely love it
Very good
Fabulous app
So cool
Useful and cashback
b'It is a good app ??????????????????'
I love it
Cool stuff
Nice gadget
It was great
Nice app
Love this app
I love it
Nice app
Easy to use
Great start
Great app
Awesome sauce
Very helpful
Great App
Useful app
Great app
Nice app
Good app
Its cool
Easy to setup
Its cool
Excellent sound
I love it
Very good
Enjoying it for now
Best app
Very Nice
Great app
So cool
Great app
Bad ass
Amazing
Nice
Ugh
Junk
Trash
Stinks
Nice.....
NICEE!!!!!!
Great
GOOD
Good
Love it
Love it
Good
Great
b'????'
Cool
Nice
Love it
Loved it
Amazing
Useful
Nice
Nice
Good
Great
Cool
Luv it
Great
Amazing
Cool
Good
Excellent
Love it
Love it
Great
Nice
Great
Good
Great
Nice
brilliant
good
Neat
Cool
Love it
Great
Kool
Amazing
Cool
Love it
Nice
Awesome
Good
Cool
Good
Good
Great
Good
Good
Love it
Good
Lovely
tasty
Good
Good
Love it
nice
Great
Good
Good
Cool
Love it
Good
Good
Awesome
Awesome
Gooooooooooooooooooooood
Loved it
good
b"It is gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????i will keep on using it until I'm old??"
Thanks for giving me the wonderful experience I obtain from using Google Assistant. I have a couple of suggestions, though, for enriching the experience even more. Currently, the app allows users to select one of several voices until manually changed. It would be cool (I think) to make it possible for users to select two or more of the voices to randomly respond to commands. I think it would be cool, too, to permit a user to solve a problem by pursuing a discussion with two or more voices at a time offering alternative or competing answers as appropriate. Keep up the good work.
b"I like the app and I have a Google home mini myself. Coming from Canada I am still waiting for routines to come out. It has been rumored for a while. I also think you should update the software to allow us to control more devices such as gaming consoles like Xbox's and or other TV brands. I also don't like the fact that I can not change the sound of the alarm to music or a different sound, I am still waiting for that to come. Other than that I love the app and the Google home mini itself, still waiting for those new features to come ??"
You're forced to login to the app to setup your chromecast. More of google invading people's privacy. All I need is a simple app to setup the chromecasts. (I have 4) Given the changes to google I will be looking for an alternative when the next one dies. I have had to replace 2 so far and will not be replacing anymore when these die. Considering raspberry pi's, about the same price, more private, and allot more powerful. Plus after the newer updates having constant issues getting connected and staying connected.
This app is nice. Easy to use. It has had NUMEROUS updates, and yet we are still stuck wth such a limited number of voices to choose from. What gives! How about a few with accents? Perhaps Aussie, Brit, or Irish just to name a few? It can't be that hard. Perhaps something to consider on your next update please?
This is my second GHA and is new. The first I returned thinking it was fault. Problem. When I successfully connect to my WiFi I meet the private policy page which has NEXT at the bottom instead of SIGN IN. Click and I get a blank page which buffers forever. So, no shopping list, home controls etc. Plays Spotify, but with good Bluetooth speakers I could achieve this. Answeres questions well. Have I spent a lot of money for very little?
Only half the stuff works. I have an older samsung phone and I cant set anything. Wil not let me into voice control, more settings, calander etc the app is basically useless if you own an old phone. My phone works fine so I'm not upgrading it just to get it to work. Some of us don't have millions of dollars to buy a new phone every year. Make it work with older phones. It was working when the app was first released now since an upgrade it will not let you do anything. I wasted my money on a Google home that I can't even use probably.
I'm serious about my smart home tech (toys) and Google Home is the centre of that and my controller of choice. However, I'm frustrated by the lack of support for group commands (outside of the US) Everytime I leave, go to bed, get up or come back home, I have to issue commands 1 or 2 at a time. This really needs action to make Google Home a real smart home controller.
Still not what it could be. It seems that people in the USA have the ability to set music as an alarm but, here in the UK, we can't even change the alarm sound. I'm grateful for the ability to make phone calls on Google Home, but why can't we set a UK landline number as the source number? This kind of problem is evidently well known to Google but it makes no comment on any plans to fix it.
Amazon Firestick and Roku are WAAAAYYY better. At least you can stream Netflix/Hulu/Amazon video etc... The video quality is poor though. Best off investing in an Amazon Firestick. I'm surprised daily with what it's capable of. I'm a little pissed that Google stopped being a partner though.....
I would like to see better nest integration with the smart display. I want to be able to talk to the doorbell from the display. I wish the display had tiles on the home screen to access things like the thermostat, lights, cameras via touch, it can be frustrating to speak these commands ever time. I image the display to be the control center of the smart home.
Why does this app import scenes from my Phillips Hue and Nanoleaf lights and classify them as devices? I have about 100 "devices", which are actually just different scenes for each light bulb. This is an awful design decision.
Love casting my phone screen! Edit: Thank you so much for the update! I can finally use this app since it doesn't crash anymore :D One thing however is that if I screen cast once, I have to restart my phone in order to screen cast again.
Won't let me access my Google Home speaker settings no matter how many times I try to set it up. Very inconsistent (Chromecast device works fine). Seems Google's Q/A department is sorely lacking. Lackluster customer support too.
Google Chromecast sucks, do not waste your money on it. It won't stop rebooting. I followed the procedures and it's still rebooting all the time. Reboots more than 10 times while I'm trying to watch a movie.
The app worked fine and it suddenly stopped casting. I've updated the app and I get the same results. It says there was a problem casting even if everything is working fine. I loved using this feature but if it won't work it's a waste. It doesn't work on my device or my girlfriends device. I hope they fix this soon or firestick will be the way to go
So much for being innovative, Your app requires an update for my Chromecast to work, yet it shows nothing of the sorts in the Playstore. I've been trying to connect this thing for about a year now and the problem still hasn't been solved, I will give it a better rating the minute this is solved. Thanks for your time, best regards.
Can someone explain why when I try to use the Mirror Screen option my TV only puts out audio? I can here the dialogue but it's just a black screen on my television. I tried troubleshooting it through your website and got no where!
Casting audio or video to my many Chromecasts used to work flawless. Now it hardly ever works. I have to go through full reset and set up. Chromecast has become useless, hopefully they fix these problems in an update
As other users are finding, since last update cast can't fnd the device or drops the connection to the net every few minutes. Tried rebooting but it won't do that either. Constantly crashes.
I was really excited about the scheduled routines, but I can hardly ever get them to work. I've overslept a number of times when my morning scheduled routine failed to run. After I get it working it stays working, but if I edit the start time it's hopeless.
Well right now I'm troubleshooting to get YouTube TV voice commands back and functional and the Guru's @ The Google Bat-Cave tell me to install this app to shore up any and all available resources. Commissioner Gordon and Cat Woman are stranding by in Mountain View, Ca. ( Google Headquarters) to test "Ok, Google" voice training commands. I assure you that this is no riddle but a potential "cat"-astrophic blunder, by boy-wonder himself! Stay tuned to the next chapter of capturing You-Tube TV voice commands via GOOGLE Home App.... Reporting "LIVE"...now from Mountain View, Ca. at You-Tube Bat-Command Central!
Everything is ok but when I connecting with mobile data I can't select Video resolution , it automatically consuming high data.. Please give an option to select Video resolution 480p or 720p or 1080p as I have my mobile data remaining I can select just like Hotstar or YouTube
The casting from a pixel XL 2 is great, right until the screen turns off, and it forgets that it is casting. Can't access the previously linked device, and can't access or control the playlist. Specific reason we got this, and it can't stay connected. When it works smoothly, its good.
Kind of useless as a standalone app. I wanted it to be able to see my shopping lists since the Assistant no longer stores them in Google Keep, but I can't see the services option.
The regular Chromecast claims it only requires a "wifi" connection to use. The Chromecast ultra is the Only device that specified it requires "wifi with Internet" to use for 4k ultra HD tv's. The Chromecast does not work without internet on a "wifi" network and that is "FALSE ADVERTISING" and totally misleading. I am now stuck with a device that doesn't function as stated on the box or any paperwork that was included in the packaging. Not all people have internet, and some have " wifi only" networks.
Can't get any of my devices to work with the Google app, on both my phone's the add device button disappears after a second and is gone until I delete and reload the app then disappears right away again. Save yourself some trouble and get Alexa, so much easier to use and just works.
App was good until latest update - now my Chromecast Built-In device no longer shows, and it has removed itself from my "Home Audio" group of 3 different Chromecast devices. I can cast to the device independently, but the latest update has broken the grouping feature and now has angered me beyond consolation. Thanks for nothing, I should have bought an overpriced sonos.
I have submitted issues I've had with this app 3 times and I've had no reply. I can no longer cast to my Google device from my app, I've tried all the advice to get this to work again but nothing is working and despite my feedback asking for assistance 3 times I've had no help and will delete the app and get rid of the device now.
Device goes unresponsive in 3 days. Everytime says some issues try later. Second apps related to India should be more and more connectivity is required for Indian Subcontinent. Unresponsive Issue is Quiet a Issue
I used to love casting onto my TVs. I'm not sure if there was an update that changed everything, but I have not been able to cast to any of my TVs in about 2 weeks. When it works, I love it. Right now, I'm a bit disappointed. I've tried rebooting, uninstalling, re-installing, and rebooting my home WIFI to no avail.
The old chromecast app didn't require all this. I'm literally downloading this just to change my chromecast name, then uninstalling again. I dont need all the extras *snip* you're forcing on users who want to stay minimal. Had an original Roku, got the chromecast for a,secondary tv. Just bought another Roku based solely on now needing Google Home for simple chromecast use. Chromecast Will go on a 3rd TV now since its rarely used.
Overall, love Google Home! The only thing I wish Google would do is allow routines and scheduling outside of USA. I would love to have my playlists be programmed to play at specific times automagically!
Thank you the app is working now and it will turn on DirecTV but it will work even better if it will turn off DirecTV but one thing at a time right!! but I will change my rating and give you five star if it works and continue to work with no problems!!!..
Used to work before s7 edge got oreo update now wont connect to my ohone and yes reset chromecast and spent an hour on the phone to my internet provider and my router and wi fi fine.yet chromecast works fine on a tablet with nougat. Have done all that the useless help pages suggest.so its definately a oreo update issue.im gonma gube up on google and android and go over to apple products.maybe they will provide a better service.
I bought a new tablet & second Chromecast for my parents house. The old tablet, running the old app worked seamlessly. This new app is pointless and I regret resetting my old tablet. Now I have 2 Chromecast that are only fit for the bin. Please does anyone know a decent casting app??
The app crashes on open on Galaxy S9+. Cleared cache/data, uninstalled/reinstalled. No change - still keeps crashing on open.
I've had a really bad experience with my Chromecast Ultra and the Home app. It constantly disconnects and after it does it my Google Pixel can no longer discover the device at all. I've tried everything, including multiple router workarounds to try to keep the connection up. Only solution I've found is a factory reset, which is no solution at all. What really gets me though is that this issue is expressed by Chromecast users all over the Internet, dating back to its introduction years ago, and no one has any single solution for it. Not even Google. This is something that should be fixed with a simple firmware update, yet the problem persists. Roku, Fire TV, nor Apple TV have these problems. I will be purchasing a Roku soon, and when I purchase smart home devices they will otherwise be Amazon, which is disappointing because I hate Amazon for being terrible to their employees.
You recently made a change to the Ambient mode, by taking away the option to mix together at random, personal photos and art gallery content. Now it seems it can only be one or the other. Why would you down grade it like that ? Very disappointed. One star till you change it back :(
The new ambient settings SUCK! There is no way to prevent art gallery pics from displaying. I want to see ONLY the personal pics from my select album. The old backdrop settings accomplished this, ambient settings do not. I recomend fixing this issue.
My first gen Chromecast had setup custom Google photo album is being ignored due to some change in a recent update. I just want to turn off all backdrop photos and stop wasting my download data. You MORONS have f**ked up my setup so now I have to leave device unplugged when using TV.
1. It would be more helpful if it can play YOUTUBE (audio) directly without chrome cast or tv, 2. It's really hard to control it during playing loud songs.. 3. Offline Reminder set would be another important feature.. rest of the things are ok..
As others have said, literally hit or miss. Sometimes none of my devices show up (or most of the time that is, recently at least)
I used it to watch Netflick and Amazon tv from my mobile to my TV. Used to work great but last few months the service has gone downhill. Netflix still works but slower to connect. Amazon does not work at all
Needs new update. Not able to screencast theres still more bugs that need fixing. Other than that iv never had an issue with the chromecast until now.
There are a lot of things but two biggest for me are: 1. Inability within the app to set the scenes by room. 2. Home still not able to make calls in Australia, which is a one of the most useful feature to have.
Would be a 5 out of 5, but since they haven't rolled out continued conversion on the google home mini, I'd have to give it a 3, on the other google home variants they give you that option under your preferences, but not on the mini, it gets really old really fast when you have to say "hey google" between questions, I can't ask for the time and then the weather without saying hey google between questions.
"there was a problem connecting to..." With both my Android phone and my Android tablet. Seems Google quality has gone down as their marxist political correctness goes up. Too busy fighting culture wars amongst employees.
Havent been using Google Home long. Still waiting to buy your Home device. Waiting to afford an inexpensive model. Too pricey at this time. Dont you have discount / sales?
I now have 2 Google chrome casts that don't work. Laggy and sticky and a complete waste of time.
To the people that wants music to wake you up with your Google home here is how to do it say hey Google set alarm for what ever time you want then say name or band then GH will confirm
Just another ok idea with, at best, haphazard execution. Its becoming more and more obvious that these really are the Impotent Plutocrat Psycopaths Running the country that was supposed to be ours.
It was working fine but then I updated it and it no longer Casta to my smart tv. It seems to not be able to find it when I to connect them. This really sucks. I'm uninstalling this app.
Requires location to set up hardware. Typical behaviour of Google, use their stuff and you are 100% transparent. If you decline or take things into your own hand, nothing will work.
No longer supports Google News as backdrop for Chrome Casts since the "backdrop" feature was turned into an "ambient" feature. Google again managed to destroy a very useful feature in no time, great job....<\sarcasm>
After updating to Pie, I can no longer use Chrome Cast with my Pixel phone. Also, in-app Cast icons have all disappeared. A Google phone no longer works with Google cast. Not happy.
Casting cbs all access from moto e5 plus to google chromecast 4k puts advertisements on casted media, i dont know who is to blame for this so i put this review on cbs app as well
All I need my Google home to do is play music from Pandora and it can't even do that properly and always glitches. Very disappointing. I've even reboot it, and reset it and setting it up all over again. No change.
When I cast my mobile on screen using Google home app and play a video(downloaded) it doesn't plays smoothly. It hangs in between. Please fix this issue through update.,
I love the simplicity of the idea, but can't believe in 2018 still can't connect to hotel/dorm WiFi. My Roku stick and Amazon Fire Stick has had this facility since day one, pull your finger out Google! Also, since a recent update it will no longer only show photos from my albums, instead insisting on showing 'artists' photos as well. When trying to turn this off it instead turns off my own photos altogether, needs fixing.
At the beginning everything work perfect but after every update the app doesn't work properly now I can't mirror my phone or watch movies or listen music, I uninstalled the app and installed again 3 times I restarted, rebooted and nothing
Cool app! I recently start using the chromecast for the first time and I love it. The only suggestions I wish to offer is please make the seek bar larger (slide to fast forward for video streaming). The other wish list are videos queue and resuming. Thanks
It nice, but half of the time I can't set up my Google home properly as it gets stuck on a loading screen. As a result, my Google home is malfunctioning.
2 months nearly now - and still cant connect to all chromecasts in the house or manage them without fa they rebooting every 5 minutes. Utterly broken.
Don't get me wrong. The device is great, and the app very helpful and user friendly. But I want to be able to control my smart tv's without a chromecast. So, You have 2 or 3 wifi capable tv's at home that on their own are capable of doing what a chromecast do on other tv's. Why you cant let us have the choice to use or control our tv with our google home. Common. We need this people.
It's stopped giving me travel time to work it was my most used feature. It's just now working which is really sad
Google home/chromecast allows me to watch my Pico projector outside with just my mobile hotspot/screen mirror and it takes virtually no data. I can watch all month and not even half a gig comes off
This was a great app for setting up and controlling all of my Google devices until it stopped working tonight. Now all it does is crash every time I open it.
Ok so just updated my phones os to most recent patch and since then I haven't been able to connect to chromecast am I the only one with this issue recently? Otherwise love the app and will recommend when this is fixed :D
When I click "music" under "Google assistant settings" to link my Spotify account nothing happens! I try selecting other options like "home control" "shopping list" or "voice control" and there is no function. Is it the type of tablet I'm using? I had previously set it up successfully on my phone. Help!
This app doesn't cast local content from your device Requires separate Wi-Fi to be connected always, apart from the device over Wi-Fi. It means 1 device to cast and other for Wi-Fi hotspot if you don't have Wi-Fi @your home
b"Can't understand why I've subscribed to apps so they can be used with my Google Home mini and then it won't let me link it to them even though the app has the means to link g hem but when I press link nothing happens ???? very very disappointed"
Trying to set up bedtime routines but keeps giving me the message saying "unable to put phone on silent from Google home," I don't know what to do please help.
Well google services has recently been updated and since this update i have not been able to cast my mobile screen to tv. Thanks google way to make a google product useless.
Constant disruptions and google unhelpful. "I'm sorry I dont know how to answer that but I'm learning"
I enjoy the app but, it needs more options for app access suck as Spotify, Amazon Video, Amazon Music. Sometimes lacks ease of connection. It could be my WiFi. Overall, good.
I'm using a Google pixel 2 XL. Currently I can't use the app to create groups or control my Google home devices. This is supremely upsetting because these devices worked flawlessly before I moved. When I plug in the devices at my new home none of them connected anymore so I had to restart all of them. After factory resetting all of them I went to set them up in the app again not only do the setup process seem very buggy but it also didn't finish the setup properly. Once the setup was finished the app showed the device I had just set up as being ready to set up as well as being linked. At this point I refresh the app multiple times and found that the setup device portion had gone away and that the device has now been linked. At this point I clicked on the device that had been linked the trouble is the only option I had was to unlink it none of the control options were there. This needs to be fixed ASAP so I can have full use of my devices.
Very poorly written software very hard to install links to Chromecast. Go for Amazon Echo better deal
Unnamed to delete a Google Home device which got set up in error. It shows under home control as living room speaker and honestly don't like it
Really bad hardware and app. Doesnt connect half the time. If I have to jump through hoops to play music on my speakers then I might as well use Bluetooth.
I contacted the cast to my tv and my phone, everything was going well. But once I started casting the TV screen was pink and there was no sound. I rest the device 3 time unplugged it and I still have a pink screen and no sound. I even tried other hdmi ports
Recent update changing "Backdrop" to "Ambient Mode" has removed features and hobbled my Chromecast Ultra. I would go back to an earlier version of the app if I could.
It's back to being reliable. When used in tandem with VLC this makes a simple and reliable to use means of presentation. I'm glad they fixed the good account error
The app is really awesome my Google did a lot for me and it answered a lot of questions that I had not all but most of them it's much easier to set alarms but one suggestion is can you please add this music provider called SoundCloud it's a really awesome music provider and I'm sure you guys would really like them and one question I have is how can you update a Google home I've been trying to find out how to update it but I just cannot figure it out so can you please tell me because I would really like to text on it and I put the rating down to one star because can you please make the app convertible to open source wifi and wifi that you have to sign in to i like bringing my dad's Chromecast on our camping trips but I can never use it because open source wifi is not supported
My Chromecast stopped working. I have tried re-connecting it plenty of times using tgis app but it won't work.
It was great up until a few days ago when it stopped connecting to my devices. Now it can't and won't find any of my chromecasts or smart lights. I have to restart my phone for these devices to be recognized.
You cannot disable location history without the app becoming useless. Google, didnt you watch the zucherbergh congress hearing?
Biased service as it commits the best to USA. Google pleases value everyone's money, don't sell your product to a region where you cannot move over the same kind of services compared to USA.
Useless, wants me to update and to do so log in, Im allready logged in & theres no other option! I only want to run official apps so looks like its a refund for the chromecast and an uninstall for this app. Useless.
I have three GH minus. They act personally but are almost useless for home automation remote control. Google is so intent on their artificial intelligence brag that it runs home automation control precision. Guessing will not do it. If I ask it to turn something on and it doesn't hear correctly, it will guess and turn on closest sounding names device. If I turn off a colour lamp in my bedroom it assumes all devices with lamp in the name are wanted and turns off eight devices. Guessing what I said is not AI. It's a detriment to home automation. I use my 6 Alexa boxes and ignore my three GH minis now. Google support has no idea how to help my interface to my ISY HA controller. They were constantly playing with the security and my GH devices will not show connected anymore despite many many factory resets and reinstalls. Strangely enough GH always knows if I make any changes and stills works despite whining it cannot connect. Google's AI never let's any information go so no matter how many different accounts I tried it assumes the same errors and you can't correct them. Support got stupid and couldn't help after months waiting for an answer.
The thing doesn't work. Just hook up something with a HDMI cord because this will be a big wasted of your time. Use your phone as a phone and a computer as a computer. It won't work with YouTube or Twitch and only the mirroring feature works sometimes. If it works you will have a blurry experience. Sometimes you have video but no audio.
This update made my Chromecast keeps displaying photos. There is no option to switch to news. I am not interested in photos viewing. I want the news back!!!!
Every time I use it with my jbl with google its alway say it was a glitch try again in few sec pls fix or send me email
Good, but 2 major hangups. You can't cast Amazon Prime and you have to be connected to the internet to use the Chromecast. Come on Google, I expected more from you.
Looks like Google optimised for mainly YouTube.. I have trouble playing content on other websites..
Somewhat improved and about time. Considering I've owned my Chromecast for at least a couple of years it's good that they finally started getting it working, but even now, sometimes it can't find Chromecast even though they connected to the same network
Rubbish. Dosent work. Wont connect. Using Galaxy S7 and Android 8.0
The app is awesome! I wish I had the mini speaker. Great job Google, you are making lives a lot easier. I can get my tasks done faster! Thank you Google.
Update caused it to stop working. No longer shiws smart home devices and I can't cast to google home mini
Doesn't work well with my Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro..can't cast screen nor can i mirror my phone screen.. Fire stick And Roku work without any probs.. Google correct this..
"Google home" but if you dont buy there products....you cant use there apps....how childish. It will not connect to roku...
I have a Chromecast device and now the app won't connect with my device and I can't use it at all. The update is terrible. So frustrated.
Godawful update. Opens two or three songs but doesn't cast anything to TV like it used to. Why do updates always make things worse?
when did you solve problem the Samsung device don't connect to Chromecast until we make restart to device. try it for all sam device
Why are the USA and Canada getting different voices and continuous conversations while other countries are stuck with bug fixes?
Has so much potential, typical of Google "child like" they get bored and throw the potentially good toy away.
When can we stop saying "hey Google" to continue a conversation? Explore doesn't work in landscape view, why can't we set Tidal as default music player? Even "play a song on Tidal" doesn't work
Do not waste your money. Very much complicated setup. Too much difficult to connect.
I have 2 google mini units , performance is frustrating at best, I keep waiting for updates to make a difference but no performance improvement. Disappointing Google!!!!!
I like it, recently added SmartThings and loving the integration, I don't find the UI particularly appealing but otherwise no issues
The Bluetooth connectivity is horrible and has been horrible for a while. It's disgusting that there hasn't been a fix for this issue.
So a lot of the features don't work in the UK. Come on Google no wonder Alexa out sells you in the UK.
I constantly have a notification icon showing I'm connected when I'm not. When you view the notification bar is says "Cast device not connected".
Connecting to the Chromecast is such a headache. Not simple and always loses connection, resetting doesn't work either. Wish I got a firestick
Often doesn't work, extremely frustrating experience. Frequently doesn't register my chromecast and requires to close all apps and reboot. Not good enough.
An absolute nightmare. The text entry fields are even bugged and blocked by the default Android keyboard!
The app is a peice of s**t and the chromcast itself is a peice of s**i constantly losing connection constanly lagging help centre tells you to hard reset by turning power off waiting and turning back on but it doesnt help entirely its a 50/50 thing, also the chromecast itself requires an hdmi extender (more money spent) in order to recieve full signal otherwise the device is blocked by your tv do not buy chromecast and i will not recomment to friends or family.... not happy at all that google can produce such pathetic technology with basic design flaws and terrible connectivity - utter waste of money
This app is pointless. Does nothing. Needs update to make it work. Expect better off GOOGLE. ?????.
Love my Chromecast! Setup is easy enough with this app. Setting up multiples can be a bit annoying though.
Love this app. I am deducting 1 star because my new Lenovo smart display can't be added to a group in the app. Please fix!
Until Google make their feature releases global rather than US only I can't give it any higher.
bought chromecast ro screen mirror / smart view and without wifi it is useless. total rubbish!
All of a sudden, my app wont let me cast. No matter how many times I deleted it and re download over and over and over and OVER AGAIN!!! IM PISSED!!!
Can you please fix the volume so it doesn't start playing at maximum level when casting? Way to wake up the neighbours.
Like others have reported, it no longer has the ability to find a device when casting. Used to be handy but now no longer.
I keeps saying check your connection and try again no matter what I try and all I want to do is get it to recognise my voice
Fantastic. Always improving! But people outside the US seem like second class citizens in terms of updates.
Can't find and connect devices half the time, but at least it has another useless feed of content I don't want...
Can't sync my spotfiy account I've tried multiple times it says sync then it takes me to some white blank page and stays like that forever
This isn't a review of the Google home just Android p and the new pixel, stop making iPhones and calling them pixels. If I want an iPhone I know where to find them
Everytime it gets updated, my phone wont connect to chromecast. S9 plus. Garbage app
Got a new phone with the same chrome cast app. Unable to connect to chromecast. Such a failure. Junk now.
User interface is not friendly. They should have made audio playable either by TV or my mobile just like the way we have in HDMI option.
b'I m tired this product and app not connected all time I have to spend lots of time but does not connected many time????????'
What a piece of s.#t! Stop working can no longer mirror your phone f#%k you google , a brunch b.s artist and thieves
Home feed is full of useless articles that have nothing to do with me. Devices menu is clunky and difficult to use. Gets worse with every update.
Some of the previous version's features like adding supported 3rd party accounts are missing and they didn't make an option on placing it back.
99% of google apps have hidden unauthorized apps and this is by far the worst.if you live in a apartment or have neighbors close to you they can use your hot spot and hack your device its only a matter of time until the government come knocking on Google door the same way they did Facebook.DO NOT DOWNLOAD!
Worst user experience of any Google product. Not user friendly at all
PS asking to restart the app I re downloaded it multiple times with no use I'm trying to set up my new Chromecast but guess it was a waste of money
Why can't I get something simple done on my phone, you must employ a vast amount of imbecils, whose main job is just to frustrate and annoy customers. All I want is to download an app, god knows why I need one, to get a Google product working! What planet are they from. Oh, I forgot, they are from imbecilly, a nerdy place for people with no friends.
Have not been able to start our google mini. Instructions followed with no success!
Constantly need to re-setup chromecasts and chromecast ultra is plugged into ethernet but still needs to be connected to wifi which doesnt work.
This app is retarded. "You need an update." Go to update. "You're running the latest version." You Google people are idiots.
Works awesome but lost the news feeds after last up date. Just picturesPlease ed ass fix this issue!
I think it's weird that iOS gets prioritization over Android and that on an Android specific feature like widgets, iOS is the first one to get a widget for Google home and not Google's own OS.
I constantly have to reboot. It keeps dropping the signal. It may be my modem though. IDK.
Latest update causes shows to restart instead of rewinding or fast forwarding. Used to work awesome...now its a pain
I cannot link it to my media player I use google play music and it's not syncing. I've sent reports for help and have received nothing back. Very disappointing
It's good, but it not support make call from google mini. If provide this fecililty it will be very helpful to all.
It is hard to believe that this is the official app for Chromecast built-in. It so buggy, it constanly loses its proper state, shows phantom unnamed devices, etc. After a long painful setup process Chromecast built-in setup "finishes" sometimes, but even then it still does not render a usable device to cast to.
The latest updates really messed up the app and my Chromecast.
Back to back updates which took forever but otherwise good service.
Nowhere does this say you have to have access to wifi. I was told to get this because it does not require wifi connection.!!!! What a Rip Off!!!!
Horrible app will not connect to my WiFi. Chromecast is found and connected to my WiFi but will not connect to the app on my tablet.
Thank tou Google for an amazing app and product (chromecast) so much fan converting any tv in the hose to a smart tv!
Since upgrading to Android Pie this does not work with my Google mini
Facing lots of difficulties in setup Can make more user-friendly and easy setup This is third times i am facing same problem
Sucks, the volume keeps cutting off after casting to my for a few minutes. I have to disconnect and connect again to have audio
Prefer the original chromecast app over Google home can you please add a locking system to the chromecast so people on the same network as me can't connect or control my device without entering a code or password
Why are we no longer able to display Facebook photos?
very mediocre functionality if you don't want to connect your phone to it.
Keeps crashing..have to kee resetting..very annoying overrated mirroring device..a total ripoff.
Rutines Stop working does not execute the specified commands at a specific time and time.
i can found my wifi worst cast ever it connect only one time and now it can not found it Worst
I bought a Google home, and the app never found it. I am severely disappointed.
The new update has major improvements where I no longer experience buffering or lag. All features are working as it should. Thank you for the fix.
This is just a really unintuitive app to use, disappointed in Google on this one.
I need to learn more about the capabilities. But overall I think it's a great tool to have. Can't wait to become more knowledgeable about the ins-and-outs of Google home Mini. I currently have 3 in my home that are greatly under utilize.
It tells me to update to use the app but no update is available
I can't use my Chromecast with my Samsung galaxy s9 so not am left with a device that is useless and been a waist of money as I don't have any other device to use with it
Very bad product of google. When the device sleep mode wifi connection break everytime. Device need again setup wifi.
Cant access any settings on my Samsung S3, fine on all my other new Samsungs phones, please fix
Hey google. When i try to give permission for my google assist to control calender and stuff through. The "allow" button doesnt do anything. I cant go into more settings of my google assistant as well.
It works great, but routines and other features were release months ago, and I still don't have them.
Latest update broke the app on Samsung S6. Android V. 6.0.1
Buggy...all home control and settings and other others do nothing.
Keeps crashing. Deleted cache. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Only happens when it begins searching for chromecast.
How about making it so when you can use Chromecast without internet. Direct streaming
Used for 5 minutes and already had experiences with three bugs and the app just doesn't seem to work.
Voice command works for some of my lights but not all of my lights contacted the light company and they say it is on your end
b'\xc4\xb0nterface does not give you a space to control you cast device where a lot of disconnections occur.'
Be a chrome cast so handy and the best thing is u can turn off your phone and u can even go on other apps and it doesn't effect it love it
After updating the chrome cast update it's disconnected many times
Nice app to control ur chromecast, but one major app it is missing out and that is the amazon prime video app, just like netflix it should also have prime video cast option.
Glitches with every update. So inconsistent with when you can cast
Google's HOME app is a joke, it never works
takes way to long to connect and doesn't work most of the time
this app is useless, it wont let me change from the home screen too any of the other menus, its terrible companion too a marvellous machine
All it does is freeze up, doesn't proceed to the next step.
Whenever I try to link to Spotify I receive a 500 error. Help would be appreciated
Well you see my dog raped my Google assistant and she's a furry now.
Works great on your own horne network, but try to use one at work, or with a WiFi that requires a login, or even one that has AP protocols off to protect the probate users, and it can't do it, but Alexa can
Its always crash especially when I go to mirror option.Help me fix this please.
I love it if you hate it your are haters get app if you have a Google device
Half of the menu options have stopped working, making the app almost useless.
Latest update has stopped the app from finding the chromecast device, please fix
b'I have a Google Home Mini but does not have any phone calls to it? Nor does she sing for me!!!????????????'
Alexa allows to call between home devices (broadcast feature is garbage on Google home), Alexa also allows you to set up custom commands without using third-party apps, and many other features. In addition, please add a Dark Theme!!!!!
So much delays. My WiFi is running fine.
You couldn't use Chromecast audio with phone that is hotspot. Just a shame
Is not compatible with old chromecast, hit or miss
App can't be started, claims an update is needed after setup but none is available from the Play Store
it is bad and slow. chromecast and home is the worst combination.
"Wi-Fi may require you to login. This feature is not supported"
Dont know but stoped working with oakter smart home devices....alexa seems to be better as compare to google
Great app, I use it for my Google Home Mini. Only issue is that it keeps opening up my browser and opening Google when I try to use the app, and I can barely do anything as it gets in the way. Can someone help?
The update stuck on 13% for an hour.
Kind of limited. Not a whole lot of functionality. Can basically play music...and that's it. No routines.
A lot of potential. Unreliable, and unable to do a lot of requests, but great for timers.
Changes to the backdrop news omition to ambient mode is a huge step backwards otherwise five star.
needs hd options for youtube. google home is slow. non responsive most times.
Poor...no 3rd party app support only expensive commercial add infested rubbish better off having this disabled, as cast works OK without this
You should introduce more indian news channels zee aaj tak
Mere phone mein meri LED number nahi aa raha nahi device nahi aa raha hai kya iske liye Google Chrome chahiye
No longer working with my galaxy S7 since the oreo update! Cannot mirror my phone anymore!
Les falta integrar el sistema de alerta temprana en caso de catstrofes ( terremotos, tsunamis )
Constantly having to factory reset Chromecast and now Google home won't connect.. Alexa here I come!
Says I am connected to it but nothing is mirroring on chromecast...tried all options I could find rebooting factory reset etc. Still no luck!
New ambient setting should allow you to use Facebook and Google photo albums simultaneously. Backdrop setting used to allow this
Crash chomecast and all connected devices. .. Not able to connect to chomecast
Can't currently cast to connected devices
This is total junk do not buy
Its good app but we need lot of other app to integrate for example ro use my roku i have to download some third party app to gin access
Flat UI but not very clear. Good functions but I hope in a future you'll can manage your house like the lights or temperature.
Frequently crashes and has connectivity issues.
The app us really good but sometimes gives me a problem to connect
Works well until Oreo update on my phone. Now my phone cannot detect the chromecast. But my tablet and other phone with lower version on Android was able to find the chromecast. Please fix.
It was IMPOSSIBLE to set up my COMCAST ! ! ! PLEASE SEND ME BETTER INSTRUCTIONS '
Very bad app. Not intuitive and has bugs
Terrible, awful casting feature. Unintuitive and thoughtless
Control home picks up certain devices when it feels like it, definitely not the future.
Indians are no where as US. Atleast a basic call feature.
I dont have home control on the app can you help
Not working. Stuck on my account.
No option to use YouTube music as default music provider. Add support for your own service.
Just Awesome but one issue I have multiple devices and on one of my phone, the routines option is available but on some don't how is that?
Not connected chromecast to s9plus plz give me suggestion
How can the iPad app be better than the Google one? It's got routines! Sort your devs out please Google
After using 1 gb data in a day, speed very slow. Even though i have per month plan for data.
Stopped working. Force closes. Unable to use now.
Kindly update amazon prime app in chromecast...rest all is good..gr8 work
Cannot see my Shopping List?
Google apps are so cool and useful in daily life this app also great
For tv setup its asking foran update to app that doesn't seem to exist
Every time we ask google to play a vid from yt it is casting on tv
Absolutely shocking loading times trying to connect to my chrome cast after changing my internet provider.
Can't connect to anything except YouTube! No Netflix no spotify not even home can find it. POS
Den nya versionen 1.32.124602 gr att inget fungerar lngre. Testat allt men omjligt att f mina chromecast att fungera igen.
I use this app for my chrome cast streaming its work fine.
Just learning so am not good for review .
It's okay, but I can't select a default music streaming service, it won't let me enter the music tab
Hello , pls update the app with 'Route audio to device' option it will help a lot..... Pls...........
Very good app, however, it has problems with the last android version.
it would not let me connect my phone to my smart tv
My LG Stylo 4 is now not supported by Chromecast, it was until 3 days ago, unbelievable
Easy to use, fast setup and very good quality of videos in Netflix, YouTube or mirroring the screen with my Moto G5S.
Great for most uses and setups. I would appreciate more advanced control, like scaling video output on Chromecast.
It could be more user friendly and possibly just maybe also allow me to play my music for once.
Just OK not that great response
Unable to pair mini with Bluetooth speaker
Great for my nest thermometer and controlling lights
Only reason i got it was so i could customize my backdrop and you cant even do that with the app
Don't gudge the app if its just like that its very useful and think if this comes to many upgrades its gonna be good
Usual Google we must have your location BS.
Since the most recent update, can not connect to my chromecast
Nice application for some very complicated setups ... nicely done!
Working well again, although I wish we had all features that the US has
Simply does not work to setup Chromecast.
I cannot access Tidal via my Google Home device. Need help
Doesn't work most of the time
Hasn't work properly for awhile now. And google doesn't seem to want to fix it....1 year later still doesn't work.
The was problem was fixed with the screencast amd my chromecast 1st Gen works great
b"I can't get enough of movie night with family and friends. This complete my world ????????????????????"
Old version use to connect to without wifi now doesn't
Latest update have made settings none functional
I love it it works perfectly. Better if you could add more features in different regions. Thanks
Calendar Bug - Always shows couldn't retrieve settings check your connections
This app is great to use for my Google home I thought it was a scam
Today it won't cast to chromecast device. Yesterday was fine. However phone did a software update overnight
b"Well didn't expect this but it was good anyway so????????????????????????\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4??\xe2\x9d\xa4??\xe2\x9d\xa4??\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4????????????????????????????????????"
Great App I def used this for streaming to my tv
Keeps loosing audio every few minutes. Can't use it. Google Pixel 2xl
Currently broken on Android 9
Innovative new features arriving all the time very useful tool
It's great. However the past week I've had to do over a dozen factory resets. :/
1_always show wifi network in display 2_image choose option pure setting
Awesome app for Android makes any t.v. smart.
Been trying to change the voice but there is no access on this app.
Voice changing option is not showing in preferences in settings ,,, help me with changing its voice
I had problem in installation
This is getting me angry
Awesome app. I can easily control my google home speaker with this. Casting is also too good.
You suck eat pants
It closes every the time I open the app
Will not complete setup on my phone just keeps buffering
Was simple now confusion
This app doesn't give me the option to add something to it like my smart light
When connect chromecast show--(Casting screen to _____ has ended)
it is good app for chrome cast tv
I can't download the Google home app from the play store
When it comes to Android or Wireless in general Google is at the head of the pack
Hope Google will add Cantonese language option soon.
Don't see why it would need my location to find my wifi
A bit inconsistent.
Cannot do screen mirroring with chromecast
I want to disable it ...it casts to my tv far to easily when i dont want it too
New update didnt cast my screen mobile cast
Me gustaria que aadan las rutinas en Mxico.
What happened? Can no.longer find a way to download an app eg PLEX onto Chromecast !!???
Kind of basic compared to Apple Home app. where you can control more devices within the app.
Hopefully chromecast works even there's no internet
Love it. Work's with my Chrysler Grand Voyager. Saved me a ton of money to buy a tablet.
Won't allow any app to connect but YouTube
It's not easy to connect......
Why is default audio level at 100% for anything casted with audio?
Won't connect anymore. Please help
I need call option for Bangladesh.
Can't find link to mirror
My home icon is not on my app
The app is not working Please fix it
Wish alarm clock could turn on the lights
Cant find or connect my chromecast
I'm not sure I like this one
Just got the app. Time will tell
I can take anywhere with me hotel room or a friend house yeah how awesome is that...
It does not detect devices
Lo mejor visto en este mundo
This sucks ,casting keep stopping
Want full subcribtion services in Bangladesh
This app change my lifestyle
Thanks For Top Notch Google From Hour's Truly Carol Carlton
Awesome keep it up very happy
Nice app for casting on Android TV but not for all android devices
Call button not Available
Not working in my device
Won't update when needed D
No working on note 8
Subtitles disappeared sometimes
It reboots always
"app update required" - app is updated..
b'\xda\xa9\xd8\xb1\xd9\x85 \xda\xa9\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd9\x88\xd8\xb2 \xd9\x86\xd9\x85\xdb\x8c\xd8\xb4\xd9\x87'
Worst app ever
Totally unstructured and unfriendly
This app is the cats meow
Amazed but what is the name of the app
And audio!!!
It is great, easy to use app that I can quickly connect to my Google home
ASome!!!
Not working at the moment
Won't connect to anything
Wow! That's all!
Won't set up
Could have been better
not successfull properly.
It's superb..
Be lost without it
I am satisfaied
All Google New
egnore new devices
Now my old TV is a smart TV Well done Google
b'I ?? GOOGLE!'
Much improved.
Just keep up the good work an advance onward .
Needs improvement.
Used to work now does not qith this update
Need help setting up Geeni account for lighting
It's awesome
I love it. It just becomes easier!
wow.. thks devs
Good app to configure the casting experience seamlessly.
I love it. It work fine with chrome cast2.
Google home is just perfect in every way.
It's a good thing
I love anything that is powered by Google!! I love google
It's okay
I really liked it for my Google home
It was very easy to use. Download it!
It's okay
Gradually getting better all the time.
Great ap. Use it on a daily basis
Was great, then got Samsung phones.:-(
I live this app it's so cool
I love Google Home Mini.
Best App to use with Google Chromecast
I have used it and found better
It was useful at the time found it ok
This is amazing when competing blutooth speakers
I like it
Zero caliber
Short temper
Subscribe to crazyshooter11
Osm app
Very buggy
I lived
hell yea
It's amazing
Very good
b'??'
Let's work
Connectivity issues
ok goo goo
It's good I like it
So far so good
Love it. Always getting better.
It is handy
Is it needs only smart TV ??
Mast
Love it!
Love it!
It's gotten better
Does exactly what it is supposed to. .
No words.#LOVE LOVE
It's a great app
It's very useful
I'm impressed. Skynet.
Love the mini!
Legit
Good and Useful!
Bezalel
Ok
Looking
love love love you Google..... awesom
Very Nice app
Alexa is better than this
Awesome thank you
Very easy to use
Amazing and very helpful
Excellent app and device
Awesome Good control
This app is great
It is great fun
Google home is the best
I love you
I luv it
Amazing for Chromecasting
Awesome awesome
Amazing App
Oink
Rrr
Okay
Help
Hi
Nicevapp
Super
Nothing
Epic
Super
Hi
Yes
Thankfully
It's awesome
It's good
b'??'
Awesome sauces
Excellent App
Lit fam
Great company
Love It
Good good
Cool app
Its amazing
Best useful
Good app
Good product
So good
Make it work
I love it
Awesome and easy
Excellent.
b'Awesome ??'
Good
Nice
Love it
Amazing
Superb
Love it
Good
Cool
Loved
Awesome
Good
Great
Good
Awsome
Amazing
Excellent
Superb
Good
Great
Love it
fun
Great
Good
Awesome
Good
Best
Easy to setup and even easier to use. I have both a Chromecast and Android TV. Both are loaded and switching between them it's a simple choice when I select the cat option in Hulu or Netflix. Using the app directly I can select either box and cast my phone or tablet screen to the connected TV with ease. Modifying the Chromecast box name can be a bit tricky, but I would hope that would be the case to prevent any accidentally selected.
Great in theory, but the app keeps switching between only seeing my GH Mini or seeing all my other smart home devices. My GH Mini tells me my other devices haven't been set up if I ask it to interact with them in any way. App refuses to acknowledge my GH Mini and other devices all existing at the same time. App looks great, functionality just isn't there. I've read all over the internet that I am not the only Nest user experiencing this issue, unfortunately.
Chromecast is fantastic though it has a lot of unrealized potential. Being able to set photo albums as the screen saver turns the TV into the best photo frame that you can buy. Wouldn't it be great if you could set a search and view the resulting photos one by one? I wouldn't even mind seeing the occasional advert!
Since Cast Screen does not work on my device anymore, I have No Use for this app! If Google doesn't fix soon, I will be deleting the app and I will refrain from buying any Chromecast devices in the future. Planned Obselescence? Poor Product Support? Bad Programming? Whatever it is, It has already wasted TOO MUCH of my Time!
Extremely buggy. Randomly stops playing music or "rain sounds", which we use to soothe our infant baby. As a result our baby keeps waking up in the middle of the night every time it stops. Google support staff was unable to fix this issue after an extensive back and forth. Very frustrating!
I don't like how the ambient mode settings have changed. I would prefer to have multiple sources; i.e. the art gallery/google earth/NASA photo of the day etc. and photos from my personal albums on Facebook. higher star rating if changed back.
I love how this app works. HOWEVER I'm more and more concerned with the fount of data and personal knowledge about me now at googles beck and call. I hope that google will continue to take VERY SERIOUSLY the security surrounding cloud and home or assistant devices. They will be major targets very soon and a great many people have entrusted google with handling this situation in the manner that is required for safety!!
I would love chromecast if it let me hit "next" on each episode. When Netflix asks if "I'm there", after I've tried unsecessfully to hit 'Next' is very frustrating. My wifi doesn't reset; why does Chromecast forget me after each episode?!
When is the rest of the world getting the routines? It's quite ridiculous that USA got them more than 6 months ago but Europe still waiting. How is Apple able to introduce new features worldwide same time but Google takes more than half a year to get same level of service to the world?
No this is a very useless app I have my chromecast device connected and I tried a lot to connect device on this app it keeps telling me no device found. Very frustrating app uninstalling this sang app right now please add a option to add a device without having to scan for devices first thanks.
This app is terrible. Everytime I try to tap on any settings, it doesn't take me anywhere. It worked for about a month, but after a few updates, it barely does anything at all. Using a Samsung Galaxy S9 so my phone shouldn't be an issue. Did it on my S8 as well.
It keeps disconnecting. Every time I want to use it I have to go through the setup procedure. The TV is only 10 ft away from me but it still disconnects. My Wi-Fi is connected and very strong. I don't think I should have to go through this set up procedure every time I want to use this.
Love the app. *BUT* Bought a "dumb" tv bc it was a lot cheaper. And with chromecast, it basically makes it a smart tv. But Only to find out; MY S9+ IS INCOMPATIBLE WITH CHROMECAST SCREEN MIRRORING. My S4 & S6 were compatible and worked awesome.
Cant play my Google play music through the Google Home and Chromecast anymore. Keep getting "Something seems to have gone wrong. When you are ready give it another try". Tried rebooting, factory resets, reinstalls, different WiFi. Nothing works.
I will strongly recommend to add a feature like split sound. Then we can have an option to cast video without casting sound. I want to use it for my hdmi enabled pc led display which can not output the sound..this way i can hear the sound from my phone or headsets or i can share the sound to my bluetooth enabled speakers or home theatre.
Will not allow me to link with my spotify. Cant even click on any of the available additions like setting up voice recognition, etc. The first week it played radio stations for me now doesn't even do that. Bought it so it could play spotify and radio and it doesn't do that so for me it's kind of useless. Disappointed. Tried to Uninstall app and add again but same issues.
Junk. Worked great for two days. No longer plays music or news, but the google home voice says it is. Waste of time and money. Wait for Google to work out bugs, aprox 1-2 years until reliable. Also calendar and alarms are useless, as are reminders.
Feedback: Chrome cast has visible sound lag with bluetooth sound bar connected. The lips and sound doesn't sync properly. Please fix this or let me know a work around.
Google home sucks. Useless can't connect to spotify after the second day. Did ask I the suggested fix but no use am very upset.
Consistency is a mystery. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. When it doesn't there is no way to tell why or to trouble shoot. I love it when it works, but the inconsistency is too damned frustrating. Goodbye Google, hello fire stick.
b"It just won't connect, great when working but lately it's playing up and just won't connect - from app to device. Happy to change star rating if I see improvements, but seriously, for now, thumbs down guys ??"
I don't understand why this app does not have a widget, or a remote? Google has everything else but you can't have a damn widget for the Chromecast? Come on now man
Using it for a while for Chromecast and home automation. I have several home mini devices. Everything is good, except one very annoying issue. When someone say turn on lights assistant turns ALL lights in a WHOLE house instead of only room where home mini located.
I feel left out with the Australian version !! The US webpage offers so much more features. Simple things like setting recurring alarms that play a radio station don't work with the Australian version
Google and Google Home just gets better and better and exceeds my expectations and I am looking forward to doing some more shopping as soon as work pay me. The devices being made are just phenomenal.
It's difficult to navigate. Almost impossible to add a Chromecast. Been working out for 20 minutes still can't find it
Nothing special. It runs off my phones google assistant just like my android auto. It need to do more than "learn" make the box,smarter Google!
Not showing all features. Cannot find "home control"... why?... I'm trying to use it with my "Smart Life" smart outlet and switch. I have followed the procedure. I don't see any reason why it's not there.
It does the job, but the UX is not well designed. Overly complex to do what should be simple tasks, and if you have more than a couple of Google Home or Google Chromecast devices it becomes unwieldy.
I love it! Easy to use Chromecast, GH, GA and my coffee is newly brewed when I wake up. Sometimes little buggy. I am waiting for SWEDISH update then my day is made much easier.
I must say disappointing app. It works fantastic with you tube but not with other apps such as prime which is used more in India. If it doesn't work for all the apps what is the point of buying it for 4k.
It keeps getting worse!! Just this year, google assistant on the google home has gotten much dumber and the speech more robotic. Lots of commands are gone and have been made US only... I'm so disappointed!
b"Love this app and all my connected devices Philip's hue, GH ,GH mini Chrome cast , Philip's tv so simple only gripe would be Americans have all the best features ie routines. Let's get a move on ??"
Doesn't work on my mobile, all I wanted to do was change chromecast to a different network but none of the tutorials show you how and all give same advice of putting the chrome cast device in the network thats the same as or some BS that doesn't help one bit.
Better control over source of information needed, as well as more customization. Horrible left wing bias.
Very annoying lately. I have a Chromecast connected to my TV but every time I turn off the wifi on my phone the connection seems to disapear. It reads no device found even though on my home app it still shows as linked. I'm tired of resetting the whole thing every time I want to cast.
Okay so I can't even connect to youtube anymore and it's telling me it can't connect to my TV?? TV is on the same network and so is my phone???? Is the firmware out of date if so please tell me how I can force an update??? I have the Toshiba 4k Chromecast TV. Very upsetting on how there's no answer online or anywhere to solve this issue. Please reply back to me if you see this Google!
Guys I feel like I've been waiting forever to be able to control my Nvidia Shield Android TV with my Google Home. What's the hold up? It even knows the device is there. It says 'sorry I can't do that *yet*' and mentions the device by name.
Incredibly unreliable. One day it works great. The next nothing connects. It can't seem to find linked speakers that are available. Test this thing befor releasing please
Update: the new version takes away a lot of control. I cant even change the name or wifi of my chromecast without unlinking it. This app has been over simplified and basically worthless other than for linking devices to google assistant. It occasionally hiccups but most of the time runs great. Using the cast store app I found tons of sweet apps to use for it but mainly Netflix and YouTube. Typically issues come from my tablets side so I just have to restart my tablet but that's another issue. I like guest mode but would like the ability to connect directly to it for local screen casting or media casting when no internet is available and I would like to see the ability to set a password that people who want to cast need a password.
I'm tired of paying double the price outside of the U.S. and getting half of the services from Google. Google Pay, Shopping, Continuous Conversation, Making phone calls... Nothing works for us non Americans.
Can't use the explore function in the app. Ridiculous that an update come out and makes things worse for users. We invest alot of money with our phones and Google devices. The least we expect is that everything works.
Star for attention and anger. Can we begin to clarify the term WiFi. (Wireless internet vs. Wireless network) thanks
Why can't I use the app outside my home WiFi even to change the alarm on my Google home speaker? I have to go through Google assistant for that. Amazon Alexa has a great advantage here allowing you to control your IoT devices from the app even if you're not on the same WiFi.
Was working great but now one of my speakers has disconnected from my phone and I can no longer find it, or edit and create new groups. Where has the group set up gone???
Doesn't see my Chromecasts nor does it let me set them up. I suppose I was just duped out of all the money I spent on this now useless Chromecast.
Sick and tired of resetting the damn thing because "something went wrong, please try again later". Pretty shoddy and NOT worth $20.
Google Home mini device. Will not run Spotify or play any music directly. Normally it returns to function after a few hours/resets/logins logouts, but this time it's been over a week of no function. Super lame. It's 50% of my use-case so now my device is almost good for nothing.
Please upgrade Home app and Chromecast software to make Chromecast Wifi Direct compatible. We do NOT have a home Wifi Network. But, we want to cast/mirror our phones to our TV via Wifi Direct connection to Chromecast.
I bought chromecast for my tv, it told me i needed to download this app. Its very easy to use and basically only have to set up once on each device and your good to go to cast from your device to the tv.
How is it fair to roll out all the great features to the US whilst Europe has to wait a lifetime for the same updates? I want to be able to use continued speech and I want to be able to use the male voice.
This app doesn't do much outside of connecting your Google devices to your phone and changing basic settings. Feels a bit of a waste, in my opinion.
No Google annoys me big time, very rude and very nosey,none of Google business what I do on my phone. But out for once bad Boy!
Only problem I have is if I wanted to watch movies on the Chrome browser on my phone and connect it to the tv it won't let me.
It doesnt recognises Chromecast many a times. I've to reset chromecast to factory 2 get recognised by home
Current update destroyed the functionality of my Google home speaker. I'm sticking with Alexa
1. The UI for adding devices is a complete failure. I have to scroll a huge list to find my home devices & it's likely not named after the product manufacturer ADD A SEARCH BOX! 2. Every time a manufacturer decides you need to log into their app again it breaks my home connection & I have to remove & re-add the device. Awful experience. 3. The voice detection seems to get worse and worse. I have 4 home devices to get better coverage & all it did was stuff my wireless connection. I've done the voice training more than a dozen times & it's gotten worse not better. 4. Add a settable delay to the app so I can say wait 3 seconds before home stops listening so it doesn't cut me off if I pause during a request. 5. my phone is in US eng, my assistant voice is in US eng. Why can't I have routines? 6. Please stop dumbing it down or you will lose all the tech users. I really liked the option of creating an emulated hue so I could add things that you don't natively support. So you removed it. Create an similar device we can use the same way (without the lag of yet another online service) I really want to like this but you make it sooo hard.
Plzz, help me connect my google mini. Even it's just beside me. App displays saying no google home mini nearby
Gah they must have changed how you pair a Google home with a Bluetooth speaker can't find it.
My Google home and Chromecast always disconnect from my wifi every 10 mins I tried rebooting but it's still no use
Can't add devices, literally 0 option available to do so, neither can I create rooms. This app used to be much better years ago.
A good app, but it needs to fix it some bugs, and helps chrome cast to be updated more usually, correcting and fixing issues.
Please Add one plus devices...I am facing problem with one plus 6 can't able to cast prime video..
Impossible to add any kind of device to use with Assistant. Set up works but nothing is listed.
I'm not going to make the trip to the complaint department, but I'm going to try to make the best of it it. Great idea but glitches and freezes
It stop casting the apps abruptly.sometimes it show the option sometimes it doesn't show.I tried factory reset but all in vain.I unavble to cast youtube and othr apps to my tv
Constantly can't find Chromecast or Google home mini even after doing the setup repetitively please fix!
It's perfect in every way except the profanity filter. I love the Google home and the application it's great and I love the home-control stop all that turn you lights off where is the bed need lights on etc but the profanity filter is extremely annoying I don't want swear words to be blocked but there is no option to remove it and I am aware that there used to be an option and I don't know why it got deleted but I hope they add the option back then I can give them a 5 star rating.
Nice App For Chromecasting But I am disappointed because it supports only few apps....Popular Apps Like Amazon Prime Videos Still Not Included in Supported Apps....
Set up the chrome cast shows at first in app then disapeared and shows as linked but wont cast :(
30 for a media streaming device that connects to any HDMI TV that can be used from your phone, PC, tablet or laptop. And it works excellently.
Can't get access to change my home mini network settings. Keeps re-adding the old settings. My device is now a doorstop.... After owning it for 1 day. Thanks google
Not useful. Stand far behind from firestick due to lots of manual interaction needed
I bought my Chromecast yesterday because I want to show BBC IPlayer and ITV Player through the TV. Neither work. When I have searched for a fix it seems many other people have the same problem. I will be taking the Chromecast back.
b'Make call bis not working, Please add the device discover options to control smart devices ???? please add this options'
Screen casting is so poor, too much lag. Fix it soon
Device not found when the device is not even 5 feet away. The chromecast is straight horrible and customer care is even worse. Firestick here I come for another one.
2 things wrong: Only problem I have is that when I cast to my Google Home Max or other speaker I get a notice that it can't pay my music since it's playing on another device (I got a family plan for 2). Plus when I pull down on my notification I can't skip to the next song.
It works well but there's some glitch in the way the app stores wifi data. When I had to replace my fritzbox router, I had to manually reenter my password after a factory reset of my chromecast because the home app had retained the credentials from my old router instead of pulling data about the new Wi-Fi which had the same name.
Not happy at all....chromecast has jumped on to the wrong network and now i cant change it.
No instructions downloaded the app can not connect dont know what i am doing wrong
I have 4 of them (old and new) and they loose connection frequently. I have to uninstall and reinstall them regularly.
I can't cast my audio to google home mini and Bluetooth is disconnecting afrer 10 to 15 second. I am very disappointed with it
Today's update, the image isn't so colorful, can you fix it?
The app is still a little bit confused. But works well with a acceptable performance.
Before this version it supports me and run well but now it's crashing
Average at times. Lots of bugs, but does the job.
Won't connect and the only thing it can do right it reboots and change names
There app is very useful with the Google home and Chromecast but for some reason my app doesn't have the voice and video call option! When I call someone on Google home it's withheld and I want that too change.
The app is good but it should have an option for sound source selection because my requirement was to cast only the screen not the audio. I want to listen the audio on my earphones. If possible please add that functionality to the app.
No calling in india still i can say Alexa is much better then this
The Cast Screen feature was working perfectly yesterday, but now, I press "Cast to Living Room TV" and it remains stagnant. Hope this is Hotfixed soon.
One of my Go to in terms of entertainment... Easy setup with my chromecast... No need for a cable provider anymore..
Recently won't let me cast audio from my device??? (I have a google mini) will give 5 stars when this issue is fixed! Please fix!!!
Since the update I can't cast from Netflix, Pandora or TuneIn Radio. All of these used to be available. Hell, I just accessed all three yesterday.
Okay Google, play Final Space on Netflix -> nothing found, although it exists and other movies play fine
Calendar will not sync with my google calendar. Will also not work with nest products for some reason. Help would be appreciated
Works great but has a few listening problems and forgets voice from time to time but overall good product
Doesn't work well with android. Can't get access to menu options.
Hey Google, this app and google home devices are incredible! But I would like to see some buttons on this app to control the led lights present on the Google home and home mini. I hope you would consider about it. Thanks
Getting updates makes this almost useless outside the US and UK.
Completely useless. This garbage can't even recognize a chromecast device on the same wifi
Seriously, Google?! The Home app on iOS shows all my shortcuts/routines and for Android you still couldn't manage?! That's ridiculous! Bad enough that you just pulled the feature without any notice in Europe... but then not bringing it back for such a long time is so not like you at all. Then finding the feature on iOS (same account, also Germany) is like a slap in the face. Very disappointed!
Bug issue noticed. Couldn't select the possible settings of my home mini thro app.
I love this app it makes my Chrome Case easier. Everything in 1 place.
App doesn't allow me to easily.modify Chromecast or home mini settings after update.
I only use it to watch YouTube TV, it does not offer the OWN network, other issues I have, I'm not sure if its Google or YouTube
Change voice preference missing, impossible to change back to UK female voice, very annoying
Haven't been able to use Chrome cast since chrome cast changed to home app
Very easy one button and your done im so pleased with it i don't know what I would do without it.
Was great until recently now when click on any of the settings option it says Google has stopped now I can't get past the home screen
The Google home mini freaked my wife out when it interrupted a conversation we were having about a movie she felt as well as I do that the home mini was eavesdropping on our conversation I sold it to someone else who did not have concerns about it always listening so anyone thinking about one of these devices needs to be aware that they are always listening
HORRIBLE TRIED TO ADD A NEW DEVICE TO SMART HOME DOESNT EVEN WORK
Used to be snappy and responsive, but every update seems to make it more sluggish.
Its always cast 720p but I want to cast 1080p resolution. So I hope in future update I have an option to cast 1080p resolution. I hope so
Won't install on Amazon device. Confirmed log in, download says installed. But NO iro icon or play button.
Google home mini Bluetooth audio streaming delay. Please help!
With the recent update and with the latest chromecast the screen cast keeps crashing.
Useless app. Like its an app for other apps?? Stupid.
b'It wants me to update it but i cant ??'
Menu structure getting too complex and hard to find what I wanted to do.
Everything Google does is magic. All works fine with me Chromecast, speaker. Setup send device, too
What man i don't have a wifi connection.... So it wont work without it
The music won't play at the same time in all the speakers even if I create a group
Settings tab never works. Makes the app useless. Re installed it twice.
Was working fine, lately have issues in casting YouTube mixes, out of 50 only 2-3 files get casted, other files get lost.
I think it's a great home control and planner app. Great sync with my android devices
Worked great for a few days. Now I can't cast from my phone. Asks for pin, but none comes up.
Going to Roku because this does not work for me.
Keeps telling me it needs update to connect to chromecast even though it's already in the latest version.
Another easy app from the one and only Google but I would like to see them add more music services to link to the Google home system
Love the app! It's super easy to use, and gives you straight forward information on tips and tricks to use with your Google Home.
It is very good you can ask meaning wheather report etc
Great app, don't have any complaints except that the shopping list should not move on to Google Chrome. It should stay in this app or be integrated in Google Keep
Would light up even when you're not talking. I'm guessing someone is listening.
While mirroring the screen, when we are casting a movie through any video player, we cannot lock the mobile. Which drains our battery.
The ability to hide/remove specific smarthome devices without unlinking the whole account should be added. Alexa has this and so should Home.
Screen mirroring is not working after the update ... I am using Chromecast
Continuous conversation isn't working with my Google home mini ( language is set to English)
No voice control for Google Play movies? Need massive improvements....cannot do multiple requests as one time.
The location reminders don't work.
Update: Google Pixel 2 XL casting to a Google Chromecast randomly works.
The volume on Chromecast always starts on the LOUDEST. and there's no way the change that
The reason i gave it 4 stars is because I only have a Chromecast, everything else is a little to expressive for me to own
Good but not sure why it isn't supported for Apple Music but it supports Deezer?! Please fix this!!
It doesn't respond to my TV off command. It was working great but after recent updatesit no longer works.
The app connects and disconnects randomly
Keeps logging out not impressed
Set up buttons do nothing
Should have better instructions. Needs more improvements.
Very confusing UI. Needs work.
You better support droid turbo for casting!! Its one of the best phones out right now
This app doesnt detect the chromecast device. I m using HuaweiMate 10 pro.
Iv had chromecast for 2 years and recently it doesn't let alot of sites connect to the TV the way it used to
Pq tiraram a opo de deixar notcias no modo ambiente?
Screen cast doesn't work
Most of the time it says I have no devices to cast to but I have 3 Goole Homes.
Cast screen /audio function is not working in Samsung J7.
It does not cast anything. really hard to use
It works for me just fine!
It keeps telling me that deezer account is not premium+ when it is and will not connect
With latest version, you can't change your Google assistant language.
Waiting for the next update, seems that Europe is a bit forgotten.
Can't create shortcuts missing shortcut tab
Almost perfect. Just add the option to have a primary user the ability to disconnect other devices casting.
Brilliant app. Allows me to sync all my Google home compatible devices. Just brilliant
Only if it had voice command through phone
Easy to use it took me a few minutes to figure it out but it was fine
I have a chrome cast and a mini speaker The home app manages them both easily
b'Audio gets cut off...??'
Great feature to have Google Home
this is so dated 2018. samsung has auto cast. forget abot this
It is a nice facility in our lives and house.
Nothing works, using Galaxy s8 plus
Not mirroring any web page
Love it!! Simple set up and always fun to talk to!!
I want a pet dinosaur
Roti not shortcut feature not available on this app
Amazing app.... Single app for controlling all Google devices. But introduce new updates frequently.
Need help for answer phone and mini to work
I hope this app will allow IOS to cast their screen through Chromecast.
Works OK about half the time.
Wish they would update the commands for Australia.
Miles ahead of so called smart TVs
More than I could have imagined
la mthode de configuration et nulle
Works better. Continues to improve.
Not connecting to my chromecast anymore
Very easy to use and helpful...
Keeps wanting to update when there is no update available
No longer works with my galaxy S5.
Cant set up device
Routine got stucked, cannot change.
Sucks fat homeless man dong
Doing great things
Since the update I can't make calls on my google home mini
Nice app, i like it
REDMI NOTE 5 PRO CONNWCTING BETTER THAN OTHER ANDROID DEVICES
Thx you now i m happily using my google home max
Smooth design but not munch devices you can add to the app
Oduct waste of money
Too many problems
can run chrome cast from android but not pc. garbage
This is a great app
What update? Dl the Newest version and it's telling me I need the update?
United States of. America
Last update was just because YouTube wanted ads everywhere!
Goodly Thank You.
Mr. Bloger "says " thank you
Should be more user friendly
The information is strictly forbidden as I have a few tr tr div tr
No thanx you
Right so reduced
The app is super
Very nice to use
GO GOOGLE !!!!!!
I love this Google home app. Sync with ease
Working again
Its really cool n stuff so yeee
POS..and Tech Support sucks...
OPPO Ooopppooo
Excellent device for casting to tv!!! Must have this....
Nort sure
I like it
Waste of money
Bom
Great!!
Love it everything should be this easy
Il think is better for me
Its great
Very good
It's pretty good
Works like a dream
Good quality service
Keeps getting better
This is so fun
Very good for Chromecast
Wellllll it is a good app
Booooo
Jk
Like it
Medium
Suprr
It's great.
Love it.
Good to use.
It's great
Great!
Alot
b'????'
Good app
Absolutely love it
Excellent app
Good app
So awesome
very best
Beautiful
Love it
Trash
it's marvellous
Love it.
Useful.
Excellent
Great
Good
Exellent
Lovely
Good
Great
Love it
Good
Good
Great
Good
Helpful
wonderful
Excellent
Good
Love
Great
Awesome
Good
Amazing
More often than not does not detect the Home devices on the network; don't have anything nice to say about it lol
b'Needs password to lock unauthorized access ??, the application main page should be for the local cast not apps!!!'
It is difficult to connect to the Chromecast but I like it
Chromecast 2 is super awesome!
Frequently disconnects even with good network.
Not working with xiaomi MI mix
Love it!
Is amazing
Good
I think the only missing feature for Google assistant is a simple one. It would be a major que for Google assistant to simply tell "Alexa - play Amazon prime video on my Chromecast" or to say "Siri - set my alarm for 8am". Think about it, if I have an Amazon device at all that is not supported by Google, then I have no choice but to buy all Alexa or Siri devices. If Google assistant could command Alexa and Siri for me inside my phone then Google would effectively control the other players devices. Taking them over at their own game. How could they stop you...
Not sure why my devive does not permit voice recognition like I see on all the adds.. nor can it get my email or half the functions I expected. Seems that it is impossible to get any support for this device.. if someone real.. can contact me it would be appreciated... seems like it fell far short of what others can do! Wont even connect to my phone to make calls.. badic stuff. See it working with other people on internet, is any of that even real? Help if you wat to. Or do I just unplug it and count my money gone?
All working perfectly until today. Not able to cast from YouTube or Netflix. My background screen is showing on tv and that's it. I have tried all the usual turn router off, unplug etc etc but to no avail. I would have given 5 stars but unless this is fixed I'm off to get a firestick from Amazon!
Till yesterday chromecast was working fine. From today morning I'm not able to find the cast option from any of devices though chromecast is connected. Tried all the possible ways including factory reset but no luck. Support guys, please rectify this issue ASAP. Seems like many people are facing this issue.
If I say "turn the lights on in here" to a Google Home kiosk, and there are two smart lights that are in the room, and all the devices are listed as located in the same room... It should know that I want the lights in the same room turned on. "I'm sorry I don't know how to help with that yet" is not a valid answer. Take a guess, ask me if it's right, remember that answer. Basic.. basic stuff... They have location info on the devices from within the Home app. The AI should know they're in the same location. Still not fixed. Been reporting this issue for a year.
App was great until last update. Now I'm unable to cast anything to TV.. Uninstalled and reinstalled... Did factory reset on Chromecast gen 1 now app won't allow me to set up device... "There was an issue connecting to Google, please check to ensure you smartphone or tablet has an active internet connection and try again" the very same eerrorbmessagr is displayed on each try
Love our chrome cast ultra with this app. Honestly the only problem we have with home or our ultra is our country internet, gets a bit sketchy in the sticks at times. Look forward to thenday our devices talk to eachot3rbwith out the need to be on sae internet connection let alone thebdevices having to be connected to the net. Anyway keep kic8n tail google an i will do ma best to keep filling the data banks.....peace!
App not working properly at all today seems a lot of people having same problem. Thought it was now TV, netflix ect, have wasted time trying different apps to find the chromecast is the problem. How do we get our money back so we can buy a more stable device? Thanks.
Everything is great except that you can't select Tidal as your default music player. If you use Google Home's Assistant, you won't be able to ask it to play music from Tidal. Tidal is a much better music app than Spotify, Play Music, and YT Music. That's one thing I really hope gets added as an option.
So many glitches, I can't even open any of the settings. Constantly crashes when I try casting music from my stock Android phone. I don't see how there would possibly be any "compatibility issues". I wrote a review already, but apparently Google deleted it from the play store. My Google home can't do the most basic function, work as a speaker.
My Chromecast has stopped working suddenly. It will not cast screen and the cast button has disappeared from all apps etc. I have reset the device and router. Turned it off and on, plugged, unplugged multiple times it won't cast ANYTHING! Google please undo what ever update you have done and fire the idiot who did it!
Total fail. Chrome cast just stopped working. I cannot cast anything despite both the TV and my phone being on the right networks and yes we tried the factory resets and rebooting the network. It only lasted a few months!! Feel ripped off! The worst bit is that my phone and TV can clearly communicate because the stupid background are still there and I can alter them from the home app......
I can't cast anything, already tried factory reset, router reset, hell even i reset my phone setting nothing damn works! And after reading some of reviewers in here i think i'm not the only one facing this kind of sheettt. Hey google is this a bug in your product? How to make it work again like it was used to
What happened to Chromecast??? It was working fine and woyld have given 5 stars because it's legit my favourite app but it's gone and I can no longer play Netflix or YouTube. I've tried everything to fix it and it looks like others are having issues too. Please fix this ASAP
Awful app. Every time I try to set anything up it just comes up with an error message 'Problem while connecting'. Called technical support and it turns out that it won't work on my android phone but works perfect on my old apple phone. They have no idea why this is and it's likely not going to be fixed. Awful app. Awful technical support.
Enabling voice commands for Google Home started capturing any and all microphone voice to text input I used on my phone. My text messages, notes, reminders are ending up on my google account in a big 'voice activity log. HUGE privacy and also using my mobile data un-necessarily. RUINING the product.
I have used Google home for years and loved it. It is primarily used to connect my older Bose radio and home stereo system to Pandora and play them simultaneously. Recently issues have popped up with connected devices not casting or suddenly just stop playing. Not sure what's going on Google, but get it together.
Love this BUT it's hell trying to get it to connect to a different wifi source. The instructions make it look easy, but once it know one wifi connection it never displays a list of others if u move it or want to connect to an alternate net connection. A real pain in the a***
Worked fine until last update, now won't connect to anything. Always says "you are n ot connected". Strange, because all other applications are. All my apps have lost their Cast button. This has reduced my Chromecasts to paperweights. Not good. UPDATE: After much digging around, it appears that my issue was with my Google account and affected several Google services. Once I'd fixed the Account Google Home works fine. I've updated my rating accordingly
I cannot cast for some reason. Although I can see the backdrop updating on my tv, the cast function is not working since 26th June. What did you guys do??Can you assist? This is the worst experience I had with Google. Why would you break something which was working fine all these days
I bought my Chromecast yesterday. Spent over 3 hours trying to connect to the internet using my phone as a hotspot Wi-Fi. But come to find out that I can't use my phone as a hotspot Wi-Fi! Tomorrow I will be returning this useless piece of garbage for a refund! Hey Google, expect lots of backlash and refunds! This is a huge disappointment! Don't waste your money!
It's good... Except it's not. Basically, this worked great while setting up my devices, since then, it can't find any of them. So I can't change the preferences of my Google home and 9 times out of 10 my Chrome cast is more useful as a paper weight. Add this to the constant stream of "something went wrong, when your ready, give it another try" anytime I try to play music from Google Play music. This is all from my Google branded pixel. Funny enough, I can see the Chromecast almost every time I open the Google home app on my iPhone. It's stupid. If the Google home didn't control my lights, I would have thrown it away and never looked back. I've already replaced the functionality of the Chromecast with a small PC. I love what Google is doing, but they just don't quite hit the mark.
After almost 2 years. It decided to stop working. It doesn't show the cast icon and it says it's not compatible. I spent 3 hours doing what's on the help tab but it's something else. I think Google needs to fix it. I've read loads of comments with same issue. Get it sorted ASAP!
Like so many have said, my decided to just stopped working on 6/27. I can see the backdrop, reset anything I want, and even go through setup again - nothing casts to it. I actually have 2 on different TVs having the same issue.
Update: 28th June 2018 Google has fixed the issue, casting is back to normal . Weird thing is no one knows what the issue was, all I see people commenting on google home app, We want to know the exact issue from google! It was working fine till 26th june 2018, suddenly today all of my apps stopped showing cast icon, from all my devices. Tried rebooting, removing special symbols from device names. But no luck. Haven't even used it for an year. The back drop is connected to internet, slideshow is working, my devices are on same network. But still I can't cast anything.
My Google Home Mini is so much dumber than the Google Assistant on my Pixel 2, yet when I ask a question the Mini takes over and wipes out the response on my phone. What's up with that? My Mini thinks it's "learning", but I have seen no evidence of it! Disappointing.
I am unable to link multiple services. I have tried smartlife, Samsung smart things, and c by GE. It gets through authorization without issues, then says "service linked", but never asks me what room to pair it with, and the devices never show up. How is such an important feature of this app not working?? I'm a die-hard Google user; have 2 google homes and a Chromecast, and I use Google all the time, but this is very disappointing.
This has always been alright. It seems that after my Chromecast rebooted itself in the middle of the night that my devices can't find it. The Chromecast icon disappeared from every casting app. Even when I check the display settings it tells me no devices have been found. Come on, Google. I'm about to have a long move in a few days and won't be able watch things via WiFi/a screen larger than a mobile device for a long time. I want to get my feel of entertainment in and this doesn't help.
This last update turned my three Chromecast in the house into paper weights. It no longer screen cast. My pixel keeps saying no compatible devices found all the sudden. Reset everything and it still doesn't work. Suspect Google won't fix issue for months if at all.
It's awesome when it works. I often have to restart apps (looking at you Spotify and Netflix) or the Chromecast itself to regain control of casting, and that gets annoying at times. Could be poor individual app support for Chromecast, but it's definitely not just one app, so I feel like Google could better support vendors using this technology. It still reflects poorly on this if no one can interface with it effectively.
After the last update, the only thing Google home mini does is say, "something seems to have got wrong, when you are ready, please try again". I have factory reset the speakers, uninstalled and installed the app again but this is pathetic. Can't retrain voice too. Keep getting error message. Tried doing this right iOS as well, no luck. Google, start working on things you already have instead making the assistant book my hair cut appointment.
Absolutely terrible!!!! I use an android phone and can't even properly watch youtube on chromecast. The ui is absolutely abysmal. How in the hell can google mess this up?? It's all their own systems not working together. This is probably what you get with hr-quouta's.
It's stopped working from 27 June 2018 . I have a Chromecast 2 and a Google home mini. Tried many things many number of times. But no use. Many times reconnected and many teimes factory reset but no use. The cast iron doesn't show in any of the app . Please fix it .. Google is a reputated brand .. please help us immediately
Very useful app, and we love our Google homes. I hold back a 5 star review, because there NEEDS to be a true intercom feature! Broadcast does not work in the middle of the night (or ever) with kids.
I like the Google collection of devices. However, this app, while functional, is the weakest link. I find it cumbersome and confusing to navigate. I think the display of song and artist that is currently playing on a device is woefully inadequate. Sometimes, the artist and track information are not even displayed when a song is playing. It could be so much better.
Chromecast stopped working today. There must be something fundamentally broken in design that an issue can have such a large scale impact. Service too centralized? Where's redundancy? Chromecast service should be able to function well contained within one's local wifi network, but clearly, that's not the case.
I have 2 chromecast devices and until yesterday they were working fine. Today I can no longer cast to either. My apps have lost the chromecast button. I'm really unhappy. I have followed all the advice. I have factory reset each device. Checked my wifi. Uninstalled home and apps with absolutely no effect. Fix this Google !!!!
I have tried numerous times to get this app to work on my bedroom speaker. I have tried hard r and soft esetting several times each followed by setting up with the home app without success. It was working great before. Now, all I hear is "your Google Home is not set up yet. To get started, download the Google Home app..." #*&@ I've already done that numerous times !!!
Used to love the app and the product. Now the most basic functionality fails. I try to set a reminder, I get a response that something went wrong. I try to verify my voice, something went wrong. I try to do it on the app, it says it can' connect. Check my home and work address, can't connect. Ask it to play music for me, something went wrong. If it doesn't know who I am and "can't connect" to set things straight, what is the point of this product? It's fundamentally broken.
It never works, one day I can cast to my TV using my Google Chromecast the next day I can't and so on every day one day I can cast to my TV one day I can't. I paid $90 for this Google Chromecast that doesn't work and I can't figure out if it's the app or if it's the device itself but basically it doesn't work don't waste your money. My Amazon Fire stick never has thse sort problems.
I have had my Chromecast dongle since it was released about a year + now. I am pleased with its performance. The only problem I have is a lack of enough hdmi jacks on the back of my tv set. Of course that is not Google's fault. I can recommend this product. 06/03/18 Something has happened to googles Chromecast. Rarely can I get the dongle to talk to my phone or tablet. I set up the CC as instructed. Still can't get it to work. I've called Google and they truly don't have a clue as to the cause. It's too bad because this was up until a couple of weeks ago a product that I relied on. Now I just avoid using because it is so untrustworthy.
Google home won't answer. After a year it disconnected itself from the App and won't reconnect. Leaving the hardware useless. All it says is "Download the google home app to get started". Duh. App recognized the device but the device don't see the app that has been set up (for a while).
Suddenly faced the issue today when all cast options have disappeared from various apps including youtube. I can sse people have posted same issues on 26/27 june. Googlr please resolve the issue or suggest what is to be done
Have been using it for the past 6 months and it have been working fine until today, it just suddenly stopped working. The backdrop is there and i can see the device is linked but can't cast anything because for some reason the cast icon has disappeared. So far I've tried rebooting both the chromecast and my router multiple times, i also have factory reset my chromecast and rebooted my phone. Nothing seems to work, please fix it.
It was casting fine 2 days ago..now it wont cast youtube screencast or netflix. The cast icon is gone from those apps. When i try to screencast it says cannot find device to cast!!! But google home is seeing and syncing (background images)w the chromecast device correctly! What gives!
Was working absolutely flawlessly for the month weve had it. As of today, June 27, 2018, the Chromecast does not work. I can change the name of it and the image that displays on the TV, but I cannot cast from any of my devices whether theyre iOS or Android. I will change this to a 5 star once this has been fixed. Until then, it is just an expensive screen saver for my tv. Its fixed. Same day.
Unable to use the Google store from the app because it forces me to use the local language from the country I am in! Changing to the closest English language (UK) makes it impossible to order to the country I currently live in. A masterpiece of stupidity to force a language that is based on location, and not on that language the user speaks! That person at Google who came with this brilliant idea should be FIRED!!
Starting today afternoon June 7, 2018 I can not casting to my TV anymore. Is there anyproblem with google chrome cast? This is my first experiences facing this problem. Google please fixed it immediately before it become global issue. Thank you
Current review: can't use device that was working for over 2 yrs.? Google chromecast is the product, no changes selected by me. Google made the changes that now render my purchase useless. The company needs to provide all customers with an updated product that is compatible with their chosen updates. BEFORE THE FACT, NOT AFTER its customers are negatively impacted. NOTE : The following IS PREVIOUS REVIEW OF a known issue from 2017. "This version Not working was working until Oct 1 2017. Older version still working on other devices"
Since this app has been named to Google Home it has never worked for me. I have tried it from different phones and Android tablets and it just does not allow me to configure a chromecast device anymore. I always end up grabbing a PC to configure. That is extremely annoying. I don't leave reviews much but this is so bad need to say something. Please fix soon and bring back the original functionality.
b"Hi guys. It's a really great app. Today I've faced a problem. And it was fixed. For those who are facing a disappearing in the casting icon here what I did... I reinstalled the app then installed it again and start all over then from browse choose what ever shown from apps that u want to cast then it's there again ?? good luck"
It's now the 28th and my Chromecast is still not working after the outage on the 27th even though most sources say the fix is out. This is extremely frustrating as it's our primary way of streaming. Hope a "fix" will come my way soon.
Everything was working great. Now all of a sudden my apps have stopped showing the "cast" icon and the Google home app is not allowing direct casting either. I have discarded my cable connection in favour of streaming on Chrome cast, now I suppose I should explore other options.
I have so much trouble with this app. It constantly crashes and never works on my phone. While my device is not optimized for it, I still expect something. When it does work it's awesome, but waiting for it to work is a real pain. Edit:the app and the device still do not work together properly. I am constantly having to trouble shoot .
Worked perfect since December/January, new update and now I can't cast anything from my phone to my tv.. I'm able to cast from my daughter's tablet but you can't control Netflix on two TV's from the same device SMH.. There's no solution to this problem, after rebooting and even setting up the device all over again, I'm still unable to cast from my phone.. This is a massive headache..
Yesterday this was working, but today this suddenly stopped casting, spent an hour trying to fix it but the problem is this crappy Google Home software. Google Home shows the chromecast device is visible but when trying to cast it says "no compatible devices... " And yes I've tried rebooting the device, network etc.
Google, Google Home and the Google Assistant are well behind the game when it comes to working with home automation. Even getting Phillips Hue to work the way you want is a pain, where not impossible. Brand trust deffinetaly diminished. Wish I had gone with Amazon and Alexa.
Chromecast stopped working from today. All of a sudden cast button is not visible in any of the supported apps like youtube, sonyliv.. The home app just shows the backdrop and the same is displayed in the TV. Need a fix asap.
Whatever happened my Samsung note 8 no longer recognises my chromecast ultra. I use the home app and it can see it, all other apps Netflix youtube etc cannot find my device, I have factory resetted the chromecast and nothing has changed
Google home devices need a default room for home automation too. Tired of turning on all the lights when saying "turn on lights" instead of just turning on the light in the same room as the google home. Actually all devices already can be assigned to rooms, so why the hell are lights is the same room not the default?
Do not buy google chromecast. The hardware is fine but the software, i.e. google home app is terrible. I have to constantly reset to factory settings to get the app to even notice the chromecast and even then its a 1 in 10 chance of it actually connecting and working as it should. I have given feedback on several occasions which has apparently been ignored. App totally impractical having to reinstall everytime you want to use it properly. Pointless.
Hi Google. It was a wonderful App since last one yeat...till today. Everything suddenly stopped working. Cast icon is not visible in any app like YouTube etc. Device seems to be working. Did even factory reset. But not able to cast anything. Is there any call centre or support center in India who can help.
To all those having issues on June 27th 2018. Simply reset the Google home, perform a regular setup. It will fail on the last step. Back out and re open the app while unplugging the home for 1 minute. In the app you should now have the ability to link the device that you couldn't setup and it should work again. You may have to unplug one more time.
The whole experience is frustrating. I have 2 chromecasts one 1st gen and one 2nd. Both go in and out. No recognition in any device. When recognized, they often lost communication. The app is so basic so useless that I have to restart and factory reset the chromecasts on a weekly basis.
Amazing to use this for Chromecast Audio + Spotify Premium! One little annoyance though: sometimes after a while I can't control the volume anymore on my phone. (Nokia 8, newest Android version + newest firmware on Chromecast)
Utter trash. Used to be able to link a Phillips Hue. Now they've removed the add device button, which is still cited in their help documentation. Why even bother buying Google's latest phone if you can't even link it up to the other expensive junk you buy. Google devices only apparently. Incredibly disappointed and expect I'll be ignored like most people who talk to Google. Thanks for nothing.
Was able to cast last night. But today i can no longer see the cast icon on any of the apps i.e. spotify, youtube, netflix. When tried to mirror cast via google home, chromecast couldn't be detected. However, the photos are cycling as per normal and the time is also syncs up. PLEASE FIX IT ASAP THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE!
27th June.. You're going down dude. What the F is wrong with you? Backdrop is OK but can't cast anything, Google speaker didn't work at all... It's not only me. Other users experience the same thing as well! 27th june.. It's doomsday for every Google user!!
Well this app just shat the bed. Has worked fine for months but now it won't cast. Reset everything from router, tv, chrome cast, phone apps the lot. Connects but won't cast. Can change background but nothing else. Why update something that wasn't broken you Muppets
Both Chromecasts at my home will not connect to S7 when they did just a week ago. Google offering no support as usual. What would you expect from a leftist scumbag company?
Unable to connect to chromecast. I am able to see my chromecast even change settings but cast option not showing in any applications. Did factory reset Tried to connect to customer care. WASTED OVER 60 MINS but no one picked the call. Seems these are just dummy numbers provided
Purchased Ultra in error as I thought it would cast all my DVDs that I have on hard drives. It won't, so expensive mistake. Only useful for commercial sites, not what I am interested in and not what I wanted. I was misled by google as they say it can be used with a laptop. No it can't, but please google tell me I am wrong.
So bummed. Have had 2 of these for years, but problems keep popping up...today was trying to cast the World Cup & failed on both my devices...the Cast icon is gone even from YouTube, and Google Home can't even find my Chronecast. Looks like it's not just me, either, see many reports of same issue & no replies from Google. Was working fine last night, and don't see any recent app updates...what is going ON Google ?
Ive had the chromecast for about two months now and it was working just fine but like everyone else lately, i cannot cast anything. Ive done reboots, resets, and reinstalls. Nothing seems to work. It woukd work for five minutes but then it goes to the background and crash the apps. Please FIX!!!
*Update 7/3 : i found something helpful for the casting issues! If you have multiple isolated networks and you have them all as "auto connect" this could be the problem, as the device may switch back and forth. I have "network a" and "network a-5G" so I turned one of the auto connects off and the app instantly recognized the device. Everyday problems with the app not recognizing the device. Every time I try to watch something it takes 10-15 mins of trying to get the device connected. The "help" chat has been no help at all. Garbage! * Loved it until... constantly having problems with the app not recognizing my chromecast.
Got new reason to give it lower ratings, today it stopped playing music, telling that "I can't....." message. It may dump your home automation at any time and leave you in middle. Two star just because right now it's much inferior then Alexa in India. Many services like adding routine making calls, calling cab is still missing in google home.
It was all good until last update. My phone cannot connect to google home anymore! I try to reboot uninstall, try set up from beginning and always fail at configuration with google home... It become useless!
The only thing missing on the app is the ability to swap items around or categorize them in the shopping list. They appear in the order you put them on the list, which is a pain in the supermarket when you have a large list. I end up going up each aisle a few times because you can't change the order things appear on the list. Fix this,and you get 5 stars! Great app otherwise!
Well, up until now it worked pretty well but now it won't let me access my settings. Also this thing needs a follow-up option. Having to say "Hey Google" every time gets annoying.
Cannot access chrome cast settings. The home app looks OK but the only settings I see are to change backdrops. The help pages are dreadful. If this was not a Google product it would be off the market by now.
Was working great and now suddenly today the cast symbol has stopped appearing in any of my apps. I have spent an hour restarting and resetting everything, checking apps are updated, resetting my router and nothing works. Everything it connected to the same wifi, I even did a factory reset to be sure. Very annoying.
Google home is an awesome setup. I love everything about it there just a few functions that would be great Lee appreciated if added and I'm sure some people could agree with me. One function I'm wanting is for Google home mini to be able to save Wi-Fi networks that it has previously connected to I travel with my Google home Mini and every time I have to set it up again even if it's connected there before it be nice if it could connect to Wi-Fi networks that already knows. Another thing is and I'm sure Spotify users would agree I also have an echo Dot and one function I realize is that with the Google home mini I can connect to it via cast. But that only works when in range of my wifi network My echo. I can connect over cellular I don't have to be on my Wi-Fi network I would love if there was a way to link Google home to where I can access it on cellular as far as connect to it from Spotify cuz I can do the same thing with the echo Dot. Which is awesome. I besides that I love everything about Google home systems they're pretty cool thanks for such an awesome device
The majority of YouTube videos I watch are educational, like 99%, and that's the only thing I use it for. Before, I could force the resulting to high and be patient. Now, the videos are in permanent low resolution and unreadable. Anyone want to buy a couple of chromecast devices?
Works well when all of the devices are recognized. Unfortunately the devices aren't always detected by the app. Chrome cast reliability on my network is lacking and we have good signal to each device. I would also like to see more trouble shooting and casting simultaneously on multiple devices.
Seriously painful to configure with Chromecast Ultra. I could get partway through, then it would stop and complain it couldn't find device (everything is within a few metres of each other). Many factory resets later I manage to get it going. But Chromecast Ultra continually chews through my limited data allowance, you cannot turn off background image loading. MAJOR FAILING!!! Got second unit, more endless factory resetting to try and make it work. Hours late still fails
Larry summed up my problem, frustration with lack of communication and support. Terrible job letting people what's going on effectively, thus causing a tremendous waste of time and effort. Absolutely pathetic support and communication. Get it fixed and get USEFUL information out quickly and broadly
When I try to add new device it wants to unlink what I have, plus it's always a hassle to pair any device to Google home app. Just after I authorise, the app pops up loading and give error message it cannot update information with smart life. Now I unlinked a device to add a another device from the same manufacturer and it doesn't link anymore either. Even the one that was linked doesn't link anymore. solve this issue. I managed sync using another email, but this time Phillips hue instead smart life is kicked out.it says this time it successfully updated but shows no device connected.
Pauzes, stops cant connect etc etc. Forced to reboot phone and cast. 70% of the time something is playing, but the home app wont show it, dus unable to control anything. Would xpected more from google. Even simple cast software from phone to pc/screen works 10 times better. J ust horrible. Did u guys test it on a few devices, and routers and thought yep this is it. Sorry chromecast is not worth it unless your 1 of the lucky one who has the setup just right..
b'My Chromecast was working about 2hrs ago. Now I can see it in the home app change wallpapers etc. But not in any other app I have reinstalled home app reset modem and factory defaulted the chromecast. What has changed.... ??'
Like many other recent reviews, my Chromecast has suddenly stopped functioning correctly. I have tried all the troubleshooting steps to no avail. The Chromecast is visible on both TV and Google Home but will not allow me to cast - "no nearby devices found". The Cast button is also gone from other apps. Please fix this asap...I'm missing my Chromecast!
The setup seemed to go correctly. After that I had a message to try casting something - NOTHING! It says use the 'cast' button in chrome - no cast button! Checked chrome fully up-to-date. None of the other apps work either though several have cast buttons! Useless! Sending from a note 8
Just had an issue with casting in youtube and other apps including this home app. cast device didn't appear in the list but i could see the current backdrop image in the app. factory resetting the chromecast again. maybe its preview update is unstable.
Google home support has been great so far, as I have called them several times. The product is still in its infancy but it's getting there. Navigating the app can be super confusing to find what you're looking for.
It works great. I do however have a problem. my only problem is that in my google play music app the cast icon doesn't appear. It appears for my other Chromecast enabled apps but not this one. Both my Google play app and my google home app are up-to-date, so that's not the issue. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling both, still doesn't work. It also doesn't work with Spotify... I have a Moto g 5 plus. Please help
Will not connect to my older chromecast, useless. Edit - turns out it was using my Samsung galaxy S7 edge with this app that was the problem. Using the app with a much older LG and connected to the chromecast no problem first time. Help links provided would have been zero help and I had already checked and done everything like that myself, the app used to work with my S7, no idea what has changed must be the app the S7 never updates it self
The app plays the backdrops on the TV but it says there is no compatible device. This has been happening only since yesterday, otherwise it was working fine. I have reset my router, factory reset the chromecast. Nothing works!
They were really good but not it will stop streaming and not allow me to cast from my phone. I use the ocean noises for my kid at night and it randomly will shut off and I can't get it to start without using voice so that is rather annoying.
All works fine. But now i can't cast youtube and netflix After the update, tried to reinstall,factory reset. Verify the network still nothing happen. And can't even detect the chrome device now! Im using this almost a year but now can't cast and enjoy. I dont know what happen to this update now but i really don't like it.
Was great but recently continually drops out. Network is fine (have checked during buffering/dropouts and its 16mbps+) and services eg youtube/netflix are fine when not using chromecast so can only assume its google. Have updated and rebooted to no avail Any advice?
Fix it the way it was. Why do you people always screw with stuff that works perfectly fine. Cannot connect via mobile hotspot and that is really pissing me off to no ends. That is the only reason I bought this product. Now I cant connect that way when I am out and about on trips and such. Leave things be. Fix this.
I have chromecast for 6 year and 2 months now it has been acting up. I bought it because my tv is not a smart tv. Was working great with until recent. Still getting freeze on movies with this app. Continue to reset on its own during a movie.
App keeps telling me to get update before can work then takes me to the Google Play page and just give the link to open the app again... begins this continual loop with no solution
When will we be able to send text messages through the assistant, or add items to multiple shopping lists through the assistant, or sync multiple calendars through the assistant? Let's focus on that stuff first before putting more time into things like Google Duplex
My google home mini keeps saying "there's a Glitch something went wrong" I tried rebooting it but the google home couldn't connect. I started setting up but it wont connect. Whuuut happened?!
What the heck happened? We have multiple chrome cast devices and they've all worked fine until recently. Suddenly they're dropping signals and "aren't detected" when they're clearly on. This was a great tech until you broke it. Get Gavin Belson on it, you hooli nerds broke it.
Why suddenly I'm getting a message saying No compatible devices were found on your network? I was watching TV 10 min ago and now I'm not able.to cast anything. Fix this problem seor Google.
It served me for 1 month effortlessly. Suddenly it stopped show the casting icon from today. Rebooted, app re installed but of no use. No reply gets of my feedback. Feeling frustrated about ChromeCast. Waste of money.
This app works beautifully on my HTC 10 my only issue is there are quite a few things that Google home mini is not capable of yet, and responds with I can't help you with that but I'm learning... I still love this device and the app, and it's very useful and I'm looking forward to the updates.
Needs separate volume controls for Google Assistant vs. media being played! SUPER basic functionality request that Alexa has had for a while now. I may have to return the unit since the assistant voice is SO loud when playing quiet music. Also Spotify keeps stopping which is super annoying.
I am so tired of having to unplug and plug my Chromecast in just to get it to appear on the app. I even have a pixel 2. You would think that with a Google phone I wouldn't have to constantly unplug and plug my Chromecast and Google home in just to get the thing to communicate with my phone.... It's all Google product for God's sake!!
Worked for a while but stopped working today. Have tried factory reset/reboot/install-uninstall all apps and have tried running on other devices but cant get it to work. Now im unable to cast anything. Coming up with message "trouble finding your chromecast ultra". Pls fix
Casting content from Chrome web browser or YouTube to television works well and casting is easy to do. 2018/06/27 problem with Chromecast not able to cast has been fixed, so I am able to enjoy using this app again. Thanks for fixing quickly.
A very good device with a big fault: the impossibility to turn Off CEC!!! I only need CEC between TV and receiver. Totally useless on this device. Make everyone a BIG favor and insert an on/off button for CEC!!
This is pathetic.. one minute my Chromecast is working fine and then another... It is showing that no compatible devices nearby... I don't understand, both my mobile and device is connected to same network and it is working properly.... Then why I am not been able to cast my screen... Please look into it.
I've literally smashed my chrome cast today, after exactly 6 months, tried everything like everyone else here to connect and nothing.... Sooo Google is awesome and useless 70 for a background changer for my TV lol never buying this again. Worse day ever
It's okay but still has a ways to come. More support needed for Spotify. It's near impossible to get it to play one of your personal playlists even with a shortcut enabled it generally goes to the wrong playlist.
*Update* I'm giving back the stars I took away as of today 06/28/2018, the, "glitch" has been fixed. The downtime really made me realize just how much I rely on Chromecast. I was one of the first to jump on the Chromecast wagon and it had been awesome up until now. As of today, 06/27/2018, Chromecast sucks as it will not allow me to cast from any of my devices. BoOoOoOo! Please fix ASAP!
The latest update(s) break compatibility with at least the Samsung S8+. Though Android does detect the presence of Chromecast devices on the WiFi and apps do display the broadcast icon as usual, casting does not work. Hitting the icon has no effect whatsoever. Edit: ...and today, as if by magic, normality is restored.
Despite Google supposedly releasing a patch back in January that resolved the issue with Chromecast causing a severe slowing of home WiFi, it did not fix the problem. The only way that I am able to use home WiFi on my phone is to unplug my Chromecast....then everything goes back to normal. This is not acceptable Google! Please fix it!
Reading reviews..we too are having recent issues with casting. Never had a problem before. Even lastnight it was casting Netflix but now it won't recognise the device and the casting icon has disappeared.
Use to love this, but recently it just stopped working. It still shows I'm connected when in the Google Home App and my screen savers are synced, but can not cast anything from any apps. The cast button doesn't even exists now. I've done the troubling shooting and even factory reset twice, nothing. Hopefully they'll fix the issue since I don't seem to be the only person.
I needed to reset my router for another issue. Google Home wouldn't reconnect to the internet so I had to factory reset it it. My Google Home is named Living Room speaker but now I have a duplicate speaker named Living Speaker 2. I can't fix the problem despite unlinking my Google account and starting over.
Perfect if you want an app that wastes your time, frustrates you and ultimately does not work. Other reviews say it's latest version has stopped working. I can't believe Google pushed updates
Installed it on my PC and on my mobiles. But then what? No menu to help. It says make sure your other devices are connected to POWER!!!.... no clear instruction or intelligent help. A dumb product from Google!
6/20/18edit-If you factory data reset once a week it works "ok" Edit- chromecast is getting worse everyday. I suggest trying any other casting device on the market. I'm going to try roku... An update a couple weeks ago has cause the Google cast to drop the connection with the device you are casting from and it locks up the google cast so you can't control it. Now once you start a show or movie, you can't pause, rewind, fast forward or anything else, you are stuck watching it or unplug the tv to get back control. It's so aggravating that it's not worth using Google cast anymore. It's the same problem with every app I use to cast media, and it just started.
Got the Google home speaker AND chromecast thinking this is going to be awesome. It is not. Constantly in a state of "can't find device". I tried Google help, tried my internet provider, tried resetting every damn thing we own multiple times. At this point I'm regretting this buy. What is the point if I can't cast to it? Not even my husband's Pixel connects. Take my advice and skip this purchase!
I can't see properties in Devices in the Google Home more. I can't check version of my google home mini. Also, I've enabled continued conversation but no effects. My home mini accept my next question but thats all.
This app used to work but it doesn't anymore and has been very inconsistent. I can't give anything that doesn't work more than one star. The last update pretty much ruined it for over half the people on here
Not only does the chromecast not work, neither does any of my mini's work either. Keeps saying, "something when doing!" Please patch. Also, make it easier to remove devices from room and also include a master reset.
It was working fine till yesterday. From today onwards, the cast icon is not coming at all on the mobile. My TV is connected to the internet and mobile is also connected to the same WiFi network. Tried all possible ways. But looks like some issue for everyone, please fix this ASAP
The app is good. although the only thing it keeps telling me if my Samsung Galaxy S8 Edge is not optimised to use Screen Mirroring. but yet my brothers S7 is.. need this bug fixrd please
Why is it not working any more? Please provide a fix! Worked great before last update, now unable to cast anything. Tried resetting and re-installing but still no luck same error occurring each time.
What the hell happened Google?! Have not had an issue for years with Chromecast then overnight it's no longer working for anyone. Someone needs to fix whatever went wrong ASAP Updated review to three star cause google fixed it so quick. Only three cause it should never have happened in the first place
The Chromecast were down on June 27th, and the issue was fixed quite quickly. It shows that we should have the option to opt out of firmware updates! We buy the Chromecast, but it feels that we don't own it!
Why is the commute in Routines if my speaker can't use it? When I say 'let's go to work', the routine never finishes because it can't tell me about my commute. It's an overpriced speaker.
Never had problems with my chromecast. Just this one day 27/07/18 and the issues was resolved very quickly. Thank you. Hats off to ya! Cast prevents me from losing myind when I find I'm bedridden, so this app is a lot to me.
STILL not able to integrate with Google Apps or G Suite as it's now called, so I can access my calendar even though Amazon Echo has been able to for years and this is Google's own product! Beyond frustrating and very poor.
Help!. This app worked fine until very recently. It recognizes my chromecast through the home app, but the cast button won't show up for any app. Tried crunchyroll, youtube, netflix, and even the home app. Its completely non-functional now! This has never happened before. Rebooting and reinstalling did nothing.
Well all was working well until I woke up this morning and my Chromecast will no longer work. I have had it from the very beginning and no problems till today. I have rebooted all devices and WiFi router but cannot find my Chromecast. You need to fix this Google right away. I see I am not the only one having this problem.
Regularly loses its ability to find cast devices. Has been happening since the Home app was released. Edit in response to developer response: All 7 cast devices (2 Chromecasts, 5 Google Homes) will sometimes simultaneously disappear from the app's device list. Rebooting the Onhub doesn't fix it. Rebooting cast devices doesn't fix it. Only waiting a few hours fixes it.
Fine until the last update. Can't stream Spotify on my Google home mini any more. It stops mid song and sometimes skips songs in the middle of them. Can't even make it through one song. Works fine with every other app, just Spotify.
I liked it before they upgraded to a better version. Now all I have is problems. It never shows that I have my device connected, even tho it always is. Even when I reboot it does not help anymore. I refuse to upgrade when the one I have was working just fine, and now, out of the blue, I start having ridiculous snags.
This device is a joke. Does not work. No phone number for technical support. Will return it very soon and buy a simple HDMI cable. Do yourself a favour and either buy a smart tv or buy a hdmi cable. Avoid chromecast at all cost!!
Not all of the most basic functions are working. Clicking on settings does nothing. Clicking on settings from the front page just brings you to the menu of notifications over and over.. if you try to get into settings from your devices, it doesn't do a thing at all. Currently I can't add any of my subscriptions because of this and it's making my Google home essentially useless for what I purchased it for. It will only play songs from Google when I prefer to stream others like pandora.
Worked fine until we got a new Wi-Fi network. Re connected everything and it tells me it's ready to go but now the cast button has disappeared from all my devices so I can't cast anything. And yes both devices are on the same network ...
I have a hard time linking the two with Netflix. I keep getting a cannot connect error message and no explaination why. I have to perform multiple reboots to finally connect
"Sorry, I can't help with that yet." is the most hated phrase in our home. We have 2 of these annoying mini's that can't do anything but tell me the weather. Sometime it plays my playlist (Google Play Music: Premium) when I ask, but dont ask for specific songs or expect the original version you want, instead, you'll get something completely random or a horrible remix of the song. Bluetooth speaker and phone's assistant = a lot less anguish. If I ask it a question it should respond with the answer seeing as it's build around a search engine, but the response is always the same: "Ok Google, what's the speed of cat6 Ethernet cable?" "Sorry, I can't help with that yet." That's purely an example, but pretty much the same response for everything I ask it.
The only thing I don't get about this app is why can't you have a opinion to prevent/stop other devices from connecting to your device? When you do that then I'll give a better review.
After the latest update I can't access the settings of my google home; whenever I tried to open the settings of my google home from the devices list it disconnects from the devices. Really frustrating.
Was working like a charm till 27 June 2018 morning but doesn't seem to be identifiable on any device now. The cast buttons have gone missing, mirroring is not working. Tried factory reset, on both Chromecast and router but still not working.
This app has been a life saver for me. My tele doesnot have an inbuit wifi nor smart to watch youtube netflix or worldcup football matches. Bought it. Problem solved. I could stream anything anytime from my mobile lap. Happy days
Till yesterday it was working fine. . .Today it's not working don't know what is the reason, not able to see cast icon in any of my apps...Tried every thing reboot, settings, connections, reinstall, I can see many people are facing the same issue...Kindly look into this issue and fix this ASAP.
This app is not even RECOGNIZING my chromecast device. It goes through, and then it will work for 3 minutes. And then WHAM I have to RESTART my chromecast to factory setting and start all over again.
For casting functions... Allow direct connection between device and unit (like through wi-fi-direct) vs. forcing both devices to connect through a separate AP (this limits the usefulness of Chomecast). For Google Home product it doesn't recognized I have 2 Google IDs and when asking for a command it should ask what account to use. "Find my phone" is a great command but if it is using the wrong account then it is useless.
Should have the shopping list directly in the app rather than forwarding you to a browser. Another the feature would be to be able to shorten the Google home responses. It is pretty annoying to get long responses every time.
I cannot see the option to pair my google home speakers to Bluetooth. Multiple tutorials online show you where to go. Under devices in the home app I just see the option to unlink my google speaker but I can't modify anything else. Frustrating to say the least.
Finally Chromecast app firmware update fixed a lot of problems and works close to flawless. Needs a bit more tweaking to get the rest of the kinks worked out but I'm more than satisfied now that it isn't riddled with problems and glitches anymore. Only wish it allowed to stream Amazon Prime Video.
Various crashes and device not connecting. Happens too often. Edit: latest update massively buggy. Can't cast more than once. Pixel 2 so this really should not happen.
This app will not work with galaxy s7 or s8. Worked fine with my s5. I get the message that my "device is not optimized for viewing". Connects, but freezes immediately and then disconnects.
Something broke Chromecast functionality, Chromecasts were connected to network with pictures scrolling and I was able to reboot them from this app, but unable to cast. Tried deleteing them and factory resetting them and re-addeding them but it says name is taken, finish setup with new name and still can't cast, and now have duplicate devices.
My device lasted just 10 days. Today, it suddenly stopped connecting to the wifi network. My router is showing cc as connected but I cannot cast anything. Have tried all troubleshooting procedures but to no avail. I can still change the background images, so I believe the connection is there but cannot cast. I had bought the device specially to see the World cup on TV but looks like I should have opted for a better device. Google should fix this immediately..
App don't work anymore. Are not able to see the cast button in any of the many app, it has worked fine with for years. It is not ok Google. I can set the background picture on my 2 Chromecast, that's all. Fix it.
Completely stopped working today, June 27 and I have total 3 chromecast devices connected in my home and at work. Google seriously messed up an update.
Moved from vacation home to home, and now Netflix not working with chromecast. Very disappointing! Google's response below providing contact info for help: I wrote a detailed description of the problem to the email address provided, and got the response that the address does not take email! All other apps work with Chromecast except Netflix, but of course that is one of the most used apps.
Was great now absolutely useless. No longer recognises any devices and you have to reset it and reinstall the app each time to get it to work. Plus the app won't even allow my partner to sign in on her P10 lite. Just pathetic.
App was working fine up until today where it has just stopped casting. Have turned off router and chromecast from the wall. Still not working! Have uninstalled and reinstalled the app and still not working. Waste of time!
b'Why cast screen is not supported for my phone type samsung A8+, A730F/DS ? Please fix and update. I need this cast screen feature so bad ???? Now already fixed. Works great ! Thx google ????'
Voice recognition is great, but often doesn't understand the simplest of tasks. Works great one day, but the next it doesn't understand the same command. Surely Google could do better easily but too busy trying to monetize the tech
Google Assistant is great except she needs a cooler name than the ultra corporate dorky "Google Assistant". Why there isn't a plugin to allow you to rename her, I'll never know.
Crashes every 5-30 seconds of use. Use Amazon Alexa instead! I have never had the app crash in me once in the years that I have used it.
Since This Morning I Can't Cast Anything Coz There's No Cast Icon. It installed an Update when I First Attempted to Reboot The TV. Ofcourse I Tried Factory Reset Afterwards. Still Problem Persists. Google Developers Please Fix This. I You Can't allow Interruption to my Chromecast Experience. It Was Awesome.
Just wanted to update my review and say this is app is still terrible. It's constantly disconnecting. How is it that a cheap speaker stays connected better than a GOOGLE speaker! Is it the software or hardware? Fix it! And I have a PIXEL! It should work flawlessly on Google hardware! I regret spending all this money on Google hardware.
Spotify is unreliable and no troubleshooting I do seems to fix it. Can't relink my Spotify account ether now so now I can't use Spotify at all on my google home
System is worse then when I first got it. I use to set alarms to wake me up, but now when alarms are set I hear absolutely nothing, you can not trust this system will ever work for you.
Too many issues syncing up devices. Even when on same WiFi, it isn't recognizing compatible devices for mirroring, even though the Chromecast is picked up. Maybe because it's first gen but that shouldn't matter. no updates available.
Chromecast needs ability to display screen at all times, want to plug in my mouse to my phone, switch on cast and play a game, but no, has to be locked to "supported apps". Ie companies that pay advertising contracts to you are allowed to be supported. Nothing else. Your almost Apple, the appeal of Google WAS the open ability of it!
They fixed the glitch pretty quickly. However I spent ages trying to fix it myself as it initially looked like it was my issue. Maybe a better way of notifying people of issues. Otherwise an excellent device and streaming experience.
Failed Alexa emulator with Microsoft-level of support. Devices now inexplicably bricked thanks too failed software updates. Making the half-assed Bluetooth speaker functionality (literally the only thing it was halfway decent at doing) void and null. Do yourself a favor and buy the Alexa if you want a home assistant. Google products may have the Flash and glamour but it's software makes Microsoft look good!
Seems like Chromecast can't cast anything at all. I did numerous reboot, reset and reconnected yet unable to cast. Please assist.
I can't get anything to work since we had the nbn connection a couple of days ago. I'm not technical and its so frustrating.I am ready to throw the bloody thing out of the window. Really really pissed off!!!!!!!!
Worked fine until latest upgrade, now it will only cast from tab when it feels like it,it is fine with home mini. I have tried another tab and its the same,so it must be a compatability problem.
I'd like to know when new updates will be available in Canada. Seems a shame to have to wait along time for things and new products to come from the USA
Couldn't figure out how to make it work with my smart tv. Confusing and vague instructions written by a programmer instead of a user.
Randomly drops chromecasting from netflix/hulu. No amount of rebooting seems to fix the problem and it eventually starts working again. Other than that, it's great.
suddenly today on 27/6/2018 all of my apps stopped showing cast icon, from all my devices. Tried rebooting, removing special symbols from device names. But no luck. Haven't even used it for an year. The back drop is connected to internet, slideshow is working, my device.
This junk stopped working for no good reason. Plus hear you hippy morons pulled out of maven. Probably a good thing since you write such crappy code.
This app is let down by two things. I can't use wifi that has a sign in page and Spotify playback is quite buggy.
I purchased cromecast with lot of fan fair...but off late Amazon fire stick is improving very fast through it's app prime video.... sorry to say Google you are lacking behind... in the resent few weeks many of my friends have shifted to Fire stick.... Google team buckup fast to catch up your competition... or else you will loss the market for sure.
On chromecast device and YouTube app, videos are added to a queue for playback. After pausing for around 15 to 20 minutes and all the videos automatically disappear, this means I have to search the videos that I want and add them again which is so time wasting. This happens all the time!
Both my chromecasts are connected but my other one doesnt show. I have rebooted it multiple time and also reconnected it multiple times. Annoying!
Stopped working on June 27... looks like a lot of people experienced the same thing basing on forums and reviews here in google play. No updates being released on how to fix.
Casting stopped working. Tried a fresh install and nothing. It detects devices and even syncs up with the TV when chromecast is on standby showing slide shows. The option to cast appears but nothing happens when I click it.
Like others, since 26th of June chromecast didn't work. The device is connect and I can change basic options like the name but I can't cast my device from GoogleHome and the button to cast had disappeared for every app.
Wasted my time for all sorts of troubleshooting and just knowing someone from google dev team messed it up. Unbelievable!
All was great until 27 June 2018 when suddenly I cannot cast anything from any of my 3 mobile devices to any of my chromecasts despite restarting the router and doing factory resets to the chromecast and also restarting my phone. Google home shows the backdrops as per the chromecast, but I can't cast anything from any app. HELP!
Apparently Google has the power and capacity to CONTROL when we get to cast on TV. Today, June 27, 2018 a deluge of complaints happened here on the reviews at a Global scale about the missing cast icon - despite best troubleshooting efforts. And google knew - all hotlines internationally were busy forever (some waited for 4 hours). Users would have appreciated a warning. At least that! At this day and age there's no point varnishing your hiccups.
ChromeUltra, I connect to NBN via Archer D9 modem. Router login and password max 15 characters. Add all device Mac addresses to Modem Access Control and Mac Filter whitelist. Once connected you can turn-off device Location. Awesome. Dropouts Solution: Try these choices to fix issue. 1) Smarthome gadgets re-activate device Location. 2) ** Goto modem settings, then whitelists above mentioned and press save again, then wait 10 secs. A reboot maybe required. 3) Open app / Settings menu / Account peferences / Clear location / Clear wi-fi / Clear history and re-run setup. 4) Delete the Cache and Data under your Mobile or Tablet device settings and re-run setup. Stryker's Lounge | +BJHutton
After working great for a long time, last update completely stopped it from working. Application will not launch, unable to cast to any of my chrome casts. No solutions for this on home website, please fix. Update: Home app is working great. way better than when I last reviewed.
Apart from the outage that made me choose one star, the developers seem to fix this quickly. So I will re-rate back to the 5 stars - especially for Chromecast.
I greatly like the interface and the animations, my complaint is in regards to functionality between a chromecast device and its operating system and this software. We use these devices for traveling presentations and many times we have a Hotspot, but there is no cellular service. We greatly need the ability to cast local media without being connected to the Internet. It should be possible to at least cast the device display regardless of if any other features are available. This problem also occurs when the Internet at our apartment goes down, we are still connected to the LAN and I feel that it should be possible to implement an "offline cast" feature for screen mirroring of locally stored content.
Not sure what happened from the last update but now Google Home mini is STRUGGLING to understand anything I throw at it! On top of that I can't even get it to play music by voice search as it doesn't allow me to select Play Music or play music from YouTube. Please fix Google!
Yesterday i can cast to my tv but today i can not. I tried reinstall and same. I cannot see the cast symbol on my phone apps. From the other users comment this june 2018 they have same problems. What's going on google?
Don't know why it doesn't play Sonu Nigam songs. It says Sonu Nigam isn't available in your area. I know he lives in Mumbai, but his songs can surely be played elsewhere!!!
I don't know if there's been an update in the past hours, but we never had ads when casting with google chrome cast before today. I must admit I'm a little bugged about this. Other than that, we've been using the app/chrome cast for a few years and we love it. But, ugh... Ads....
STILL Intermittently working after your update.. Keep trying I'm sure you will get it right..or not.wow Google must have moved their support to another country... Attention people who are having issues with no cast icon appearing. Chromecast stopped working (1st and 2nd generation devices) on two different isps and 3 different devices. After 4 hours of self troubleshooting (because you have no support) I finally figured out the issue why the Chromecast devices were not connecting to any wireless networks.. It was your software..I uninstalled it and reinstalled it. Your updates should be checked before being released or quality checked on occasion. You might want to tell ppl about this because there must be thousands of frustrated ppl out there right now.. ridiculous support. Fail.
So I bought my google home july 1st of 2017 keep in mind I have never had the slightest error or malfunction with mine up until 8 days ago I decided to unlink my device from my google home to see if it would fix a music error. But now I am unable to relink my account the setup is no problem but when I go to connect to wifi it fails saying I need to disable the ap isolation on my wifi router. What is this garbage. I'm sorry but people should not have to accommodate our wifi to fit your product. I did not pay over 100 dollars for this not to work. FIX THIS!!
After previous update not able to sign in due to "This account already exists on your device" problem. Also Chromecast button missing in C more and Yle Areena apps. Clearing cache and data from Google Play Services and Google Play Store seems to have helped, for now.
If only the thing could stay connected to the damn thing I wouldn't be so annoyed. Like have the app actually work before releasing it
It's easier to get Bluetooth to work than use a brand new pixel 2 with Chromecast to my TV. So many bugs, and disconnecting after your phone's been locked. No where near as good as I thought it would be, and basically unplugged my mini speaker as got sick of it ignoring me and disconnecting all the time. Be great if it did everything promised but when using only Google made things and it's still not compatible it's just badly made.
This app used to be quite nice, until the update. The settings that was available seemed to have disappeared. Among other things, Netflix will not find my Chromecast. This app needs to be updated.
As mentioned by most users me too facing the same error from 27 June 2018 of not being able to Cast videos from my phone to Chromecast. Request quick action by Google.
I am unable to use my Google chrome cast device from 26-05-2018 it's not connecting I did all setting like reboot ,reset , change WiFi connection but still it not connecting. Plz help becous I m using this Google chrome cast last 1 yr but I am not face any issue but now it's very disappointed to me.
All of a sudden from today afternoon (27/06/18) I am unable to cast anything on my tv screen ...the Chromecast icon in all apps supporting Chromecast has all of a sudden disappeared..I tried everything..plug unplug every single device ..I rebooted so mny times; installed and uninstalled and again reinstalled this app several times..but to no avail. Please do fix this Google asap..it's pathetic!
Used this app for years until the latest update.. now I can't cast anything at all. Tried all the reset tips I could find but nothing works. The most annoying thing is my Chromecast clearly connects to my WiFi and phone as the wallpaper changes and I can change the name. Fix this NOW Google!
It's not casting, knocking off the Chromecast from the network. Now casting without this software. Wasted half an hour working this out
Pixel2 can't find my Chromecast, but my htc phone and LG tablet have no problem. You would think 2 Google products would work together without any issues
No longer shows what's playing on any of my home devices. Also, Please add volume control to notification shade. Right now can only mute when casting Spotify to a Google home. Super annoying. How is this not a super basic use case?
What exactly are you updating? That generic "What's New" description is very vague, and a sign of laziness. You really should be more informative... Lead by example!
With the latest upgrade it no longer detects the account already configured on my mobile. When I try to add my account it tells me it is already defined on my mobile. Hence I am not able to get through the status of the app and hence I am.no longer able to use it!
I liked this app but found it odd that it's the main Chromecast app. I wish Google home would merge with Google search app and assistant. Parts of the Google ai seem scattered, lens is in photos and assistant but not search.
Stopped being able to cast, wasted too much time trying to get it to work. Only to find out that everyone seems to be having the same issue. This is a joke.
I used it 2 or 3 times. Now unable to get any reply. It's simply says " sorry, something went wrong try again in few second"
Wow... Look at all these reviews thanks to your last update! What a joke. We all have been using chromecast for a number of years now with no problems, and in one swift kick to the nuts you have cut us all off of our regular viewing. We have paid for a service, and you are now failing to provide the service we paid for. Maybe we should start a class action suit with the ACCC and see how many fines we can have imposed on Google. Maybe major television providers will jump on board also considering they are losing vast amounts of revenue, because their ads are not reaching their target market and could possibly result in loss of income? Google... You have failed us all one too many times. I am currently looking for an alternative to using your service, but in the mean time.....get it fixed!
The device is working properly and is showing connected to wifi. Background pics also showing,but all of a sudden the casting icon not getting on any apps since 26.6.2018
It's a neat concept, but there is very little support for products..the constant updates and changes to the system cause a new issue with every other "supported product"..if you have an older model of Chromecast they just tell you to spend twice what you paid to get the newest version..
I was able to use it for 10 hours then it uninstalled & wouldn't re-install. Waste of time & money.
Chromecast was working well until a few hours ago. We have 2, neither show up on devices after numerous reboots and rebooting the router. Puzzling!
It works fine until today. I cannot cast anything through it. My Google Home device said that my device experiencing somekind of glitch. Please google can release the patch ASAP
Since the latest update it's killed my Chromecast, can't cast anything to my TV anymore since this morning 27.06.2018. Going to have to return it for a fire stick
With the last update I have to redownload the app after I had eliminated to be able to recast again on my TV after an hard reset... So many troubles with the last update... Please more attention in the future!!!
Never have I used a worse app. It doesn't even make sense why a huge company can't even get a simple app to work. For years this app has been unpredictable and faulty and it never gets fixed. It keeps lagging or disconecting or going out of sync. Has never worked right on any phone or tablet, on any of the 3 chrome casts my family own and no matter how many times I reinstall or update. I payed good money for a Chrome cast device to be able to use this with google home and it rarely works. Why is it that other cast apps work fine with the chrome cast but not the app made for the device. If you want a reliable app stay away from this until someone gets it sorted but don't hold your breath. I've been waiting almost 10 years. There are so many other apps that are free that seem to work perfectly. And I can't get any response from google. Also the worste CS I have ever experienced.
Since updating my Android yesterday I'm no longer able to cast anything to my tv other than Netflix. This is not acceptable from google to release a software update which doesn't support all of your platforms. Very very annoyed.
Meh, but I have a problem with the more settings button. It won't let me go to more settings. Help me and I'll give 5 stars
This application once activated, does not close down on the TV side, therefore if you try to activate it again, it won't work. Also the phone still active as you would be watching it, for as long as you cast your show or picture, causing the phone to get hot! That sucks! Google stuff!
Giving 3 stars bcoz i'm not able to connect google home product to my Panasonic viera smart tv. Please help me with it. Otherwise app is good
Good app to connect/manage your Google Chromecast. Sometimes it gives some trouble to connect devices to Chromecast. Restarting the app usually solve the problem.
Received a firmware update on my Chromecast gen 2 today and since then the cast button is missing from all apps. Also the Chromecast can't be found when trying to cast my phones screen to my Chromecast. However the home app sees the Chromecast just fine and the time, weather and backdrop are all working and updating as usual.
Just stopped working. Says no device found. It shows my screen saver but can't find the device. So much for a Movie. Trouble shooting over an hour COMPLETE STRESS
Working okay til today just like everyone else here. Hope you can fix it soon. Good luck, Devs! I will edit this once fixed.
All of a sudden cant cast worked for years , all same network , reset all devices , connected to tv with backdrop chaging, seems many people same issues last few days. Please fix
Cast suddenly not available for all apps on all my devices. Restarted chromecast, restarted router, restarted all devices, factory reset chromecast all did not work. Chromecast can be seen in Google Home device list but even screenshare cant see chromecast.
Today my Chromecast has stopped working..had to double check if it got burnt or something. Good to know that everyone is facing the samr problem
Problem with both of my devices, Chromecast 2 and Chromecast Audio,no possibility to cast any app... It's easier now when I read other comments about same issue.
For the past several months, I cannot cast. I have a Google home, Chromecast, AND a Google Pixel...just keeps telling me I need an update, but there is NEVER an update...come on Google, it's all your devices, they should at least function together properly. Very disappointed in all of Google's smart devices at this point, I wanted so badly for them to be good as I used to really like Google, thus wanting to support them.
It was working and now nothing! The tv and my phone are both on the same network AND I have tried all the troubleshooting possible. Still, Nothing. Huge disappointment. Not surprised but you'd think it would work
I really like my chromecast but lately I've been having issues connecting with it. It doesn't even show as an option to cast to my TV seems like other users are having the same issue please fix.
After the update Chromecast option has disappeared from all my apps. Home is stuck at "not been set up yet". Using voice commands on Google assistant from my android doesn't control it either.
The worst experience I ever had with Google product. Device is connected through Bluetooth but there is no option for managing the voice. And for set up takes long steps.
Today both my Google Home & my mini assistant stated there was a glitch & now my Google home keeps stating it isn't set up yet. I've tried rebooting, uninstalling & reinstalling Google Home App & nothing....
Something wrong with your latest update. Cant cast anything right now...... GOOGLE PLEASE DO SOMETHING
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS UPDATE!! as soon as I updated to the latest version my chromecast stopped working and I can no longer cast to my TV from my phone. Absolute rubbish. You need to fix this problem google.
It keeps dropping the cards for all of my devices except for living room TV. I'm trying to change my Google Home to night mode, but can't because it's showing up as a linked device and the only thing I can do is unlink it. What gives?
Can't cast anymore for whatever reason..... upgrade getting worst... now made my chromecast useless!
Was great until today 27th June. Now cant cast from any of my devices not even from the Netflix app directly. Really annoyed. What the hell have you done with this app.
Nice app. I am able to control Chromecasts and many other IoTs through this app's account controls. I haven't seen a single issue to whinge about and I love how I cam control Google WiFi. Good work team.
It was working fill yesterday. But stopped today saying google home is not setup. Tried rebooting several times, reinstalled the app on my mobile and reset factory setting as well but of no use.
Suddenly stopped working on the 27th of the 6th. I'm getting the backdrop but when I try to cast it says it can't find the device. I've reboot my router phone and factory reset the Chromecast and its still not working
Such a useless app. No other feature on the app is working on my Samsung S6 other than the chromecast feature... Everytime I click on 'Home Control' it just takes me back to Home Screen. So I am unable to add any device to control via the Google Home Speaker...
The app needs a widget to control your media. Volume/next track/play/pause or even better, a default override of the volume rocker on the handset so I don't lift the volume of my ringtone when trying to turn the music up
It's not been a month and I cannot cast any more I am able to setup suddenly internet connection on chromecast is getting disconnected and I cannot cast. Any more
The app has stopped recognizing my chrome cast device, mirroring and apps with casting support. Nothing will work even after un/reinstall.
b"It works quite well. But i'm worried about the fact that the app does not provide an mobile data connection, because with an hotspot towards the device it might just work out fine too. So i'm asking you to fix this non-near-term lack of your app. Kind regards \xd4\xbc\xd5\xab\xd5\xb6\xd6\x85\xd5\xaf\xd6\x85\xd6\x83\xd6\x83\xd5\xa7"
This is the worst, most difficult product to use. If it were possible, I would give it minus 100.
M Chromecast has been a constant pain and now I can't see the device in any of my machines. The troubleshooter in this app is pure junk. Asks you to do the bloody obvious and conclusion is, it needs support from their support team. It's a very simple device and they struggle to get this right.
No longer works. Did everything possible including factory reset twice. Shows connected but no devices will connect any longer. This is a 1st generation Chromecast thathas worled for at least a few years until now. Edit: And then it started magically working again.
Works great but I'm not impressed with the messy applications Google created. Google Home and Assistant and Express look like apps from 3 different developers and why do I need to have separate Assistant and home. Android version and Apple version are different. No purchases or reservations on iOS, no selection of voices in Google Assistant and then there is intriguing "continuous conversation" option which is available on iOS but but not on Android.
Constantly disconnecting, doesnt remember or allow connections to device 1 foot from it. Only works half the time. I have no issues with wifi just this app and the dumb device
The app was working just fine before your last update. I have a JBL link that is Google home compatible that was working just fine but no longer works it seems your app cannot find it and now my expensive speaker that I bought to use with my Google Play Music it's just sits on my table worthless. And my Chromecast is right in front of me and it won't even detect it. Good job at screwing something up Google I would expect this from Yahoo
Works great. Straight forward to use.. The only downfall is. The morning news pod casts are different volumes! I'm forever turning them up or down.
Obviously needed if you have a Google Home or Chromecaster. Works well. Updates seem to improve things. I imagine I'll like this app even more in the future.
Easy to set up but why doesn't this work better within the Google ecosystem? All of my lists are on the Keep app and Home refuses to interface with it.
Can't find my Google home device on settings anymore? Just tells me to check my connections. There is connection, I can cast music to the Google Home device and anything else.
You changed your app and broke it. Requesting a call back from tec support shouldn't be a call with over an hour and a half of hold before you can speak (that's if you were ever going to pick up)
yesterday it work fine..but today suddenly the chromecast icon dissapear.. cant play youtube,netflix and other apps.. i reset the chromecast, and my router, it connect on my wifi but cant play anything except the slideshow google picture .. please fix it fast..
Something happened. I lost Chromecast. I can change backdrop settings, and it seems like I'm connected, but I can't cast anything to the Chromecast. The cast symbol is gone in the app. Even the cast function on my tablet don't find the Chromecast. Worked fine until 4th of June... Tried reset, reboot... Even on different phones\tablets and OS.
I used to like Chromecast but I just did one of the 17,000 updates Google requires per week for things to work correctly and now Chromecast does not work in any way shape or form other than that it shows the pictures on my TV. My phone cannot find Chromecast to connect for mirroring or casting from the Google home application or any other application that usually has a Cast icon
All of a sudden it says I need an update to connect to my tv (which it's been connected to just fine). Only problem is my app is completely up to date.
Fix the Philips hue integration! My very expensive smart lights are now dumb and have to be used like normal lights because the home app doesn't see them despite saying it successfuly added them!
I've been trying to install this chromecast to my laptop for the past month and can't do it. It's on my phone but, I don't have data on my phone. It says you can install on a laptop so why doesn't work. PLEASE HELP.
Phone integration needs a lot of improvement. Many menu interfaces do not work correctly or at all. There are issues interacting with Google Assistant menu features, i.e nothing happens when I press any of the Google Assistant menus or drop down features.
I have loved my Chromecast up until now. In the app it tells me I'm connected but will no give me any option to cast.
Yesterday it was working fine... But today i don't know what happen, it stops casting any video or audio.... Please resolve the issue asap.
b'Back to 5 stars... Its working again now after app problems were solved ?? Thanks Google Chromecast! ??????????'
Suddenly all my devices can't cast YouTube, Photos (Cast button not available). All devices connected to one wifi, Only Google Home app able to access Chromecast. But when I restart Chromecast via Google Home cast button visible on youtube but button text is "nearly devices" instead name of my Chromecast.
So far so good. Although some annoying streaming of wrong albums, like piano version of The Greatest Showman. I wish you could attach albums from Spotify to shortcuts so it gets the right album/song.
Trying to complete with Amazon Echo, both are behind the Echo and the app. At this point can't say I'm happy with either. Google has some catching up to do.
the setup process fails the device never gets pasty I haven't been set up yet phrase but appears in the devices list saying just say hey Google
The new version has so many bugs. For example I can not change my google assistant setting. I can only browse some music using this app.
Chromecast is an insult, I do not feel like using my cellphone and/or laptop as medium to push to my TV. I am going to return both chromecast devices and buy Amazon Fire or Roku. Google Chromecast get out of the streaming business!!!!!
Since last android update, i can no longer cast on my chromecast 1. I cant see it (chrome see it thought), the app does not let me scan or any any new devices anymore...
Everything's great untill this evening, It maybe not Google home's fault but suddenly Chromecast icon disappeared from all apps(made by Google). Google Home can still connect with my Chromecast 2 (backdrop showing, resettable) but it cannot cast my screen, kept saying can't find the Chromecast.
PLEASE FIX IT YOUTUBE NETFLIX NONE OF THOSES APPS CAN FIND MY DEVICE I SEE THERES ALOT OF PEOPLE WITH THE SAME PROBLEM FIX IT PLEASE
Cheating. After I tried so many times my WiFi network name not listed. It said that your device is not compatible. No proper suggestionsf for such problems. Still now I am waiting.
Everything was fine today suddenly cast icon gone missing in youtube and every app which has chromecast enabled support.please help please fix this getting probpem please help,I have tried everytthing from rebooting the chromecast to rebooting my wifi router and my android device and chromecast are connected to same wifi network.still no chromecast button
Like everyone else..cannot cast from my phone to the TV since the new update. We don't have cable so this is how we watch TV. Fix this fast!
Can't play Spotify on my home mini. Tried unlink and relink spotify , rebooting the mini does not fix the issue. Loving all my echo devices!
Only recently i purchased Chromecast and loaded everything as was shown on the cover box. Everything went well for few weeks and now am just not able to cast my cell to my tv. Please do the needful.
It won't work with Chromecast anymore. I said this like a year ago. Now I see other reviews saying the same. Have you even tried to fix it?
Iam indonesian.. my chromecast stop working!! You make my baby cry out loud!!! What happen?? Why all stop working all of sudden... dont fix what dont break... if it possible to give you no stars, i consider it now!!
Completely stopped working. Rebooted connected devices, rebooted Chromecast, rebooted router, factory reset Chromecast, and it will still not allow my Chromecast to cast.
This app keeps losing connection with IKEA tradfri smart bulbs. One day all bulbs are assigned to specific rooms without any problems and another day Google tells me that the lights have not been set yet.
Its ok but something is missing like calls messages, shopping etc for that i have to purchase Alexa .. It's nothing but assistant in mobile phone nothing new added...
App has been great but doesn't work anymore (possibly related to android/app updates). Have factory reset chromecast and wifi, but no joy. Can't cast anything and have tried reseting everything to no joy
Update has removed the ability to cast from YouTube and Google Play Music and all other apps. Now useless.
Since the latest update, I can't seem to control the volume of my cast audio devices from the app. This was one of the main things I used this app for... Could you please look into it?
Damn, Was Relying on This app to cast Music and Videos by Audio & Video Chromecast and It Just Stopped working, It is Annoying and You guys didn't correct it so far??
Suddenly not able to cast anything! Says no comparable device found. Though I can reboot and even resetup the device
Stopped working. Cast button disappeared from all apps. Can't mirror my mobile. It was working well before. Backdrop is working fine. Also can change settings with mobile. But unable to cast.
This app seems to be getting worse. For example, the Home Control screen has disappeared. Reinstalling the App, a problem in itself, momentarily corrected this issue. Now, none of the links on the main screen to the other screens seem to be working!
The app itself is fine however the cast option from your phone to the screen does not work. I have a Toshiba Chromecast and the cast of the Google home is supposed to mirror what I have on my phone however it has no audio I cannot hear anything when I cast on my phone
Overall good but it doesn't truly shuffle songs on Spotify. I can shuffle them on my phone and then start playing on the speaker and it switches to only recently downloaded songs
b'Be great if it worked. Only audio casts to the tv no image. Apparently my $900 Galaxy Note 8 isn\'t "compatible" with the app, but my friend is sitting here on a damn $30 prepaid Virgin Mobile phone casting seamlessly to my television. ??????'
Suddenly it's not showing the cast option in any app though it was connected to same Wi-Fi and the back drop is also same in mobile and TV but still not working. Previously it was too good since 1 year I'm using this.
I think it's pathetic that because of the differences between Google and Amazon customers have to suffer! Do I have to spend on a fire stick just to see prime on my TV? Not fair
The app was great Untill the last upgrade now even can't setup my Google home mini tried contacting support but no answers from there too go for Amazon Alexa they are far better with their services
Seriously, not good testing if users are reporting total Chromecast failure all of a sudden. What did the update do? Bug fix or bug introduction?? Pretty bad.
After the lastest update I am upable to cast anything! Frustrating
No longer work. When your software updates brick everything and a multi million dollar company cannot even do some integration testing
You failed big time with this. Oh and BBC Iplayer... Listed. As a. Compatible app, but BBC iplayer doesn't even function on recent Android releases.
Im having the same problem as everyone else is since the last update, this app is seeing both my chromecasts and allowing me to reboot but the cast option is now missing from YouTube Netflix stan and every other app that streams.. !
Broken. I have one of the original chromecasts and one of the new ones. The original one is working fine. The new cannot be casted to anymore. Fix Google Home connectivity issue please.
The app is amazing when it works, but it doesn't work at all these days. It opens, freezes, and then crashes.
Last up date has killed it home control not working music apps play nothing and always have to repeat everything
latest update is broken on all my devices. Unable to access any functions from the menu like home control, shopping list , more settings etc.
Chromecast makes streaming to a TV easy. Some apps works really badly, but I blame that on the apps, not chromecast.
It is bad because I could connect it before and now I can't because my internet is not there and now I have to manual out it in and now it stuck on connecting and then not connects and tells me if a got the right password.
I am unable to cast anything after 26 June on Chromecast I don't know what happened Google should fix these or I will switch to Amazon fire stick I want it working by tomorrow or you will lose your coustmer.
Does not work anymore to cast any apps to tv inc YouTube from my phone. As i can see from recent reviews, im not the only one. fix it ASAP!!!
My Google Home Mini was working fine till yesterday, but from morning the only thing my device can do is telling me "SOMETHING WENT WRONG. PLEASE TRY AGAIN IN FEW SECOND" or "THERE WAS A GLITCH. TRY AGAIN IN FEW SECONDS." Google please fix this ASAP.
I'm Not Sure What is Going On With Chromecast The Past Few Days But as I'm Using It It Just Stops working I have To reboot It Atleast 5 times and The Show I'm Watching is Only 47 min Long. I've Had to reboot It 4 times And I'm Not Even Half way through The Show.. PLEASE FIX THE BUGS
Its really useful, but the voice match doesn't works... So I can't set a reminder or an event. I wish that an update will come out in not to long.
b"Discovered the app by way of my Chromecast which I love so much I've purchased 5 for my ONE tv (long story I won't bore you guys with). It's great ??"
Having used both alexa and Google assistant. I find Google assistant so much worse. So many problems. I will be selling my google homes to my an echo
I love Google home just a shame we can't set music alarm unlike others out there and like the USA it's not fair
Very annoying doesnt recognise voice. Alexa has 7 mics bt it has only one. It makes people angry. I have to shout in order make her listen.
It was working well and then overnight has stopped liked so many others in the reviews. C'mon google such a huge company and you cant find a fix!!!!!
Please fix it ASAP After updating google home apps, won't able to cast. Reboot router & factory reset doesnt solve anything.
So bad can't cast anything on my tv! It was working fine yesterday and now it doesn't. Tired of it!
Works for a short while then disconnects or its stop start then plays then cuts off. Bit of a pain really. Not long ago I had to sort out and now having to do it all over again
App is a great thing but the last few days it refuses to either configure or even work. Constantly tells me there's a glitch and nothing in trouble shooting is useful.
Every time there is a smart car driving by the house the images get broken up in the sound get I have no idea what is going on with chrome cast nothing of your suggestion work
It was working great and I loved it...for some reason today it will not cast anything...won't even mirror the screen ...I've tried three different phones...I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app...I've rebooted the Chromecast...I've power cycled all the phones...it's connected to the Chromecast but will not cast anything at all
Doesn't work on Huawei honor6a. Asks add account then tells you account already exists and you can't go any further. Worked fine fine on Xperia z3. Please fix Huawei or Google
I love casting. But why can't I cast to me PC this should be really simple. Going from PixelXL to latest Windows 10. Just can't do it arggggggggg
chromecast stopped working... i thought its from my side.. but when checked other comments, its from google side.. so please fix it asap
It was working fine till today but after an update on the chromecast can't cast at all, Tried everything factory reset, router restart etc. Nothing seems to be working. Google Please help
b'LG V30 running Nougat. Runs flawlessly on my V30. Many great and fun features. I especially like the mirror - cast feature that allows your display from your cell to be cast on your T. V. screen! Thanks Google for this fine application! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
After the last update it no longer works, I've tried everything and still nothing. DO NOT INSTALL. Waste of time and money in buying the chromecast
Suddenly stopped working. Unable to cast anything anymore. Tried rebooting and factory reset but still not working. Extremely disappointed and annoyed. Fix this problem!
The app freezes, usually after a minute or so of casting, if it even casts in the first place. It didn't work after rebooting, and doesn't work after updating the app. Very disappointing.
The Google mini requires one to use WiFi without password to work. How anyone can have WiFi without security password especially in apartments. Total waste of money.
Stopped working as of 28th June 2018.... Was working fine until now... Can't cast anything as there is no icon but it says connected....
I can't open anything in the menu. My devices are going crazy. Please fix before my heating hits 200 degrees.
Was working until the latest update. Now I can't even cast using the app. Chromecast has become unusable at the moment because of this.
Chromecast had stop working. Chromecast Icon had stop showing and I can't connect all my apps like netflix and etc. I did try rebooting it but it doesn't work. Please fix this issue ASAP..
Why do these devices controlled by home need internet access? It's crazy that you can't cast to your Chromecast without internet access. Today it seems like most of the world can't use their Chromecast because Google screwed something on their network... This is nuts.
My Chromecast ultra and 2nd generation was working fine but suddenly stopped The error I get now says "this chromecast was manufactured for a different country,and may not be compatible with your wi-fi network". I haven't changed a thing, just suddenly stopped working. I tried all troubleshooting steps please find a solution for me I just bought the devices two days ago
b"Works ok, but with maddening frustrations. Phone responds when I'm stood right next to my Google Home. Not to mention the fact that often a Home in an entirely different room responds when I'm stood right next to the one in my kitchen ??"
I'm not able to link Spotify to Google home mini. It's Spotify premium and I've tried contacting Google home customer support but no help.
I used to be able to cast all kinds of things to my 3 chromecast devices, now I can't even find how to connect to them. Why break what was working fine?
The app is completely unusable as it doesn't allow me to cast without an update that doesn't actually exist. Fix the bug and it will be a lot more useful.
Now every smart device in my house automatically connects to the TV, when I want people to be able to watch whatever they want on their own tablet or phone. now they're muting and stopping what I'm watching on TV. Which was all fun and games until it was basketball.
App will not start on P20 pro. Just keeps saying that my Google account is already on my phone, then nothing.
From today onwards my Chromecast stopped casting and I want Google to find out the root cause ASAP as I need it urgently
Constant crashes since the last update. Assistant cannot play music or Netflix via voice command (basically defeating the point of voice command). I am constantly told "sorry something went wrong, try again later". Poor form Google, I now have $200 in Google branded paper weights. Thanks.
Was going OK. But now won't let me sign in. Can't access shopping list. Can't use the 3 Google homes or 2 chrome casts I have. I'm pretty upset to be honest.
The latest update has made the app experience miserable . Cannot cast a single app or any video either form my phone or my laptop. Really awful update rolled out by Google.
Haven't been able to use my chromecast for the last couple of weeks. YouTube and Netflix can't see it and the Google home app can't detect it either.
This was the worst update google has ever had. I finally got Chromecast working and they switch to this trash, now nothing works I can't cast to anything.
It's not allowing me to cast I have rebooted the device, completed a FR of it, uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and it still isn't allowing me to cast. Please fix this issue! Thank you!
Stopped working since last update. Can't detect any devices on S8+ but these can be found on pixel.
Again Cast icon has disappeared from all my devices so can't cast iPlayer, YouTube etc
Latest update jyst killed casting.. making this app useless. ORIGINAL REVIEW: Does not work well with latest version of android-oreo. It cannot find my device about 50% of the time forcing me to fumble around and see what works... which usually involves a reboot
FFS! Last update has killed Chromecast to most apps! Did you test on Samsung galaxy s8+? Fix asap please!
I LOVE my chromecast. It with my Google home is the most stimulating thing to do at home. I get to watch high definition movies on websites and it plays music too!
Like so many others here, my apps all lost the 'cast' icon today. Please fix this asap or I'll be returning my (currently useless) chromecast.
Absolutely no problems on my end, works flawlessly with my phone, tablet and laptop. Just to be able watch YouTube music videos and concerts on my TV makes it worth it. Thanks Google!
Annoyed!! I rely on this app to cast Stan and Netflix etc but all of a sudden it's not working. Tried everything to troubleshoot, home app works and is on network etc but lost all casting... Fix it!!
Ever since your latest update, chromecast can't find my device & yes, i did all recommended troubleshooting numerous times, why did you change youtube & chromecast, it worked perfect b4 & now I'm just getting pissed & frustrated!!!
new update make me unable to cast content from every app to android tv. cast icon disappear from twitch netflix iflix fb and etc.
My chromecast is not working since yesterday June/26th/18 I've tried everything, but it doesn't work anyway, I can see the background image on my screen, but the cast icon doesn't appear on my youtube, netflix accounts, I will change my star rate as soon as you fix this problem
During day yesterday did not work at all. Started working last night. Today you can cast from apps but you CANNOT cast screen/audio. Rubbish, rubbish.
Last update broke the app. Doesn't display my devices on the devices section and doesn't displays my devices in spotify but I can cast from YouTube for example
Huawei P20 with Google Home unable connect to chromecast 1st gen. Wast my time wait on setup screen. Very disappointed.
Please add underscan or screen adjust settings to Chromecast! It drives me nuts knowing I can't see the entire image when watching a video.
The Google Home Mini will not connect to my Bluetooth speaker the Nad Viso 1 yet other competitors such as the Amazon Alexa managed to straight away. I would rather use the Google Mini but I might have to return it and go back to the Alexa. In the app it searches for Bluetooth devices and yet does not find it I have tried restarting and rebooting practically everything in my household at this point and I've given up. I'll change the review if the situation changes.
I am having problems with the app. I am not able to access the items on the menu or to update the app. Frustrated that I cannot access this info on my pc. I have been searching for ways to help fix this... to no avail.
Latest update has stopped Chromecast from being recognisable by any device on the network factory reset and several troubleshooting will not resolve it fix this update please
It stopped casting today.The chromecast is setupped well and both devices are connected to the same Wi-Fi so the problem is the application itself
Not able to cast anything from my device. I did reboot and factory reset in chromecast. Still not able to find the solution
After the latest update, I'm not able to connect to my Chromecast and can't even log in. Pls help.
The app worked great until recently. Now we cannot connect to our home mini or Chromecast with any device. Checked network, updates, reset everything, uninstalled and reinstalled. Still, no luck at all.
I love this app. I was wondering if global captioning options/settings could be added for casting to a Chromecast from this app? That would be a great option.
Not able to cast anything g nor able to connect to Chromecast. Highly dejected with google standards now. What was the need to put this in market without proper testing
Like it but was hacked at motel and hD to pay200 fof used smArtphone. IPhone went fishing off. The. Ferry i take
Won't work on my Huawei P10 Lite. Says my account has been added but won't let me use it, very frustrating
after last update nothing works, except google mini no other casting devices working, this app become useless
IT DOESN'T WORK! I'm trying to connect my new Google home mini, with a freaking Google pixel 2, Google's newest phone! It doesn't SEE IT!
Screen mirroring is very poor. The app disconnects sometimes after a minute or two and at other times after a few hours. Totally unreliable and disappointing.
App crashes constantly. I have cleared cache data and reinstalled several times with the same results. My device is no longer working.
This app. SUCK'S! Keeps telling us No devices found while watching HULU. Then Google Tech. Has no ideas and blames Everyone else. It's not on my phone. And I'm getting notices
If anyone keeps getting an error saying "this account already exists on your device" , try deleting or force stopping the Google play services app and this home app and then restarting the phone. Then reinstall home and Google play services. hope it works for you guys!
The app crashes every time I go into settings for devices and come back. Someone please update this and fix this issue. It's so annoying.
The last update is a total junk,doesnt allow to screen cast anything from my mobile.doesnt even connect.you guys really need to fix this.
E ai Google agr no aparece mais o cone pra transmitir pra tv, sumiu do nada, que explicao que vcs do pra isso, gastamos um dinheiro no Chromecast pra acontecer isso. E agora eu jogo ele fora?? Espero que vcs resolvam e rpido.
All ways used chrome but today I have spent an hour trying to get it to work and now I'm giving up. I just ordered a chrome pixel book and now I so wished I did not. Apple I'm coming back
google make hell our using smart phone... more ads... hate ads
Not working just keeps saying glitch. Do not buy a Google home not worth it. I got a Google home and 2 minis none of them are working. Save your money for something that works.
The latest update always disconnected. I keep uninstall and re-install. It gets annoying. Please correct this problem.
Compete shut, won't connect to Chromecast, every other device on phone is connected and app still can't find it..
Have been using Chromecast for almost two months now .Have been facing problem lately ,all my apps do not give the option to cast any more .I cannot cast anything despite my mobile and TV being on the right network . Tried factory resets and rebooting the network but no avail .Already uninstalled and reinstalled the app almost twice on every device I use to cast Chromecast.The worst bit is that my mobile and TV communicate because of the stupid background,the only thing which I can alter from the home app .I need my Chromecast to work cause I can't work without it .... PLEASE HELP!!!....What have you done Google in your last update ........Please fix this ASAP ....You have really disappointed me Google .
Worst update ever for chromecast and home app,tv has become a picture slideslow machine.No casting options are working
I found my Chromecast using my one plus 6, but the app says it needs an update to set the Chromecast properly. It sends me back to play store, but there is no update.... So I am in a loop here
Was working for years, now stopped all of a sudden. Hope someone from Google reads these comments
App is a disgrace. Struggles to cast without lagging miserably. Vic does it better for.
It doesnt work. I can't give more than 1 star because all the time the app has problems.
It does not connect to my Chromecast to set it up I can do this by laptop and lot this app. Pretty pointless app and as website on phone doesn't work...
the worse performance ever. It was great till they fixed the bug...now more bugs...how can I cast again?
Dear Google, with a quality products like Chromecast you guys deserve a hiccup or two. Keep up the unparalleled work Google, you are the glue that keeps the world together. With love, Garet Rehling
I like the app and find the system very useful my only complaint is I can't tell my Google home to cast my Vudu and I have to keep resetting g the Chromecasts because they fall asleep and my phone can't see them.
Not able to see cast on YouTube or cast my screen. I see everyone is facing same issue as per below comments. Please fix it ASAP .........
It sucks spent 65 dollars on a piece of plastic that doesn't recognize my phone or tablet 95 percent of the time
All of a sudden you can't upload devices such as Hue lighting to Google home from reading it's in the app new software.. Google home needs to fix this
Like to see update for older firmware within your app I hope I don't hafta wait long make sure update corrects all issues not covering up current issues
Configuring this with my Google photo account should be a no-brainer but instead it's as if everything you might actually want to do is not available. Useful if you don't plan to use it.
b'I am unable to connect with by mob data whan my wifi not working this is also not working, I am feeling very ??'
Latest update removed the cast icon. Please fix this. Look at the other comments dated june 27. Totally unusable now.
All was well until today.. Can't see the cast icon on Netflix and other apps, please release a fix asap. Thanks
Lots of pain with this app. I'm on Windows 10 with an iiNet router 3 mo old. After 2 mo of downtime, I got it up last week. Now it's down again. I turned off the firewall last week, which worked to get cast device recognised on my network. I did same now, and get error message about incompatible CC version (#8), supported ver being 4 or 7. Bollocks, the Google Play Store says I have the compatible version. No choice of versions 4 or 7 in Playstore. Rebooted the cast device, same error message. Told to restart to download the correct app version > restart (PC and the CC device) made no difference. A royal pain the bum. Cool when it works (eg watch Youtube vids on lounge TV), but this is seldom at at great cost in time.
Not a happy customer, purchased google home and google home mini. While device is on music it fails to hear OK google
Just downloaded, asks me to update, clicked update goes back to start screen, which asks me to update. Get Roku, cast has been a huge joke and waste of time since I bought it. Even when it works for a little while, it will randomly stop casting and I have to close the app and start all over again. Get something else. I'm done with this garbage.
Since the last update voice recognition is pathetic and the retrain screen is not working. How long will Google keep ignoring this?
Past 4years i using this app. It recently started fail to detect cast device . Detecting unknown WiFi, not detecting Chromecast.
Bought chromecast device. Followed all the steps to set up on Samsung TV and my Samsung S8 cannot pick the device. Absolute joke !
Google Chromecast is back. To Google team, thank you for resolving the issue; however, please ensure that the bugs are permanently fixed so that there are no further worldwide disruptions.
I use to be able to play music.. And now it wants me to connect to Chromecast, which I don't have :(
This device(Chromecast audio) is wreaking havoc with my wifi. I want a refund. This thing causes only stress and zero benefit.
Why does it say something went wrong relaunch the app I relaunched it and i uninstalled and reinstalled several times it is still not working
You've totally ruined chromecast from our phones... how can you be going backwards in your tech updates??
suddenly stopped working today ..not able to find the device to cast even though listed in the homeapplication
Everytime i ues this app with amazon video you can hear the audio but you cant see any video
Hey google! You said you rolled out a fix but mine still isnt casting. I know i now habe the cast icon but wont cast anything. Help!
Today it stopped casting all together. Im not impressed at all.fix the bloody thing you idiots
It worked fine up until this morning 27 June 2018 now I can't cast anymore I tried everything resetting and restarting nothing works
Working fine for 6 months then suddenly i can't cast anything. Only google background showing on my tv, i can reboot, tried to factory reset but still can't cast at all.
I enjoy using this app however, I'm having trouble opening Netflix through the app. Disappointing...
Ever since they came out w a new one. None of the old ones work awful
Screen Cast function is only good for phones and is not made for tablets. Your TV will only display your tablet screen ratio which will show black bars on each side of the display.
Today it is not connecting any app expect YouTube..I don't know the problem.. casting symbol is not showing..even I did reset then also same issue..even in home app screencast unable to search device..I am using OnePlus 3t..I really don't know exact problem.. these many days it was working well from today it not working
App was great until update, now I can't cast to my TV at all & it won't recognize my device but yet i can still reboot the cast.
Like other people have said, the casting was working fine from my galaxy s9+, my gfs iphone X, and our IPad. Hulu,netflix, Disney Jr. For the baby, and YouTube for music. Everything casted from those devices to the TV with no problem ever. Now the chromecast is still connected to wifi everythings the same, but now the cast button isnt there on any of the apps. It happened last night, and I rebooted it and reconnected like 20 times,and finally got it to work. But now again this morning it stopped and we cant get it to cast again,although its still connected to the wifi with no problems. Everything was working great until this latest update. Poeasenfix this ASAP!!I dont understand how you can drop an update to everyone and have it mess up all the chromecasts... you're google, this shouldnt happen!! Test them out thoroughly before just releasing it to the public and messing up their products. Leaving us with no answers or solution to the problem
Casting is terrible. Only worked once, then wouldn't cast anything. Tried rebooting and everything. Just awful
Useless, unable to cast audio nor screen from my phone to my tv using google chromecast2 eventhough the backdrop still showing
This spyware destroys the performance of 1st gen Chromecast. Time to buy Roku
I don't understand how the Google home Mini or Google home doesn't work with my 65 inch Sony TV with Android assistant built-in I want to go completely without a remote but sadly I can't
Won't operate Phillips Hue. Keeps telling me it needs permission to go to settings for more info. When I do there is nothing in settings. Makes a good paper weight. Think I'll switch to alexa
Hari ini tanggal 27 Juni 2018. Chromecast 2 milik saya tidak dpt digunakan untuk transmisi ke tv. Tombol cast hilang dari aplikasi. Saya jg dpt laporan dari pengguna lainnya. Apakah terjadi masalah?
Best app..vry nice..i am enjoying Bt i want to block other people from casting on my tv plz help I tried to reboot I went further n I did factory reset n I uninstall it n reinstalled it again bt still people are casting on my Tv...guest mode is off n allowing people casting on my tv I set it as nt allow still they are able to cast...plz help
It still seems like Google home is in its infancy. What I really need google home to do is fully share reminders with this app and the calender. Currently they do not show up. The shopping list needs to be available offline and the stuff needs categories for organisation. I'd these were fixed I'd probably give it a 4/5
I cant make google home work on my windows 10 laptop - what am I doing wrong not impressed
The app can't find my nest camera and I can't reboot the living room TV. Horrible user accessability and help
No longer working. Cast button is gone on all devices. Tried all possible work arounds but nothing worked.
Unable to connect Chromecast to login WiFi, the menu is messy with poor ability to see all apps accessable. Looks good tough..
Spent 2 hours trying to get it to work only for it to say "this account already exits on your phone" what a joke
Google has fixed the bugs with the recent update to .google home.Home automation devices run even smoother than before the last series of updates
Limited softwares to cast screen. Also when I try to directly cast my Mobile through Google Home app then I do not get audio on my TV, I can only see the video.
Downloaded the new version, now my gen 1 chromecast no longer works. Unacceptable!
Its suddenly stop working. Back ground screen is still there but the cast opition are gone
Chrome cast stopped working. Did factory reset, went through setup, stopped working at ready to cast screen
this app is not working no chromecasts can now connect on any device on any isp...fix this..like now..you have a huge huge problem
suddenly screen mirroring has been stopped..not work with any android phone..pls help
It won't mirror screen or stream anything from my phone. Used to work fine before. Uninstalled and reinstalled still nothing. Is this done intentionally to us?
As with everyone else, can no longer use the app after the last update. Pretty ridiculous.
Everything was great, but now I get an error message everytime I give it a simple command like 'play Spotify'. Can we get it fixed please.
The app crashes the WiFi when used for screen mirror from android. I have the latest app but still can't mirror properly.
Suddenly cast icon is not showing up, it says your are not on same network. Tried all method including reset Chromecast, reboot router nothing worked. Earlier it was working
Quick and easy to set up and use. New features constantly added. Love being able to cast music from Google Play Music all around my home. Great stuff.
It's great but it won't let me link my Deezer account to it. If some one could help then it would be a five star.
Worst ever app. It is not compatible with tablets. Look for other streaming devices. I will return it.
Everything was working fine then suddenly the cast icon dissapersad. Like everyone else having the same issue.
The app tends to lag a lot and mirror feature stalls like crazy plus it only mirrors for a short time
Stopped working, can't cast. Keeps telling me there's an update. Submitted a feedback, so hope they fix it.
The more setting won't work and I can't add the home control . What is this ? Fix it
I don't know why Google home app connection icon disappear from all devices. Give us solution or take back our devices. It's silly that this problem appear frequently. Your service is going boom to bust .....
All of a sudden my tv is not casting. The casting icon has gone from my devices. Tottaly pissed off.
I can't link my account to google home (the option just doesn't show up)
Too many glitches and compatibility issues. Things that worked before get broken with new updates
Till yesterday 26th June evening chrome was working fine, it's not working since today evening when I have tried playing songs I am not able to see the icon to cast to TV
Have been using for basic google mini quiries, timer, news and alarms. Uavent jumped onto home functionality yet
I can't access a lot of the settings. I click it and it just doesn't do anything. I've had this issue for a while.
Fine til update, now almost every episode I watch it says error with episode and I have to retry sometimes up to 3x.
I have seen these things work before, it's not that I lack knowledge, I own and provide my own IPTV brand tonover 1000 customers, I am an android programmer, I have had a business for almost 3 years it worked last night when I plugged it in and set it up, now this morning, it's undiscovered or, I have factory reset it 3 times and set it up 3 times and still no good, good luck to everyone else but I'll be taking this back to get my money back,
Suddenly my Chromecast not working starting from Today (27-Jun), tried reboot, factory reset still cannot solve
It was working properly till June 26 2018. Suddenly I can't see any Cast Button in any app.
When it works it is a very helpful assistant. Like it for getting the weather, controlling my lights (Wemo & Nanoleaf), and playing music (I wish it was less reliant on Google Play Music). Would have to be very specific cases to recommend to friends. All of a sudden one day it started saying it needed to be setup to be used. Tried rebooting, unplugging, and factory default reset but could not get it to work. Worked on the problem for nearly two hours, got mad and left it alone for about an hour. Then it reset itself. Support pages were not helpful and did not deal with the message I was getting "Authentication not successful" Tried to Contact Google Canada and used the 24-hour / 365 day chat - which when I clicked the button on my computer told me it was not available. Google assist worked fine on my phone and my internet was working fine so it was not that.
The app can no longer see my three different compatible devices unless I factory reset each one before I am able to use it
Needs more options for the insignia Google home speaker. It does ok though
Can no longer set up voice recognition, keep telling me to check my connection.
If you have a Samsung galaxy s8 don't bother purchasing a chromecast. Mine stopped working about a week ago. The help section is a joke and they respond with the same redundant answers when they know the issue is with them not our internet/wifi apps or phones!!
Edit: this app and the hardware used to work great a few years ago, gave it a 5 then. Now I rate it a 2, based on stability and privacy, it has gone downhill. Currently using 2 alternative apps that are not restrictive to what I stream and where I stream it into.
Cast icon disappears from all apps including youtube and google home screen mirroring. Tried hard resetting.
No longer able to cast after last auto update. Time to refund the Chromecast!
Funciona muy bien con todos los dispositivos de Google como el Chromecast y el Chromecast audio,muy til para sincronizar bocinas, solo falta sincronizar video con bocinas y todo estara perfecto, controlo casi todo lo de mi casa atravez de esto
The app is useful however I'm unable to mirror any of my smart devices since the past 2 days
Have problems in controlling the device It also doesn't say us why so and so problem arises Not getting the tips Couldn't cast the device
As soon as the app loads big crashes this app is unusable when you fix this problem I will change my review otherwise your app sucks very hard and not in a good way
27/6 like everybody, doesn't work. rebooted router, chromecast, changed hdmi port, nothing.
Simply works like a champion. Set up a new Chromecast and new Mini in less than 10 minutes. Thank you Google!
It's absolutely rubbish, biggest waste of money because it only works when it wants to
backdrop is VERY slow, even at 2x speed it takes 30 seconds (fastest speed should be 2, slowest could be 5 or 10).
It was great, but seems not work anymore for Huawei phones after upgrade, cannot recognize my account now
Dont buy chrome cast if you wanna have anti family moments cause the screen freezes too much soo mudh for 40 bucks
This app and my Chromecast are constantly disconnecting from our wifi. I've tried fixing it various ways and nothing has worked. I'll be getting a roku this week to replace this unreliable Chromecast. I'm unhappy with this and it's negatively affected my opinion of Google as a brand.
I don't know why but all of a sudden it is telling me that I need to update my Google home app. When I go to the app, it does not give me the option to update. Get this fixed so that I can watch my TV through casting.
GREAT NOW NOTHING WONT CONNECT TO MY CHROMECAST EVEN THO WHEN I GO ON THE HOME APP IT SAYS CONNECTED, BUT I CANT ON NETFLIX,HULU, SPOTIFY,YOUTUBE NOTHING!!!!!!!!! SOMEONE HELP!!!!!
It shows the background picture but cannot mirror or cast to the TV. I've tried rebooting several times, reinstalled Home too but no help yet. Very poor work from Google team. Thousands of apparently unnecessary updates and this is what the Google team comes up with.
Since the last update cannot cast to anything will not even pick up on my device and Google home cannot even pick up on the Chromecast even after resetting everything I paid for my Chromecast I expect to be able to use it
Been using my Chromecast V1 with this app but recently, everytime we are watching movie the device will just stop casting, which we didn't experience before. It's kindda frustrating. Hopefully another update will resolve the issue.
It was great until 26th June. Now, only I could see is home screen, mobile says it's not compatible device.
Updates always causing more problems than they fix and good luck on getting a hold of someone for support.
The application does not cast my device. It hangs instead. Very frustrating that it is so problematic.
It used to work great, now it doesn't let me login anymore. Need help here
The app tells me I need an update but apparently I can't update with my Samsung note 8, also it wont connect to my brand new chromecast enabled TV. So basically I have 2000$ worth of technology that is useless. Get it together google.
it worked perfectly fine till 27th june morning and then it stopped recognizing my note 8. Please have this fixed google.
It has stopped casting since today morning and cast option is not coming in screen, devices are not recognized, what's going on Google , please reply.
It's really hard for me to cast a movie from one of those pirating site which is the main reason why i got Chromecast if i knew this i could have saved my money
Could you please make it support more file formats? It would be increasingly more useful if I could play more than MP4's on it.
I don't need a response to most commands unless there's a problem. I asked for the lamp to turn off and it did... we're done here. So give us the option to disable unnecessary responses.
I don't understand why it's called chrome cast yet it doesn't support videos on chrome
Fix your broken app like others have said. Will change review when you fix it.
la app.es muy buena y me funciona con muchos de mis dispositivos pero no con mi tableta ya que dice no se gerienciapuede instalar,,,,alguna sugeriencia,lo que estoy tratando es conetar vizio smart cast a mi tableta de amazon,o smartcast google!!!????
Google Home mini is not able to connect to my home wifi. Guide me please
After a recent update all my google home mini will say is "please log in through the google home app" but doing nothing in the app helps....so my daily alarm clock and info tool turned into a brick without warning.... paid all this money for litteraly a brick...
Was working fine, but it's now been a week and still can't connect. I'd love to hear some feedback as wether the issue is being resolved or if I should just get a different casting service.
Does not work well with the Vizio chrome app. Keeps telling me I need to update google home app, but will not update. Vizio chrome app sucks and some of that stink rubs off onto google home.
Ever since I updated to Oreo on LG v30, the app says my phone is not optimized for casting. I have a very hard time now using Chromecast.
Would be nice to change the activation phrase for each device you own so when you say ok Google all of you devices didn't answer you.
I'm not able to nickname my devices anymore, VERY annoying. It says to check my connection every time. Having this problem for over a week now, reinstalled the app already.
App crash every time I try to link google home to the app...time to sell it and get Alexa
Unable to cast anything on 2 Chromecast's as of today. Please fix it ASAP
Cast icon lost today not able to Cast any things on tv.wallpaper slides are working fine. Please fix the issue.
Seems like something has gone wrong today, like other users we cannot connect any more. I hope this will be fixed soon!
This has an identity chrisis. You're able to configure devices but there's so much lousy discovery that the utility of the app is buried. Until they trim this app down to the equivalent of Google WiFi, I won't be rating it higher.
I like this app it's very easy to use. Only issue is Netflix and Chromecast have compatability issues.
Like many other people says today 27/06/2018 all my 4 chromecast devices has stoped working. Google please fix that issue ASAP. Thank you !
Works great! Had one day of downtime after the last update though.
Garbage app. Says my version of Google home is out of date and guides me to update but i have the latest version and there are no more updates. Trash app
Chromecast worked fine until today. Now there is no icon to tap on to cast to TV..no customer service available to help with issue ..
Can't access services settings, music, accounts, anything anymore. I know my phone is old but now I can't access basic functionality for my Google homes.
The application has been crashing the last few days. This even happens when the app is not in the front. I am using a LG G7 running Android 8.0.0.
Thanks for the fix google, now i can cast it again and normally work like it used to
I cant seem to cast to my tv after the update.tried every means to cast but the icon still missing and i cant freaking cast!!!! Wasted my money!!!
Great. Helpf and am finally able to link all my devicea.Needs to be more simplified with icons and faster set up time.
It tells u the links to set up and their supposed location but they are not anywhere on the app! Cant even change the wifi network
Use to be good but Chromecast doesn't connect as good as it use to, I have to keep doing hard resets on the Chromecast devices. Just to connect, no looking at alternatives away from Chromecast.
My Chromecast worked yesterday.....now the phone doesn't know where it is and just like this stupid eeveiw I can't see where I'm typing ....the old version was better
It just needs to be rebooted to often. Maybe it's time for a new model
It wasn't workin for a few hrs just reset it and bang back to its good self
Works fine and perfectly till today. Suddenly Chromecast and Google home mini are no longer available without any Wi-Fi change...
After update having issue to cast. Not able to cast anything please fix it...
What's happened to this app? I can no longer Chromecast. My phone no longer can speak to the little gadget. I've followed the in stall instructions, but nothing. Are you going to fix it?
It was work fine till 27th June 2018.s uddenly today all my casting apps not working with Google home screen mirror.
All of a sudden I can't connect either from android or ios , all apps are unable to connect and have stopped showing the cast symbol .
It was working fine until recently. Now it disconnects randomly whenever I'm casting on it.
It won't work because I won't give it access to my geolocstion to "find nearby devices", that's utter BS, it doesn't need a coordinates for that, just a wireless transceiver.
Why is it that YouTube finds my Chromecast EVERY time but Home (and Netflix) can't? Sort your act out, Google.
Google Ultra Chromecast won't let you play YouTube continously as soon as you switch off your mobile or screen off your mobile. Why? Rubbish!
I have to keep rebooting and reinstalling this app! I go to cast and it won't let me!
Everything was working until today both Chrome cast and google home decided to stop working...both brought it couple weeks ago. Can I refund it?
Refuses to go past 80% prep when trying to watch through play movies. Just bought a series and have to use YouTube!
getting error every time "your account is already added with this device"
It was fine before the update but now I can't see any of the devices and I had to reinstall it but now I can't sign in
did work good but after i axidently unistalled.it a then downloaded it again don't work ie mirror to tv
After the last update i am not able to cast anymore on pixel 2
After new update or what i am unable to screen cast my mobile with tv so unable to play videos or movies which ate stored in ny mobile.
Since the last update, we cant connect to google home. And every time we try to setup the device, it always got error. Please fix it.
Device not working casting button not visible why fix this problem same network device and all network but not working today why help me please
Can view backdrop of my Chromecast on TV in this app. But none of the devices can find the Chromecast now after updates on 27 June 2018.
Bought a new Google Home and setup last Tuesday 26 June 2018. Worked excellently for hours, went bed and next day decided to move location so turned off Home [know has no battery backup , a really stupid move] and when I turned it on again wouldn't work!!!!!!!!! On "Go Google" or "Hey Google" said "not setup". Tried resetting to no avail for over 6 hours, doing everything Google says in the poorly decided manual and help and support pages. Have tried both from my Android phone and Tablet Google Home program connects with device okay, both connects to same WiFi and a check of the WiFi configuration shows it's mac address connected Finds address, etc and then when it goes to final setup screen says unable to finish or the link and refers to help and support. Tried uninstalling Google Home and rebooting several times on both devices and still same problems. In fact the new installations were never a clean one as always showed rooms tried. Appears Google Home installs in your Google Account, and I can't find where to delete and remove settings so it is a clean install, without affecting account. 8 hours later this morning suddenly setup properly. Very frustrating!!!!
I am unable to cast anything to my TV sins last 3 days
Latest version crashes every time I launch it, unusable. Tried reinstall, reboot, same.
Bravia TV goes black, mob shows video playing on cast, but cast not projecting on TV. Only google icon shows in beginning and then TV Goes black.
Tells me to update it. Google Play says Open. No update available. Won't connect to my brand new Chromecast enabled smart TV. Worthless!
Stupid cycle of updates that break it and make things work less often
I don't know but my chromecast stopped working.
It suddenly stop working. No cast icon in all cast enable app.
Will not cast from any devices since the update. Absolute rubbish.
The cast button no longer show on all cast able apps and therefore cannot cast any things, tried factory reset and reboot the chromecast but still not working.
Wonderful software. I've enjoyed it this far and very much. I can't imagine how it might be once it's improved further.
This app update did some thing to my chromecast it never seems to work any more pls fix this l.
If you have any smart devices, including a Google Home product or anything IoT-related, you need this app!
Complete rubbish. Can't even play a playlist on Google home speaker.
I have 2 Chromecast dongles., Up to date android etc... Neither connects anymore on any tv since 27 June 18.
Casting stopped working all of sudden from today.. place help
After the last update all google apps stopped working. I have 6 google home devices, 2 chromecast and 3 google wifi. I can't get into more settings. Keep a telling me check connections and try again. I have cleared cache, uninstalled and reinstalled app. Even factory reset my phone. Nothing works. I have unlinked all devices from my account and now I cannot re-add the devices back again. I can't even train the voice model.
Cant log in. Keeps telling me i need to create a new account but i already have an account and it won't let me select it.
Been a big fan of my Goolge Home. Have a strange occurrence that shouldn't be hard to fix. If I set my Google home to be my default speaker and a Chromecast as my default t.v. and my music service to the new YT music service. Google Home keeps playing to my TV when I ask to play a song. I want to play music on my speaker. Theres no way to tell it otherwise
It doesn't work. I can't cast anything to the TV since the latest update.
Absolutely love how I have to restart my brand new phone 2 - 3 times a day just to get this POS app to see half of my devices! Well done multi-billion dollar corporation GOOGLE!!!
Till morning chromecast was working fine but later none of the applications are displaying the cast option. The mobile and cast displays the same screen but other applications aren't showing this icon. Please let me know what is the exact issue.
Need lot of improvement specially for indian customers. Atleast my expectations was much more from this app. Not developed considering indian home scenarios.
Latest update no longer allowse to use Google homes using my phone. Kind of makes the whole app useless.
Google Home's implementation of groups is pretty useless. Amazon is so far ahead with Alexa
Update actually stopped it working on Huawei p20 Pro,
I could never get this app to connect to my devices. Each time I try to connect I'm prompted to update the app even after I download the latest app.
The chromecast suddenly stop casting YouTube and other app on phone. And I the voice control stop working as well
I am not able to link my device anymore. I was getting error on device so after factory reset I am unable connect
Stopped snowing cast icon from all the app after 26Jine 2018, tried all the steps to fix but none worked
The latest updates to google home and its hardware are trash. I'm constantly having to reconnect and re-setup my google home.
For some reason it doesn't work with the new LG7 phones.
It won't connect to my smart device Merkury bulb controlled by Geeni they won't show up. No tab in Home app for "Home Control"
I didn't connect with my tv from yesterday. I read many views. I think there is some problem in App. So please fix it ASAP.
b'Very satisfied... hope can accomodate users in indonesia soon... add scarlet johansen voice as voice option for google assistent pkease ????'
As of today, I can no longer cast anything. I am reading that other people are having the same problem.
I used this latest update and now it cant find my chromecast, pleaee get in touch and tell me how i fix this as i use it a lot
I could set up Chromecast audio via Android phone and then I was not able to do anything with it. On same wifi, Google Home cannot see it from my linked account or my wife. I bought this explicity to have GH to connect to Chromecast audio... I was missing optical on AV receiver so I bought a switch + mini toslink to toslink.... What a waste of time and money. BTW the switch works I tried with other devices...
Constantly looses connection and takes ages to reconnect. Combine this with Amazon prime video and you are guaranteed a terrible experience
I m unable to search because search tab is absent I'm in unable to see it
b'Continuous conversations do not work, the speaker light up to listen but does not process the 2ed command ??'
Google Chromecast, no casting icon in my phone (OnePlus 3) and tab (Google Nexus 9). Troubleshooting is total hell. Better to throw out this waste and go for Amazon fire stick.
The best $30 i ever spent,,it would be even better it you could cast mobile games from your phone and then just use the phone as the game controller with the game begin but cast into your home tv
Wish it could be transfered to sd card, works now and again. Wish I could get amazon music on it to send to the TV. But it will do.
Could be more intuitive. I'd enjoy it to sound much more "person like" however, recent updates and the new voices are a nice touch.
Awesome indeed. U can easyly watch youtube or fb videos by connecting chrome cast in your basic LCD or LED TV
The cast icon suddenly went missing on ALL my android devices. I cant cast anything on my tv!
Been waiting hours for whatever the issue is that is causing me not to be able to cast my Netflix, YouTube, anything!
Chromecast icon disappeared in all apps and after factory resetting I can't even setup my Chromecast anymore
Trying to connect a Samsung Galaxy 8 to a Sony Android TV... "No device found". Next to me, another person connects to the TV from an iPad without oroblems.
It will not see the Asus X5 computer. All my mobile devices show up but it will not see this laptop.
Best casting application but need 1 more feature. One or more connections save options should be there. Every time it needs to follow connect process from beginning . Better you keep switching option between connections.
b'Not getting the proper options in my vivo v9 ??'
Wont allow me to cast to chromecast from any apps (netflix, youtube, spotify etc) was fine up until yesterday(26.06.18)
Unable to connect to chromecast after new update, pls fix asap
Unable to use since last update, please rectify as soon as possible
There is one glitch. When I am trying to switch my account, it is hanging and coming out. Please check that.
Piece of **** garbage app and machine. The only thing working now is YouTube. Piece of junk.
No thanks. Obtuse and waist of my time. Make your app more user friendly.
The app used to be good until the update now I can't screen mirror my phone to Chromecast any more.
A complete piece of garbage. It works when it wants to which is seldom. Almost every attempt to stream from my phone fails.
After last update. Can't cast to Chromecast device. Not able to connect.
Was working fine till yesterday, now I see the device but when I click cast it says no device found
Nice App, but I can't control who has access to my Spotify account. Even if other Google accounts have their Spotify free account linked, when they play music it uses my account
Awful. Just won't connect t. Install uninstall. Restart. Reset dongle. And still not working.
Had this for about 2 years I think...works great and every time...no issues .going to get Chromecast ultra for my second tv in a few days..can't go wrong!
b'Working until today. Now says "there was a glitch try again in a few seconds". Nothing working at all. \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
No longer able to change name of Chromecast, or any of the settings.
Got myself the Chromecast ultra set it all up and it constantly disconnects after connecting my old Chromecast works perfect my new one is faulty and the catolog I brought it from won't replace it
Worked fine a few days ago. Today i can no longer cast. Wish google could fix their app asap
Bought to cast my pixel (no HDMI out). Did not work. The Chromecast bought was useless.
Since the new update I can't connect to my chromecast to play anything, it keeps saying to check my phone and it are on the same network! Please fix it or let me know how to.
Thank you for fixing the casting problem of 27 June 2018
Will not recognise device anymore and no help available
This app would be #1 if it worked even half the time. Select a device to cast to but screen mirroring doesnt happen. You guys suck. Burn silicon valley to the ground.
You have fixed the problem with the cast to TV. Thanks.
Been using this for almost a year and didnt have any problems until now. Suddenly i cannot cast nor mirror anything. The error was that it cannot detect any compatible devices which was a bit odd cos Ive been using the same phone. I tried all sorts of troubleshooting (reboot, install uninstall even factory reset) and nothing seems to work. Not sure if this was because of the update. Just hope this gets resolved asap.
b'new update crash... i setup my chromecast perfectly... but i cant cast anything in my tv...??'
This is a great app, until I tried to use it this morning. Now nothing works or casts right despite rebooting/reinstalling my chrome device and apps. What happened??
Love this but have one complaint. Will not work with Vizio E55-E1
I love this app the design the functionality every thing except suddenly I couldn't use my Chromecast everytime I tried to cast something it gave me the same "there was a problem connecting to x" I've tried restarting my router my phone and the Chromecast and uninstalling the app and downloading it again it still doesn't work I have internet and every other app works but when I use google home and try to see my list of devices the app says it can't connect to the internet I know its not the router or the Chromecast because all the other phones in the house properly connect to the Chromecast and play things and I know it's not my phone because it worked before it has to be the app please fix this
Keeping your fight against Prime aside, can you bring primevideo in app list?
I don't know why. But it connects to the chromecast when it wants. Fix that bug.
Would be 5.. but tired of being told to set up default app for music... Can't do it!
The shopping list is still awful and they should never have removed it from Google keep
Overall a solid app. There are some issues finding a new device once in a while and a few little blips here and there though that could be improved on.
Had a few issues but turns out it was my router, Google support was very helpful though and got me back up and running.
Since the last update the device is not visible on android phone, youtube and browser screening.
My Chromecast stop working after the recent update.
Thank you for fixing this app today Google! I changed my feedback for 5 star, hope this issues won't happen again.
App don't recognise TuneIn Radio PRO version
Setting up Google devices with this app is very easy. It is well thought out and highly customizable. Animations during setup are interesting.
I am still learning how to control my phone and all the apps and devices and turn-ons and turn-offs this is new to me but I'm learning little by little how to control the media on my phone and hopefully the commercials at home I use my new phone for all that media information which is very new to me
Confusing name, and now the thing doesn't even work.
Everything went smoothy until latest update.. tried reinstalling/formatting, everything still wont connect to the tv
Theres something wrong with the app now you want me to mirror and then it loads every 3 mins and skips fix the app im about to get roku this crazy it was fine the way it was
When I hit explore in menu it said i need to update the app but it has no update
Google what are you waiting for the app is crushing long ago and no update till now to fix that...
This app is defected. When i tried to set a voice match, "please wait" is the only step its getting to. Didn't expect this from google.
b'Great but the casting appears to be broken for me????\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x82\xef\xb8\x8f'
Moving away the Shopping List from Keep was a huge mistake. It is unusable garbage now
Works great most of the time but sometimes it has a clutch and then it is a problem if it can not find my lights to turn on
What you did in your last update. It not connected with my wifi
I'm trying to download the app and it is says that it is already installed. It is not installed to this pc. You keep showing me devices as if they were mine that I logged in to check my email.
Clear cache and clear data all do with Google and dont disable Google chrome all working again now see cast icon in apps
Since the recent update cannot make it work anymore
Its useful because when you say " Hey google turn it down to ten " it will go up to like 80-100..
This is app is not supported to mi-a4 model tv .... Please could you tell how to connect with TV......
not connecting, showing not compatible devices, which was working before and now not working, tryed everything even reset, using android N samsung j7 16
Spent over an hour trying to set up my chrome cast ultra. It refused to connect to the Wi-Fi and tech support was less than helpful. Do not waste your time with any of the products that require this app
Found out had to reboot my phone to see the available Chromecast backdrops.
Constant dropouts to Google server renders chromecasts and home inoperable. Google server in AU is unrealiable. Waste of time.
All devices have stopped connecting and casting, what happened?
App segura y fcil de usar, transmitimos desde otras Apps pero a la vez tambin desde cualquier navegador.
Could imagine my like without Google Home round the house. The why I've got Google Home and 2 Google Minis
Issues with connection, unable to cast, netflix cant find Chromecast neither can allcast
After the last actualization, I constantly lost my cast from the apps. Every time I need use one of them, I need to reset my Chromecast :-(
My chrome cast doesn't work with new update.
Chromecast stop working.....not able to cast
Fair to goodly. It seems to break down a bloody lot on Pixel 2xl though.
Saying your device not optmised. Made my new chromecast a waste for me.
I love everything about Google home. The number of uses for the app are amazing. Now, if Google only made their own lights and other home peripherals.
Think it's getting worse at recognising commands! Now can't even find playlists on Google music...
Unable to cast , no auto support or trouble shoot and Chromecast support page sucks ..
Completely useless, you can't cast Hulu, Netflix or YouTube from home screen.
It's ok but with so many other options out there for streaming/watching/listening to media it struggles to retain my interest.
Has been working better after updates!! Perfect as a main or back up entertainment center!!
Beats Alexa, who mostly says "I don't know that"
from 27th june, it stopped working.. no cast icon in apps..
App working great until now! Cannot cast anything to the TV. Please fix this!
Stopped casting ,showing connected but not casting.problem not fixed after updating the app. Wifi is properly working and connected to the Internet. Plz help
It simply won't work!! Will not log me in even if I create new accounts!! :(:(:(
Screen mirroring/casting is very poor, there is never any sound.
UI freeze, horrible protocol, meaningless error messages.
Glad to see I'm not the only one whose chromecast suddenly stopped working today...
b"Whatever is going on with the chromecast, was working well till today, it's here pretending to be on yet it can't be seen by my phone, Google thanks ??????"
b"It's back you guys! 5 stars! ??"
Stopped all casting. Fix it please not happy
Your updates stoped the casting to the screen ability. Thank you. You ruined what was a useful app.
Since last update my Chromecast cannot be connect anymore. Please fix it, it used to work perfectly.
None of your services are working! Home and Chromecast are just giving errors..
Latest update doesn't work well with OnePlus 3T, unable to cast from OnePlus 3T
Cast icon is missing, not able to watch
Set up useless. Keeps crashing and disappears after every use
I received my Google Home Mini yesterday and this application made it very easy to set up and configure. Nice clean interface and intuitive settings section. Excellent thanks Google.
Downloaded to fix our tv, continually asked for an app update that wasn't available. So never worked
I may be nuts but I don't know how to logon to google home.
cant find or watch my chrome cast. what am i doing wrong
Would be much better had it proxy support. I can't do so many things because of that fact.
I spent $30 on a speaker that talks back and apologizes for it's glitches.
Google release an update that breaks shaing of smart home controls with shared Google homes.
Miserable setup. An hour later, lots of attempts, and still not working.
27/06/18 stopped working. None of the official troubleshooting worked
It takes forever to for my Pixel 2 XL to find the Google Home during the setup. It's basically a paperweight now.
It doesn't allow you to view your own personal video files. Only web services.
I loved this app for a while. Now with my phone updating with Android p beta I can't connect my phone to setup a new Google home I bought. Always says connecting
Google home keeps saying try again over and over?
What the hell is going on GOOGLE? What has happened to the casting? Don't ignore your customers.
Was great now I can't cast anything reset and rebooted still don't work
Very bad experience not at all showing the device after setup
Great app just wish I had a cast control on normal pull down bar instead of having to go into the app otherwise app dose everything I want it to great job
Not working after last update on Huawei mate 8, please fix it soon.
Great when it works. Needs more consistency. Shocked a company as large as Google puts an app of this quality out.
What a waste, Netflix YouTube don't work
Can't communicate with my speakers that has Google Assistant built in.
Last update has broken voice match
Google Home service goes down for hours at a time, with no indication of what the problem is or when it will be fixed.
Casting is a very nice feature especially when it comes to streaming videos/music. However, it would be nice to have the ability to increase playback speeds on apps such as YouTube.
It keeps saying I need to update but I have the latest update.
Slow to start, pause. Was difficult to set up. Often doesn't work.
Too slow, gets stock in the select account page for ever.
The latest update made the app unstable - often disconnects.
Mirroring stoped can't reboot or reset to get to work won't detect can't be bothered
No news supported in India yet! That's not good :(
b"Now it's working fine??.. pls, don't let this thing happened anymore"
No cast after resetting . It worked well for four days . Its ok after few hours
Stopped being able to cast anything even though device is connected on t.v. and screen saver is on
No entiendo como es que hoy 6 de Julio, Chromecast siga sin funcionar, no lo puedo usar desde el 27 de Junio, que se supone que tengo que hacer? Porque no nos han dado ni una sola solucin y mucho menos una que funcione.
Casted to my TV once; after that it would only turn the volume to my TV up and down. It would not cast phone so I uninstalled then reinstalled and still nothing.
I can't configure routines or change personal settings on my Google Home Mini. When I access the device it shows a message telling: Couldn't retrieve the settings. Please check your connection.
It was working great until the latest update. We have been using chromecast for more than a year and now it won't cast anything!
I moved 400 miles away and it still only recognize where I come ftom. I have uninstalled the app. Updated information in the app nothing works. Can anyone help me?
Not able to cast anything now!! Was working fine till yesterday.
Cast screen/audio doesnt work for some reason
Not working. Useless having Chromecast with this rubbish...
I can't cast my phone screen to my Chromecast. It's a new galaxy s9
Chromecasts broke worldwide because of Google update.
Fix it or give us a refund for all the content we paid for and can't watch.
Why some features are lagging in India which are google has started in other countries ???
Not working since update. Useless app
Google! Please fix this asap, updated to the latest version then Chromecast can not cast to any TVs at all, did reboot / factory reset. Still not working.
Great, but when I say "hey Google" at least 3 devices start talking to me from different areas and she still says " I'm sorry, I don't know how to help you with that." Way too much.
Does not connect well to my S8. Dont know why?
Its very confusisng cannot find chromecasdt setrings
My home app is unable to locate device and we are stuck
Please add in a password lock on Chrome cast as the main feature to prevent other from using it unless given permisson by Main User/person who bought the Chromecast
There is an audio lag when watching YouTube with my home mini
It keeps telling me to update to the latest version on the app to finish setting up my Chromecast but I am using the latest version. Samsung Galaxy S6.
It was good until the last update.Now i am facing connectivity issues while pairing with bluetooth speaker please sort out the issue
It was great at first, now every request for an artist or genre, it says it need more information? i guess Vladimir has taken this over as well!
Useless, you can't connect to TV and no guidance.
Sometimes a little weird about who's controlling the Chromecast
Only downloaded to connect chromecast, chromecast cannot connect to mobile hotspot... useless app for a useless device
Lost cast icon on all devices all of a sudden.
Just stopped working one day. Absolute rubbish!
Doesn't show my account and forces me to try using another. This effectively locks me out of the app.
b"This app is fun for me I don't know why. \xe2\x98\xba"
Have 3 chrome casts both were working amazingly until an update appeared now unable to connect to either device
The issue with chromecast is now resolved. Thank you team.
Does not cast after last update 26 june 2018. How do i rectify this urgently?
Does not cast when you want. Utterly useless
I can't set up new devices on Android p it just hangs
Direct TV Now dvr doesn't work with chromecast
b'absol\xc3\xba\xc4\x8dely uselesse. hours of my life wasted.'
I'm just trying 2 get anything horror
Google shouldn't good phone or a call nor home Google
Im not sure why Im unable to use my chromecast with chrome now. Can anyone explain?
Not working from 26th June, tried all the way by reboot, reinstall, factory reset but not worked.
Often has difficulty connecting to internet and device's.
Won't let me setup caller id for calling on google home mini
They need to build the google assistant app in to the google home app it's super annoying to have to download 2 apps for 1 propose
I CAN TALK TO MY TEACHER
I am not able to cast with the latest version
Unable to cast to my TV. Please fix.
b"I'm not going to get the application at this time, getting ready to leave for 5month the middle East. Being deployed, shortly ,??see u in a year"
Keeps disconnecting when videos play an lags before and aftee
Says it needs an update to work, sends me to Google play where my only options are uninstall and open app. It's a circle of death.
Can't control the video speed, waste of time
Casting is broken today for people worldwide. Fix this ASAP.
Doesn't cast from netflix to android TV inspite of this being an advertised feature.
Love it. Even changed phone language to english just to be able to use this. Norwegian must come soon! July 18?
It says that I can't manage alarms on other devices yet but I have a POC that says otherwise
Cannot link with Spotify with Facebook account. Bad.
Learned my lesson, don't update the app.
Constantly stop working. Can't see device
If the goal is to not connect, consider this system a success.
b'Have to reboot Chromecast every fricking day is becoming just slightly annoying !!!!!!????'
Worked once then refused to connect. Pretty poor.
Casting appears to no longer work
Does not work and could not conet to the Chromecast on the tv
Conecting issues i can see chromecast but cannot connect to it and cast icon is disappeared from all apps
A 24 * 7 personal assistant for almost free! Need I say more?
Worst service ever... The cast doesn't work at all... Poor customer service...
It works but it's not beautiful. Could be so much easier and smooth.
Don't work on p9 lite
I can't even log into the app, ridiculous!!!!
I cannot use this app to chromecast, have to use other 3rd party apps
Stop working with error can't update settings
the interfaces keeps changing and now i cant find where the shortcuts/routines settings are. no search functions like they have in android settings too.
Useless for Nvidia Shield/Chromecast built-in!
Can't see Chromecast on my WiFi network
Sometimes when I tell Google to turn on the lights it plays a random Pandora station called "the lights". I assure you I am just trying to illuminate my environment and not listen to this crappy music
Take back my previous comments the App is perfect does as advertise and is a perfective for my daily entertainment experience
Suddenly not working. Even after reset everything including hard reboot of WiFi router
Get a life google .... Since home crashed
Update optimization to entire samsung galaxy line! Update I barely can connect to my tv
It helps a lot and plays music good
After recent updates of this app and Chromecast firmware, nothing works. Used to be acceptable, now is totally useless.
Used to work great, now doesn't work at all, shows up in devices but can't cast to it, rebooting cc, router and phone and still doesn't work.
Chromecast just stopped working!!!! What's wrong
Cast icon is gone from all apps since last update. Can't cast anything now.
I can't use the app as it is unable to find my Google account. Please fix!
It keeps crashing pls fix
The app is not working properly
Worked great until today - don't know what happened but now nothing...
Worked great up until recently and then stopped working no fix for it as of yet just keeps crashing
My device connected and detect by chrome cast when I click cast screen/audio then after 20 sec chrome cast ended my device HTC m9
After 27th of June the app stop working
Good app but no good offers for my Chromecast
Would not work nor did device
chromecast device was really great. i try to connect it on my car head unit, was not expecting but it works! Nice
It was working before the update. Now the app says I'm connected but when i try to cast, it can't find the device.
Google home device keep having glitches
Whyy doesnt it work on nokia 8
Chromecast crashes after playing Facebook video
Great Application to open and share the mobile phone content with the Chromecast.
Good all around useability, could use some work and simplifications
What is going on.All cast icons missing in all my apps.
Wonderful app love casting my videos and having 3 sums I'm 9" so I get slot of attention now
b'Does not support a lot of features where I live \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f????????'
Was working well. Ive tried everything but it will no longer cast from my tablet to my TV. Fix it PLEASE
Its easy to use. I love being able to watch movies etc on a big screen and not have to deal with a cell phone screen.
My battery is now drained from 100% to 0% in 1.5-2 hours since I bought mini. Im using LG V20. Please help.
Horrible, connecting to Chromecast is such a pain
Unable to use thru Android. Requires wifi !!!
U GUYS NEED TO APPLY FORCE STEREO SETTING WHEN CASTING GOOGLE MOVIES ON CHROMECAST THAT ARE HAVING 5.1 AUDIO ON NON 5.1 AUDIO SOUNDBAR OR TV SPEAKERS, RATHER THAN GIVING NO SOUND,SINCE DUE TO 5.1 AUDIO SOUND IS NOT COMMING ON TV,WHILE INTERESTINGLY IF WE PLAY THE SAME GOOGLE MOVOE VIA MIRRORING, IT PLAYS WITH AUDIO(STEREO I THINK).
Worked great until recently. I can't cast anything to any of my Chromecasts and my Google home only works occasionally.
From today 27.06.18 my Chrome cast is not working....no casting options.plzzzzzz help me
Great one stop shop for managing your smart home and setting up for voice control
Why vivo v9 is optimized for casting device to chromecast. Please fix it asap
Awful. Does NOT work with Chromecast
Everything was working fine until this morning. Now I can't cast anything.
Everything was working until yesterday perfectly but today 26 june I couldn't cast anything? ? Fix this plz Google
Cannot solve Chromecast issues
Worst devise i have ever purchased
What the hell just happen!!!!!! Suddenly couldnt cast anything becz the chromecast not detected....!!!!!!!!
Everything was fine until yesterday but now no matter what I do it doesn't work what a waste of an afternoon
Google home doesn't works with Android TV (Google cast built in) is there a fix for this issue coming anytime soon ?
It will not allow me to cast my phone screen. YouTube casts so it's not the Chromecast itself, it's the app.
Just bloatware. Nothing else.
I buyed google home that's nice I think that it is my best knowledgeable friend we can ask any questions from it I can't believe on that
This last update doesn't let any app cast. Any. Fix.
Absolutely Amazing. I Love The App And All It Has To Offer. Make Sure You Download This!!!
This app controls my entire house now my lights my TV's my camera and thermostat it's super easy to use and is just getting better.
b'Uninstalled and reinstalled this app now my chromecast is working again ??'
Es una basura. Tanto el dispositivo Chrome cast como el software. Cada que lo quiero usar necesito hacer factory resety configuration todo de nuevo, si no, no puedes hacer nada. Cuando por fin logras configurarlo se desconecta constantemente, incluso la app te dice que no hay ningun dispositivo. Le doy una estrella pues no me es posible ponerme cero. Una porquera
b'??First 5 minutes after I installed this app and everything is hooked up and working great. Absolutely love it this an incredible app thanks again Google\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f'
Works great other than a few bugs
Streaming (buffering) issues still persists....
It's very useful and easy to use. It makes our life easy.
Don't EVER send me bull$hit emails like the last one. I don't push my life style down anyone's throat. DON'T DO IT TO ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you don't mind watching Netflix with a 3 second voice delay then it's fine
How to using one mobile phone screen mirroring Plz give instructions
Don't waste your money works for couple of months then it doesn't useless
b'Unable to cast after last updates fix it ??????'
Stopped working on four devices.
Amazing app. Little tricky to navigate at first but powerful once you get to know where everything is.
Pandora does not work
Very fun idea but some applications dont work. Amazon video for example doesnt work.
The only way I could be more happy with this is if I could voice control Sirius XM radio station like I can with Alexa
b"What is going on.. why can't I find my Chromecast on YouTube... I've been trying to connect Chromecast on YouTube but I can't find any cast...???????? Please help me to fix it.??????"
Doesn't work with iTunes music.
Please fix the bug with huawei phones! I can't connect my Huawei mate RS with the chromecast!
Love the app. Please add Theater Mode for chromecast & google home speakers.
Not working on Moto g5s plus
Sudden updated creates problems..
I can't register my Gmail account on Huawei p20 pro
No longer displays stop button in device screen. Now an extra 2 taps to stop casting. Why remove functionality?
It would be awesome if we were able to shuffle playlists on youtube. Please add that in the next update!
Keeps going in circles and not connecting
Lots of problems connecting to chrome cast
Cannot find the cast button
Stopped working after update today
Not work cant see the cc
Must have for Netflix wigging out
Only have to have this program because my poor-quality Chromecast keeps losing the network. Awesome job Alphabet...
Can't cast and can't fix problem
Cannot cast on any apps. Reset Chromecast and router and still not working.
When will family link and voice match be available in SA?
Nice to use with Netflix YouTube and various other casting stations and this app helps me to use other apps that are cheaper than cable.
since the update in recent months, it works amazingly great, loving it, casting to various devices around the house, depending what room i'm in
In Redmi note 5 pro the software is not controlling the volume from phone it's bug in the software or mobile?
I travel a lot & the Chromecast dongle travels with me. It's a beautiful thing!
Up until recently, I can't connect to my Netflix account. What's going on?
It isn't compatible with many devices
Great app, not sure why it takes so long to get new features in Canada.
A good product but what else would you expect from google
Not very efficient for advanced users
I keep calling Google home mini Alexa woops but this app is AMAZING
Stopped working with new update
It's cool but needs more convection
After update, unable to cast
b"I love it I can't wait to my Google home mini cabs and we'll test it out ??????????"
just hope that Google home other features like calling from speaker can be use in Indonesia
b'CHROMECAST IS BACK . THANKS GOOGLE TEAM????'
Doesn't work for older phones
Crashes as soon as I open it.
App is much faster than Alexa app. Supports more services than the Alexa app, even free plans. Better in every way.
My pixel 2 xl can't set my Chromecast up but other phones can
Broken since last update.
I think it's a great app and everyone should get a chromecast to use I can use Instagram on it and play games with it I think its amazing
Apps doesn't show option to cast from 27 july
Stopped working. What's going on??
Not working since last update. Can't cast anything
I would like the home devices to access apps like audible and Tidal and be able to listen to books and music on command.
Direct casting from mobile not working... very poor app from Google..
After latest update cant connect or cast anymore fcukgoogle.
Chromecast stopped working...!
Very bad when it does not work, very good when it does.
Cannot cast anything anymore, something broke on the last update
Its cannot connect chromecast after update
My spoyify always stopping on google home devices I cant figure out why?
Hu I don't know
Where can i get my routines menu to edit my routines? It seems it's missing on the settings menu
its connet with airtle internet tv (set ob box) creat mirring.. in. non smat tv..
Casting is good but screen mirroring is very very laggy on chromecast 2
Love it but please add shortcuts to the south african app. It would make life much simpler.
It needs more song sites so i can access the songs with it that are on my phone without a subscription or membership
Today...none of my apps have the cast icon...just disappeared!
It's not working, I tell the google home to turn lights off or on and it does nothing.
Worked fine now it doesnt work Google fix this you suck
Awsome app for home control and managing all google products
Finally all the Chromecast options working on my P10 lite
The Google home mini is an amazing device which needs this app
Surdenly from 27 June cast icon is missing from all the apps
Unable cast Google photos
Rubbish not working with chromecast
Not able to cast anything
Latest update broke casting
Amazing. It changes the way you watch tv.
Can't delete other tv's and just really does not want to work at all with NZ services.
Chrome cast would never set up. I'm returning my equipment
Google Assistant environment works for me well.
Give us an option to prevent devices from casting to others.
Since an update I can no longer connect to any of my devices
Not working! Please fix it! ASAP! (June 27, 2018)
Ye kise me bhi connect nhi ho rakha h kyo
Great tool to have only problem is that doesn't connect without chrome cast
Can't open the settings screen. Logcat shows java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatViewInflater, from AssistantSettingsActivity.onCreate
Fix app!! Can't cast any longer from some websites. Never had a problem before.
Updat aap selet you tube videos low midiyam hig selet regulations
Cannot cast to first generation Chromecasts anymore.
Ok app. Wish it had Moore widgets to download
Cant cast screen after the last android 8.0 update, please fix it.
The app was working find as the 27/06/18 please fix it
No longer seeing the cast icon in YouTube
Cannot add any google devices...no add option under devices as there should be
The directions for Chromecast after downloading the app does not exist.
We bought a Google Home and an Alexa Spot the Google was hands down a superior product in terms of Home control and programmability.
Stopped working all in sudden
Not able to use this for call
Unable to log in with an existing account
b'ive just recently got chromecast and this app does everything i need ??'
Constantly have to uninstall n install to cast to tv
Since update, i can nolonger screen mirror my s7edge phone
garbage cast set up
Google pixel andappsarr disappointing
unable to connect with the latest update
Can't cast cause it's unavailable
Out of a sudden not in use
It is not working properly
Settings not self explanatory
Way way to long to find your devices when you connect to wifi
It won't even connect to my pho e for at least 5min
No more set new or dection after reset of chromecast device
Cannot cast since latest update. Please fix the bug
It has no calling option to use with Google Home mini.
Works well BUT : 1)There should be a way for us to add other music providers than Spotify and Google play music especially ones that are globally available like "Deezer" and more region specific ones like "Anghami " since they are the only available alternative to the 2 mentioned above thar are not available in alot of countries yet 2) There should be a way to make a Google home device make a Google search and tell you information about it since it sometimes says stuff like "I can't help with that yet" but u can clearly get instant info if You do a Google search 3) I noticed that saying: "translate -phrase or word- to Japanese" doesn't do anything while saying : "what's the meaning of -word or phrase- in Japanese " it totally gets it and gives you the answer even though these 2 commands should be one in the same .
Very fiddly and doesn't work properly, recommend Amazon equivalent
27june18 , i cant cast any apps to my Chromecast!!!
Google Assistant is a lot better than Alexa. So glad I switched. Thank you Google Team
It doesnt connect with my rm pro it doesnt retrain my voice
Simple app to use with Home devices. I use a Pixel 2, a Google Home, and Home Mini and all of the features are great.
Doesn't connect any more.
why this app could not find my account even it already has all the permission needed.
I liked the last update.....the new one is inconvenient
It's amazing to help control everything involved with your own Google home or Chromecast TV
Great app but times we have trouble connecting
Its not working. Its not connecting. And voice is not been tranfered to tv very well. Need to work more
It great intill my friend ruin it MY TV
why it not working cool but need to fix a litter
Can't connect anymore after latest update
Cant find my chromecast in devices. Only app that can find it is Youtube.
Every time has to restart my mobile to connect with Chromecast
Not working at all tried everything its not connecting.
The cast button is missing. Installed again, but no connection.
I can't cast off Prime video. Why? I hear audio but no video on TV.
No much of the chrome cast games except motion tennis
b'Chromecast is da bomb ??'
It's a good app with ok choices all it needs is apple music support and it'll be perfect
When scanning, it Cant even find my chrome cast
All my chromecast devices are now not working so it's just this update was not a good one
not working no cast icon no show my in apps
Chromecast cast button is gone.
The home Max can not cast
Best thing since jello
Chromecast no longer works with android S9
It sucks. Cannot access shopping list from home page.
Two mobile required. Dear developers please make easy n make possible on one mobile operating
It should be much easier to use,and absolutely less complicated to in just about every way !!
Cannot access More Settings or Shopping List or
Can no longer cannot to my Chromecast
Google Home for Googe. Works on my Chromebook, Note 8, Tablets, etc.
I found this app exceptionally easy to use. No nonsense app that does just what you need it to.
Chromecast isn't working today... Working normally something has f'd up
Won't setup Chromecast. Have to use my PC to setup Chromecast instead.
Chromecast not working on app. Device cannot be detected
b'How can i play mygames thru here to my ??'
Like to know the status of Calling Features and SMS service as it's already build in Google assistant
Does not work reliably with Chromecast audio
I need to use google as my collaboration
Youtube, Netflix etc. No cast button
the chromecast is not not working for almost a week now what happened?
Gets 1 star for not working with G-Suite.
Can I cast videos from my on collection ? Thanks
Can't find any of my 3 Chromecast devices.
The first day of the 1000 year reign
Please add support of jio music app
b'Holler at me Makaveli still here, u get me??'
Absolute rubbush,does not cast
Everybody should really get a google home
Please add bluetooth audio support for chromecast
Always fails in new and exciting ways. Do better Google.
Does not work!!
Better than old Google . Did good work. Appreciate your work
Please let me cast to my TV again. Thanks.
Chromecast is not working.. apps are not showing cast icon
b'Chromecast is working now ??'
Cast options are now missing from multiple apps.
Google, the Chromecast is not mirroring my phone
50/50 chance casting works most of the time
Total waste of time
Not working since yesterday!
Clunked out on Note4, works as detailed on Pixel2 xl.
Can't cast video anymore since the update-27/06/18
Uninstalled app no since in having it if it cannot find my Chromecast
Why cant i access Routines settings anymore?
Last update June 2018 stopped the ability to cast to chromecast module....
Problem fixed great app when it is working
It's not casting plz chk asap
Nothing special about it. It does what it is supposed to do.
b"My Chromecast isn't working with the new version update!!! ??"
Can no longer cast
You google are up to something sshaddy .
It works about 18 percent of the time.
Its garvege wont cast screen
Spotify cannot repeat a song
Its amazing good work google !!!
I will believe it when see it at the end
Remove all mney I have
Will not connect to my phone
It not seeing my cromecast
Add option for change wifi network
Love it. Looking forward to future updates.
Good app very useful
just downloaded the app so far so good here's hoping it stays that way!!
Can't open any settings at all
Hoping it's back on my home page
Cannot cast to android tv. Seriously?
Not mirroring devices anymore.
Why can't I cast? Won't pick up device
Most of the time it's not working!
It's not working on my phone
won't connect since update
I have to stay with this app is a great thing
Needs an app to open but won't open app.
Need quick updates in India too
And now I'm waiting for the Dutch language.... Then it will be five stars
b"Thank you! \xe2\x98\xba Everyone reboot! It's fixed."
Why didn't you let me play!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very faulty and buggy
Very nice app work pretty well with my Google home mini
Won't play music anymore! Please fix!
Didn't connect to Chromecast Ultra
This app is so well made for setting up you Google devices
Buggy. Screen sharing works on and off.
FYI: news feeds ....Chromecast/Home is down worldwide
App needs a complete revamp.
I have a Google home
Doesn't connects to my wifi
After update i can't cast any thing to tv. Please fix
Chromecast not working!
Everything is working good now.
Just trying the app out
Won't let me update!
Needs to much access to information
A 1+ app
Mirroring hardly ever works
Cannot cast anything
Everything is fine....but i hope the feature of calling will soon be compatible in India
i have to try first this app
Not sure what's going on!
Nice and easy to use
Sometimes its not working
Simple but highly efficient.
There is no call option
My chrocast is not working
blocked all uk apts
Chromecast will not connect
Controlling my home devices
Can't connect to a login WiFi.
Play music is broken
Google & me for eternity !)
Worst app ever
My best friend at home.
Not able connect
I like it it's very good
Update killed the app
Does not work
Last update is the worst
I like it very much.
Useful utility if you have a Google Home or Chromecast device.
Please enable this app to add chromecast using same mobile hotspot.
calm down on the adds
Geo location to configure a chromecast device?! You can do better than this, guys.
It's so good only if I can change it to korea
I can no longer cast after the update, very unhappy
AMAZ APP FOR TV'S
The best app i have every used.I get the best movie experience HD
Broadcast is not working!!!
Its overall great i dont know what else to say about it really
Doesn't work
Why you need location?
b'It dosent work at all when I it ry to link the light switch ????'
After new update F'ing sucks!!!!!!!!
Converted my normal TV as SMART INTERNET TV ENJOYING CASTING EVERYDAY
Once the device plugged and connected, The device heats up is that normal?
Poor app by google.
asked for update, no one proved, put into endless loop
It's very helpful when I want to stream a movie or something
Finally play/pause
May it works in Moto E4 plus??
Can't setup Chromecast .... Trying to watch the game!!!!
It is the best thing ever made Google is the best
b"So far it's Okay ??."
It won't hook to cat 6 wifi application stinks
App is crapp!
Where is the settings menu?
Its great conecting to the chromecast
I love Google Technology
I can't update the app...
It's so good now I can cast on crome
Nothing is working !!
Great app!
I never imagined Google provide such worst App
Not working at all
Chromecast not working
Cannot cast
It keeps stopping
Goed te gebruiken
Chromecast drops connection
Iiuu OK b
And the same time
It helps me
It in the product that makes it
I poop on the floor
Took excursions to the party
No calling setting
Started working again
Was awesome, now not so. Won't connect, tried everything.
Chromecast working again
Waiting vietnamese language
I like the app
Not much hlep
Cannot connect
Hack3rs should be shot
A must have
Trying to get it back
Great app, and secondary volume good for low volume phone.
This is great! I have so much fun
b'I loved this app and it helps me with almost everything ??'
Is real work
Need lots done, ..
This app is good for Google home preferences.
It's pretty cool
I love the app so helpful thank you.
Pretty good but please add more functions
Love all the fun I can have with casting
Google is best i love Google because Google is better than the Apple...huh
Good app. Easy to use.
Not working
Works!
Not working..does Not recognize my mail id only...
Very helpful for Google home, home mini, and Chromecast devices
Why isn't routine option not displayed in the app on my phone??
Stopped working
Must to be in different lenguages. But it's awesome this device.
Works well.
It's good but need for app for games
Easy set up. Great customer support
I Think It's a really good app.
Good app people you should install it
It is OK but it could be a lot better
It is nice little bit to be set up
b'Fell in love ??????????'
It's okay
Problem solved
b'5 Multiple languages? ??????'
chromageddon!
working now.... Happy
Doesn't help you troubleshoot glitches
great untill today. now nothing works.
Very Good , working for mibox 3
It is poop
b'\xd0\xa1\xd0\xbd\xd0\xbe\xd0\xb2\xd0\xb0 \xd0\xb7\xd0\xb0\xd1\x80\xd0\xb0\xd0\xb1\xd0\xbe\xd1\x82\xd0\xb0\xd0\xbb'
Not working
Not working
Awesome keep up the good work
Best app to cast to tv with chromecast
just amazing thank you Google
b'LOVE \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f IT VERY EASY'
easy and useful way to broadcast to tv
My chromecast is simply not working..
Awsome when I want to listen to music
Mean Maori
Hard to navigate
I like it
Nothing works
Sometimes it sucks
I like
Google Home
Works well
Not working
Google Home
Yes indeed
Poor casting
Ok when working
No coment
Not sure
no options no customization barebone pos
To enjoy the normal television as smart television
Very functional! Love Google products
It's the best
Good one
Simple design, easy to use.
The app is great when it works.
Very good application for kids.
Bad app
Constantly disconnects
Unreliable connection
Boring UI
Good app. Useful, I like it.
So useful, and amazing at answering questions.
Sucks
Is just what I needed!!!
I feel like I'm testing the future. I feel better.
It is not work properly.
More tracking from google!
Nice application for watching on tv
Works great thus far
Good app for Chrome cast
Thank you for helping me
So far so good
Easy to use fast and simple
Love and like so much
Great but could be better
I think this is brilliant x
When it connects it works great
Like-it
Love Google
Awesome app, love it.
I love it I watch everything
@wesome
No major complaints.
It's Google !! Love it
AWESOME!
wow very usefull,
Don't seem to work
Amazing
I love this app.
Brill love it .. get it
The Best!
(+PRIVATE.POLICY+) agent.io.mobile.individaul.terms.of.services.added.tracker.sdk.jenkins.ruby.apis.scanning.update
Great app!
Works great!
Really good!
Great app!
Sucks
Watch
Yes
Not connected properly
I love this app
Good and it works perfectly
Its Pretty good
Best ting ever
Very good app
It is very nice
i enjoy my chromecast
love it Chromecast is awesome
Very nice app
This is a useful application
Is not bad
Just nice and convenient
I it really helpful
Amazing and really helpful
Very useful app
Does exactly what it says
it is better than t.v
Awesome stuff
Great app
good app
Pretty smooth
Good life
Nice app
Very useful app.thx
Awrsome
Ok
Ok
Stupi
Worsy
Thanks
Buggy
Yes
Nicr
Thanks
Yaaaaas
Song
xxx
EVOL
i use it
Yep
Super
Ghome
Thanks
NA
Idk
Idk
Love this app.
works great
Unreliable
b'The Best ??'
It's great
b'??????????'
Nice app.
Nice and shrt wAy .....
Excelent app....!!
b'Its awesome??????????'
Osm....
Awesome!
Worthless
b'??'
Love it!!!
So basic
Good app
Good app
this app is awesome
Very nice
Good one
So cool
I love it
Best app
Very useful
Love this app
This is awesome
This is grat
Nice app
good app
It good
Best of luck
Its good
Really good
Good service
Good one
Works fine
Good app
Very good
Not bad
Good and simple for what it is
Great value
Simply Google
Great app
Usefull app
Just awesome
Love it lol
I love it...
Trash
Fake
Bad
Garbage
Helpful !!!!!
b'??COOL'
GOOD.
Perfect
Good
Excellent
Good
Love it
Love it....
Great
Great
Great
Love it
Good
Good
good
Nice
Good
great
Excellent
Awesome
Awesome
Good
Usefull
Nice
NICE
Superb
Gr8
Nice
Cool
nice
Good
Good
Excited
Perfection
Good
Perfect
great
BEST
Nice
Cool
Love
Fantastic
Good
Love it
Great
Good
Love
Good
Nice
Amazing
Good
Cool
excellent
excellent
Love it
b'??????'
My devices can't find the Google Chrome cast, I have to reset it to make it work... But after a few days I have to do all over again. I have the first generation Google Chrome cast also but I switched to the new version because the streaming quality is better, but the old one worked very good and it was always ready... I wish I can get a refund for my money....
I need to restart a LOT of times to find my Chromecast. Worst, I need to do a factory reset an redo setup to get it back up and running smh Android version is useless in setting up Chromecast, always saying something went wrong, restart app. Can only perform successful setup using the iOS version of home. Pathetic.
Worst app by Google. Trying to connect with Google Home Speakers but failed. Do not but Google Home Products in same amount you'll get much better and user friendly products. Google Home Speaker Review : 1. Connection issue with wifi. 2. Sound quality below average. In same amount you can get better sound quality & features. 3. No battery. Needs power suppy to operate. 4. You can't carry this device with you for picnic, parties etc. Better options are available in marker. Try them before buying Google Home Products.
i feel disappointing that it needs to have of requirements to be connected. until now 3 of my phones are not connected.. iphone TV is easier to use.... all my phone are android and with sync google account.... considering that.. i still couldnt connect,, i couldnt use it,.... for people who are not a computer freak who has a minimum knowledge with technical stuff like this, dont waste money!!!!
Does not works Keep telling me this account already exist in this device. I tried to remove account and re adding through the home, but Google home mini seems to me is wasted effort. What a rip off. From Google. Returning to shop tomorrow and buy Alexea
Does Not Work :-/ Iguess my Chromecast must be defective as the 'cast'-ing from my Samsung Chromebook works only about 25% of the time. Sometimes it can 'Cast other times the device is not seen. Glad it seemed to have worked reliably for others. As far as I am concerned it is a water of money!
The app doesn't allow adding any of my existing FREE music providers, or even recognize my smart TV which is already added to my gmail account... it is kind of enforcing google eco system only... regret buying google home device which is now only an expensive search engine by voice that I dont need as I already have on my phone
Recently brought the Google Mini. After install this app I can't choose my account, the screen is blank. It forces me to login, try to login and it tell me, the account is on the phone, and don't allow me to continue. I have to do a factory rest of my phone to get it working. Very bad app totally not function as expected. Please fix and give us update.
My Chromecast keeps freezing, buffering and getting kicked off Wi-Fi. I Have done everything listed and nothing works. In this day and age where tech is advanced there shouldn't be this issue at all!!
Setup is not smooth for Google Home speakers and chromecast. The app is too buggy. Settings are not easily accessible plus the link given for App support in Google Play is bogus. I haven't received a single reply till date for my queries. Disappointed. Nothing works as per expectations. It is a huge waste of time dealing with the software glitches.
Stupid. I have a Google pixel 2 and google Chromecast. Trying to cast with 5g internet and it won't connect. It will however suggest to connect to the Amazon fire stick (30' from TV I'm trying to watch). Get a fire stick!!
I've used this app for over a year with no issues but yesterday suddenly it's removed the cast icon from all my apps making my chromecast useless!! If it's not fixed soon I may as well throw it away!
**Still not fixed the below issue with this update, do they want people to switch to Alexa?** Even after the update today they still haven't fix the issue with adding new accounts in home control/smart home. Which just is just enabling Amazon and their Alexa to gain more ground over the Google home. Very disappointing.
When casting it disconnects from devices randomly. It started after an update. First few months worked great. After an update both Chromecast devices in different locations had same problem. Other casting devices being used have no issue. I trust Google but not sure why we have this issue
Very deceptive advertising. Half the features advertised don't work. Either it's not available in my country or just doesn't work properly. Why can't I get afl scores like in the TV ad? The help and feedback button takes you to chromecast help for some reason. These things have been around for a few years now I expect a lot more from Google.
Initial setup was a breeze. Have not been able to get app to see my smart devices regardless of what I try. Seems clunky when compared to Alexa where it recognizes my devices immediately. Can't get it to work with Sirius either. Overall, I'm sticking with Alexa.
Appears impossible to remove a device from the app so that Google Home can't access it. I use more than one Smart device for control and I don't want Google Home to be able to access everything. You also cannot add new devices if one already exists by that brand unless you unlink the brand and then link it back. Very stupid system. I have a window fan in the living room and a fan in the bedroom. I'd I tell Google Home to turn in the fan, it turns them both on. I'd like my son to be able to control living room devices but not things in my bedroom. If you specify "Window Fan", then it operates just that one, but there should be a way to detach other devices in case someone just says "fan".
This is the most reliable way to get Chromecasts to disconnect. But regarding home automation, there is room for improvement. It's also disappointing to see updates taking so long to roll out. It would be nice to get some communication from Google about why that is.
Do not use this if you have an Outlook calendar. It cannot enter items directly into it or read out appointments. Buy the Amazon Echo instead. This Google device looks good but the home automation page refused to open for 3 days. Eventually updating a totally seperate google app fixed the problem. Even their help line did not know about this. The Google Home regularly loses connection to the smart devices for no clear reason. Basically a $200 brick.
It doesn't detect Google account automatically, on brand new Huawei P Smart so asks for sign-in details. I enter email address and submit and get an "This account already exists on your device" error. Even creating a new Google account from the sign-up page ends up producing the same error. This app used to work fine on previous phone, but is unusable now
Easy to install. Good sound on the Google Home device. One problem with Google Home is it doesn't seem to know about linked calendars. Asking what I have on today only tells me about appointments (and I think Events) on my main calendar. Reminders birthdays and secondary calendar activities seem to be ignored.
Latest update just broke both my Chromecast and Chromecast Audio. Constantly have had issues previously with devices not being visible. It's great when it is working. Just fix it....
Disappointed with one thing.... How is there not a widget yet!!! An active switch for quick pause and play of Chromecasts, and Homes/mini homes. A quick dongle to shift through the devices Instead of opening the app and funneling through notifications.
b"Telling me my email already exists, I opened two new email accounts but still saying the same thing. I'm returning it to Argos for my full refund. It's causing me too much stress! I thought it was supposed to be a 3 step connection. Huge disappointment! ??"
Unstable as ever. Volume controls will disappear from the volume buttons and there is no easy way to reach it from the app running in the notification. After three years of releasing the audiocast, it's a shame that the app is still flaky as ever.
Will this app ever function properly with other so called compatable apps??? Hopefully one day, seems to be getting worst!.... constantly closes and loses connection to devices!....if there was anything else to use, I would!
Constant failure to connect an inability to properly use Wi-Fi make this app and its accompanying Hardware practically garbage. Unable to follow even a simple YouTube broadcast I would not recommend this to anyone
Netflix won't connect. TV apps wont connect. All play fine on the phone! What have you done! !!! ???? Update, now it works and drops out at random completely messing up the device and films you are trying to cast!! Is there his really the best Google can do?
Worst. Saying "play Hare Krishna radio from tune in radio" used to just work. But not any more. I don't have any other reason to have this. I want to sell it now.
Got Google Home as a Mother's Day gift but it won't install on my phone. It just gives me the email loop and won't sign me in. Created 3 new accounts and still doesn't work. Really not happy about this! Make it work and will review again...
Offers a very seamless, integrated control point for all cast devices. Generally very intuitive and simple to learn. When there are problems (it happens), it's simple enough to fix issues through the interface.
Easy to set up and highly controllable. I don't know what more you people want. These negative reviews are blasphemy and filled with people looking to complain about anything.
Utter garbage. Worst "modern" user interface I have seen in years. Finally gave up and placed the Chromecast Ultra in the trash bin. What a waste of time and money.
Taking nothing away from the use of the actual product, but the app doesn't work for me. Tried Uninstaller and reinstalling, if I click on a button it usually does nothing
I was having trouble getting the app to connect to Google home. However I did a hard reset on my phone and now everything is back to normal. So I brought my rating back up to five stars. Yay
Worked well until last update. Using huawei mate 10 pro and it says that my device is no longer compatible to cast screen and audio. And again after a few weeks i made same mistake and updated my chrome home app and casting screen from mobile to tv is impossible again!
So until the latest update it worked fine now it's not letting me do anything so I reset the app and cleared all app data now it's trying to say my account isn't there and then when I try add it it is saying this account is in use.. THIS MUST BE FIXED..
I use this app to cast to a chromecast for teaching and now it won't work. just get a blue cast icon. I need to be able to mirror my table screen . Use a Google Pixel C and chrome cast. What happened?
My google account is not showing in the choose account option.. Even though when i m creating new account it is crashing automatically. I have brought google chromecast but not able to use it bcoz of this bug in this app..
I have been trying to configure the home coontrol, but have not been able to open it. It asks me to add account which I already have 3 linked with my phone. When I try to add it again, it says already exist. When I click home cpntrol, it just flips to the main page :(
Can't access the home controls for my devices anymore. No way to add or remove smart home devices as list is not showing. Come on Google, pull your finger out and sort this out. Using on android 8.1.0 oreo on Huawei P20. Seems to have changed during last update.
It's not finding my account, not connecting to anything and the update has made it completely useless. I'll just have to use an alternative
Terrible. It just stopped working all of a sudden. Had to reinstall it, but now It's not listing my Google accounts. The menu texts don't make a single sense. Makes me think how's that possible considering all the money they pay for their developers.
Absolute garbage app required to set up a chrome cast!! Ended up having to use my computer in the next room. Doesn't let you use the Google account already set up on your phone. Make a new one and it doesn't accept that one either. Completely useless
It's great but why is uk always sold short I have bought the same product but have less features compared to America, that's pretty poor really especially from google who have great software and no reason not to give us the features currently available to them.
This app is so incredibly frustrating to use, the documents regarding it are no longer up to date, I can't seem to find a way to add or restart my device. It's just stressing me out every time I have to use it.
Please fix the home app. Before I able to used it but in recent update I can't connect to my Chromecast. I already reinstall the app but still have a problem. I already factory reset my Chromecast but it still didn't help. Pleaseeeeee fix this Google.
Settles 80% of all arguments between couples. Remaining issue is a question asked on my cellular device in office only gets a reply at the Google home in the kitchen which I cannot hear.
Absolutely useless. Wont let me sign in as i already am yet wont show an account at sign in to select so i can use the damn thing
b"Very Glitchy. Googles Chromecast doesn't even work right on googles movies and music let alone Netflix and Hulu, it's all Glitchy now!!! I should NOT have updated! Please fix??"
Since the update it does not connect to Chromecast. I've tried the usual factory reset. Uninstall and reinstall Google home. Useless product and app. Do your self a favour by another make of casting device.
Oh.my.God. My accounts are not showing up at the left side like it's just blank! yet it's totally okay with other Google apps like Gmail, Hangouts, etc. How do I fix this.. I really need to play my playlist in Spotify but this part is f-ed up and I can't link my account with my mom because of this! And no, I ain't accepting that I need to open my Spotify app all the time because it's so inconvenient to do so. Before, I just say "Hey Google, play some music" and then music does play from Spotify (without having to open my Spotify on mobile); now, I can't. Simply because of this problem.
Always used the Chromecast on my old Samsung s7 but I got a note8 now and can't get it to connect up anymore, went and brought a cast audio the other day and found I can't play music from my phone through it, looks like I can only do it if I get a subscription to Google play app, then I can listen to my own music
Well everything started off ok, probably spent nearly 400 on google home,lights etc. Get constant error msg on phone after it has carried out the requested command. 'Unable to connect to google at the moment' Tried to find fix, bit I am getting fed up of searching for the fix myself. Only use the app-help@google is if you want to be ignored. They probably just end up in someone 'junk mail'.
I just do not understand Google's continuing tinkering/ruining of perfectly functioning apps? They have actually destroyed so many of there apps it's really frustrating..... Home simply DOESN'T allow me to connect at all since the last update..... Use this account?.... What account? The is none listed (even though i am logged onto my phone and have full functionality from my Google account)... Ok so I'll just sign in inserted then... Oh no don't be silly that would be too easy, this email address is already in use..... I KNOW IT IS.... I was an early adopter of Chromecast and got everyone I knew into them as I was that enthused by it... Now? I give up
Will not let me sign in when I type my email it keeps saying account already exist I use this app a lot especially for my googel home but now it will not even let me log in I am also having the same problem with Chrome this is very poor
Features missing that are claimed to be available for UK (caller id) can't change from within app because feature is missing from app yet Google give instructions on how to get it but it's not there
I have installed this on my new netbook and it only lets me go so far then it turns to nonsense. It asks you to sign in but it won't let me, I enter my sign in details and it says this account already exists?? DUH that's why I'm trying to sign in with it. Then it wants details so I put in my name press next and the damn thing freezes. It's beyond funny because I need it to control my Chromecast.
No longer displays any options, so I can't control any devices. Removed, reinstalled, cleared cache - All the usual stuff, but still refuses to work. Doesn't even recognise any accounts on my phone.
Keep trying,one day you will get it right totally screwed app. Pisses me off my Chromecast does not work right. All these bad updates
It used to be OK, but lately I am not sure if it is due to a bug on one of the update, I can't access the more setting section of the app anymore. Uninstall giving me even more pain as it claiming account already exist but cannot use the account configured on phone. I have to clear data on Google play service to restore the function. But the next day Sam issue occurred!
Can't add my Google account so I pretty much can't setup or use my Chromecast from my phone (Huawei p20 pro).. what's wrong?
I love using my Chromecast, but the connection is pretty fickle. I usually lose a connection once per movie, which is annoying. Some days are better than others.
The app is useless it does not function, I can't press my settings that will literally not do anything! Device settings if I was to tap anything with that IT WILL NOT DO Anything. ALL I WANTED TO DO WAS RETRAIN MY VOICE WITH MY GOOGLE HOME. Now I have cleared both cache and data AND IT WILL NOT FIND MY GOOGLE ACCOUNT LINKED TO THE GOOGLE HOME. It will also not find Bluetooth devices and my smart TV which does has casting built inside. I now cannot use my Google home and refuse to use it because of this stupid unfunctionable app! If you want me to use your product make the app functional!
Bought chromecast to watch downloaded Netflix episodes away from home, then find need WiFi for them to work, big shame should have bought miracast.
Downloaded the latest update and couldn't go past the cast screen button; results to a black screen and disconnection. The last update was fine until I updated it.
Worst app from Google. Please don't waste your money on buying Google home.
Terrible. Trying to change music provider. I can't open the settings page that let's you do so. I am now spending 9.99 a month and cannot get music through Google home because the app doesn't work. Sort it out I'm wasting my money.
The app works ok, however where are the promised updates and functions from the v1.3x series?? Months of online saying "wow look at this cool feature.. Like voices.." But not in Canada.. Again.
The Google home is trash unless you have a bunch of extra money to pay for every service because after I stop paying for YouTube red it wouldn't even play a song I liked just whatever it wanted
Why it can't have chromecast receiver? I'm in vain process on looking for working one. You made this thing, why can't I use my Tv Android Box as chromecast receiver?
This app is complete trash, my chormecast is basically useless since they switched it to be used with this app, I can't even get to the home screen and Google can't even email me back to tell me what's the problem SMH! Do buy a chormecast and don't buy a Roku stick, I've had both and the only streaming devices that's been worth my money is the Amazon fire stick, so I guess that's what I'll continue using.
If you have neihbors on the same wifi its kind of a nightmare because they can see what youre casting from their phones or the app
This is a Chromecast Review: I own three GEN1 and two GEN2 Chromecast devices that I use in hotel rooms when I travel and at home. I also bought a GEN1 Chromecast ( #6) for my son to use at home and when he visits friends. I recently subscribed to YouTubeTV and love the ability to move between rooms and have what I am watching meet me when I get to the next TV!
It hasn't been visible in weeks! I got it to show up twice and nothing I do works. I'd like to watch on my TV thank you. Fix it
Neither home app or assistant usable/supporter on honor 8 device anymore. Trying to enter the settings on either app just takes you back to the main screen. Means my Google home devices are now doorstops yet Google not responding or admitting there is a proven despite loads of internet posts saying huweui/honor devices not working.
It's not letting me put any Google account I have, because 'It already exists on this device', but it's not giving me the option to sign in with an already existing account
So far it's been neat but I don't use it as much as I'd like since I have no other products like chromecast yet. I think I'll update when I actually have more to do with it. Most of the stuff I try with my home mini I can do with my phone plain.
I am waiting to be able to make phone calls or send text from my Google home. I lived in NYC, and now reside in Puerto Rico and in this region the feature is not available....
I'm unable to connect to my home mini unable to connect to my Chromecast and it won't connect to my Chromecast audio yeah and guess what I got pixel 2 XL
Suddenly all settings related to Google home is inaccessible.. Does not respond. Please fix!
I can't connect to my Google Home mini to set it up after I recently updated to Android P Beta.
Chromecast was great before, but the new remote control notifications suck. It needs to be possible to restrict remote control notifications per device and not per phone.
Also after the previous updated,app is continuously crashes...I spoked with the Google support...it's useless
Why won't my explore update I go to explore and it tells me to update and does nothing please hellp
Casting of youtube and other services is ok but unable to cast screen of mobile any solution plz
Fed up of this "This account already exists on this device" error... There seems to be no solution to this
Every time I connect it up, it keeps saying chromecast has ended it is so annoying!! And it takes me about 40 mins just to watch something using it!
This app used to work until Samsung decided to update their software which then meant that the Google Home app stopped working therefore I am unable to create multi-room groups for audio come on Google get a grip on
Sometimes Chromecast gives a lot of problems. I love it, but hate how complicated it can be.
Would love to use this to its fullest but as per usual Google hasn't released a product globally, so no Google Home in the UK. This attitude has to change
A waste of space. I hthem both to theave a Vizio television with built-in Wi-Fi and Goggle Chromecast with all their apps and I have never been able to get it to work. I've reached out to Vizio (not truthful) and I've tried to contact Google with no success. I need to repor
Easy to use and setup. Kind of need to dig around to find some simple things, but overall great app.
Please fix Google home. It worked not to long ago. A couple days ago all the sudden my Google mini will not make sound even though the volume is up when I'm mirroring
The app just doesn't work. If i try to open a tab it closes it. Fix the bug plz
Doesn't conect to my phone properly when mirroring screens sometimes, anoying
I use this app for my google home mini and 4 out of 10 times the ghm does not respond , and many times it says something went wrong. Not sure if it's a problem with the app.
I cannot sign in to my account it just says this account already exists on this device. Cant even use the chromecast i have just bought. I am very annoyed . What a pile of rubbish! Sort it oit Google.
Chromecast reliability is atrocious, awareness of what is even going on my chromecasts/home mini is awful, loses connection frequently for no reason
Uninstalled then reinstalled as I was having issues viewing my shopping list. Now I cannot login to the App on my Android phone, with my Google account. Message saying, "This account already exists on your device". So now, I cannot connect with Google Home at all. Please fix ASAP
After the latest update when I mirror anything to TV it appears cropped. It is not for to screen. Previously, it was perfect.
Use to work just fine for my Note 8, now it doesnt. Wont cast the screen at all. Not sure what happened. 1 star until its fixed.
When I tap cast screen it starts disconnecting instead of connecting. Unable to cast Android screen.
Most of the features do not work, and it detects things that aren't there while ignoring things that are.
Totally left my devices open to hackers. Worked well with my iphone but when I switched to a new android device it lets malicious neighbors onto my accounts
Don't buy google home mini if you live in india..it doesn't have options like booking a cab or placing an order online..Amazon alexa has all these feature..totally disappointed with this device...
I was thrilled to see the availability of the new multiple voices and picked one to differentiate "my" assistant's responses from those of my spouse's assistant. This morning, I was combing through Preferences to see what might benefit from updating (as my spouse and I move away from our Echo devices as we get ready for the forthcoming display-capable versions of Google Home) and when I looked at the Assistant voice preference screen, instead of seeing all eight voices, I only see "Voice 1". I've rebooted, deleted cache, deleted data, rebooted into Safe Mode -- none of those bring show me the 8 voices I saw mere days ago. (I can switch to the "old" male voice via "OK, Google -- change voice", but that doesn't let me select any of the six other new ones.) I finally found a current post on Reddit where several people mentioned the same (disappearing voices) issue, so it appears that the app (or something on the back-end) has introduced a bug. Here's hoping that it gets corrected soon. (And that we get even more voice options in the near future!)
My Chromecast is not working from my pc at all, only from my tablet... I've tried all possible solutions suggested by Google all to no avail... Hope Google fixes this asap...many people have the same problem, it seems from all the reviews today...
It works. The one problem I still have with the Chromecast is it still doesn't support Amazon streaming.
4.5 - 5 for the app, 4 for the assistant. The app is very stable and easy to learn, however, the assistant still has much growing to do. To me it's superior to Alexa, but both are nowhere near where they will be in the next year or two.
Is ok on my G4, is working good, but on tablet randomly not working, i mean most of the time i got issues, same on my new nova plus, randomly stops working, and or loose connection with my tablet or phone.
Annoying Google products Google Home and Google Mini claim to allow casting and voice commands from any music app, but consistently block Amazon Music to include randomly selected content purchased within AM. Received it as a promotional gift or I'd have returned it for a refund.
If This App Keeps Updating Every Two Days I Will Uninstall It So Please Stop With The Updates
Does not support any music app in middle east including Google music. Alexa far more better
Messing with my home WiFi. Causing disconnects with other devices like nest thermostat.
Was working brilliantly. But recently got a new phone and now it won't let me add an account, it keeps telling me to create a new account
My device is latest phone vivo v9,it is saying that it is not compatible the error I am getting and it is not able to search for the device, the error started yesterday only, the device is working fine on my other devices.
When will routine menu start appearing on Singapore Google Home users. BT speaker popping glitch via Google Home devices.
This sp refuses to work. It says my email is already in the system and will not let me proceed
My Chromecast is now frustrating and unable to get spontaneous connection.... it takes nearly five to ten minutes to get my Chromecast to get connected only two feet away from my wi-fi before I start watching something and trying to set it up in Google Home app but it keeps saying 'No Device Found'. I'm getting very impatient with it now. Why don't Google just leave the old app alone whatever it was called before Home app then there wouldn't be any problem at all.
It does not support casting screen on my Samsung S9. I even tried my brother's S9. Doesnt work. Pls fix
Would be great if you can mirror to Google cast without needing to be on WiFi. Like Roku don't need to be on WiFi to cast to it.
Retarded setup leads you in circles with eventual failure.
Please add Chromecast to a routine. So that that I can say goodbye. And the tv can turn off. No DTS Support or DD. :(
My Chromecast after update no longer syncs up with my home mini and doesn't turn off my tv like it used to
Initially worked, then three days of trying to sign in. Still no joy. Surely Google can do better?
Can't even log in. I get an error message "this account already exists on this device". Useless app
Disconnect constantly, freezing, disappearing. Just awful, and that's using Google Chrome
Since the last update, it crashes everytime I use it and if doesn't then it loses sound. What is going on ???
Just getting worse ..I can relate to all the other comments on connection issues
Glad my google home was a gift. You need to be a YouTube red member to play certain songs. I'm not paying for another service. Bye google Home.
This app is not start on my honor 9 lite phone
Doesn't work with oreo please fix work's fine with older versions but my phone is on oreo it didn't show my account and take me to direct to use other account even then it will not detect any account
Keeps saying there's an error linking to my account when there's nothing wrong with the Google home mini. Bought it brand new
Works perfectly... Have had 0 problems
I am not able to sign in the app it always says me chose another account
This doesn't let me select video quality to set. Much of stuff is complicated
Since last update Chromecast device can no longer be seen by google home. Very frustrating!!!
This app does not allow my account access to any of my Google devices.. Asked Google for help but no response
It still bamboozles me that you can't blacklist specific devices per instance of the app. The Chromecast in my housemates room should be able to be made invisible to my control.
Does not work well with my note 8
Decent app but the update kept changing voice commands and messing up groups and sync across my devices
Its Ok, but Really wish the alarm situation would be fixed.
I've been unable to setup 2 different chromecast's in my house, but setup worked fine on all other phone/tablet/laptops.
Excellent app, but every time it updates, I have to re set up the Google home and Chromecast.
Can't share screen from new Samsung 9. Phone recognizes chromecast on TV but nothing happens when attempting to share screen.
Perfect in all that I try to make it too. Looking forward to improve functionality in programmable tasks.
Only use this app because of my Chromecast. This app is good but God damn the Chromecast is frustrating sometimes - not showing the cast symbols despite being plugged in and turned on.
Used to work sometimes. Now I can't even open the app due to the choose an account page not working.
I can not log in on my p20. It says that the acvount has already logged in.
It says my device isn't okay with it...I have a Samsung a3 2018 version.but my old phone could use this and it's was the same phone just a different year.What is going on???
Recent update broke the ability to cast from my Moto X4 running Oreo.
I don't want to use your shopping list. I want to use my Google keep notes. I should be able to add things to my grocery list not my shopping list while I'm cooking.
I hate it the chromecast was a waste of my money
Chrome cast keeps crashing now and then
Needless to Say, Google can not make mistake!
No dou 5 estrelas porque ainda no tem PT-PT, para usar todas as funcionalidades tive que colocar o telemvel em EN..
Why Google home doesn't speak Spanish?. I can change to 8 multiple voices on the Google app but the Google home only has 1 Male and 1 female voice. How i can change it to multiple Male voices?
Shortcuts are not working properly after update... Please fix!
Mirroring of this app is not good.its should be improve
It stops working, I have to reinstall often
I can't link my smart home devices!
The toggles in the settings do not change, when pressed they stay the same even though they change the setting. .
Every time I try to go to settings to set up a device, or to change my caller ID, the app goes straight to the Google browser on my phone. I have sent a number of reviews but no one has answered. Is it because of my phone? Fix it! I'm using an LG-K20 and I want to do stuff with Google home!
Not working fine on my device :(
Pairing is only one way. Why can't it see other Bluetooth devices and let me pair to them? Why aren't there any volume controls for the mini? Why can't it cast to DLNA devices?
Where is the cast screen option? Where is it? I even checked out the navigation menu and then I even reinstalled it. But it's no where to be found. Please fix this.
Was afraid it was going to be more complicated and it was fast and easy tkz!!
it aak for pin numbers not passwords. so frustrated, call in help hangs up on you.
b"I like it but if u want to cast ur screen on the TV u can't do it with a phone only a iPad or tablet. ??"
b"Alexa is pulling forget ahead. I'm this close\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f to buying Alexa"
I am waiting for it to make calls
Night mode does not work.
Never found my first gen and second gen Chromecast, they are forever stuck in Wi-Fi setup limbo now
What's the point of this app? Controlling only Chromecast?? Useless..
Unable to login lot of log in issues..
Does not work for Huawei p20 pro
This never gets connected with my chromecast
Useful for installing Chromecast, not used Google Home smart speakers so can't say anything about that.
Sucks :( My Google account didn't shows up
So very interactive, user-friendly, and just plain cool! (Try recommending a male voice just for fun..) .
I have a top of the line smart tv but I still always use Chromecast
This app doesn't want to stop installing so now I can't install anything I want whoever made it to let it stop it from installing on my device
Google Home cannot Even dial phone number of your contact list on your voice instructions in India.What about this update ??
Still can't figure out how to enter a chromecast pin for a chromecast that isn't being recognized online....Give me the old Chromecast app!
Why doesn't it have calling facility!This is the most basic feature!
other than setting up the device.the app is not very useful
Doesn't work with p20 pro
Constantly telling I need to update the app when there is no update available
Its a app that really helps me talk and know more things about my google home
I would rate 5 stars but everytime I use the app I have to restart my phone for it to detect my chrome cast.
Glitchy connection at times and loading freezes
Love Google home. I wish there were a widget to toggel a home to a different blue tooth speaker and back to default
Best chrome cast other ones are a waste of time
I can't sign in this app to my phone, alway ask me created new account.
Not good this app this app is very bad
Cannot find my chromecast!! Even though my Youtube app finds it easily !!!
Cast is never consistent. Get. Roku and enjoy it.
India mein Google Home launch kar rahe ho toh Rashtriya Bhasha Hindi mein karo ...
New update also not working in my redmi note 4 what's problem??
Assistant needs to listen longer for follow up questions.
More Google bloatware.
I couldn't install my mini and its very bad
No home control option. Can't add wifi devices
Google home is great but unfortunately can't be used in a hotel when trying to locate its Wi-Fi
No longer working on the mate 10 pro.
I want to cast offline my Moto x play but I couldn't y
My google home app hasn't been updated please update it now.
It's not signing me in.....I try to sign in it says account already exists.
Confusing but appreciable work
Often requires me to reboot my phone to connect
Fix the Chromecast problem please
This app does not connect with my chromecast
Not casting audio/video....with my vu android led tv.
So far so good. I was able to cast my google home mini and chromecast all working perfectly.
Old Chromecast used to work fine. The new one I have to reboot every day.
Maarte ang app na to lalu na pag pang peasant Phone mo
It doesn't works, i am not able to login with my google account..
after updating google home app , my google home mini is not working
It's not working anymore. Can't find my device and disconnect constantly.
We can't make calls using Google Home, so i rated it 1 star.
Not working after I updated my android software
Please include audio routing on phone when casting screen on tv
sign in? had to setup another google account to open the blighter .
I can't get option of more setting in my preference
Great its just that it doesn't always understand simple commands
Some apps not working example Amazon prime
Plz add shahid app for full experience, thx
Google Play subscriber should note pay
After screecast/audio(mirror), no audio in mobile device
Doesn't connect after initial setup
changing networks is impossible...
It's easy to use
Useless with Huawei phones
Used to be great but now it just wont connect no matter what you do
No comment is OK so far
Can't cast to my Chromecast anymore
No way to add more devices
It's great, the features are helpful
Just needs more commands or thoughts
App keeps disconnecting phone from tv
Does not support Saavan in usa
Good for use as an assistant. Ask questions, set alarms, play music, watch vids...
b"It won't let me hook up my tv ??????????"
C by GE not working..need patch
Doesn't meet the requirements of indians
Good job, make me a beta slot please. G-zilla
Everything works like it's suppose to.
A w e s o m e piece of shht!!!
won't release prior settings
I can't do calls in this app .... There is no feature for call option
b'\xd7\x9e\xd7\x92\xd7\x95\xd7\x95\xd7\x9f \xd7\x94\xd7\x90\xd7\xa4\xd7\x9c\xd7\x99\xd7\xa7\xd7\xa6\xd7\x99\xd7\x95\xd7\xaa \xd7\x91\xd7\x99\xd7\xa9\xd7\xa8\xd7\x90\xd7\x9c \xd7\xa2\xd7\x9c\xd7\x95\xd7\x91'
Why do you have to use it with WI-FI on??
Not all features available
help you tube pls
King N 2Queens!"That Part. "U Hear Me"
Doesn't play on my TV
Highly unstable app
Does not work
Many many errors
Media casting notification is a lot better now that it opens the home controls.
Won't cast a note 8
b'Only connect via same wifi network...! ??'
Doesn't work
It's movie time
Works nicely with my Chromecast and Google chrome. Nicely customisable.
Please support Amazon prime video.....
Very 3rd class
Not sure yet
Ok app that needs so much more for Australia
Best tech ever, use it all the time, love it.
b'Worked great now home controll gone??????'
Not casting,
Very amazing app to control the home by a device
Just simply love it. Full stop!
It's osm
Doesn't work properly with Honor 8.
Better than Siri and Alexa... Most of the time
Very nice app
Very helpful and informative and everything else
Work nicely with my google devices
Easy to use with my Google devices
Works as advertised
Jabar dash
Cant connect
Google Home
Its ok
so far so good! amazing!
Very useful for my Chromecast.
Very good product & quick setup
Superb app from Google. Love it
Never works
Can't wait for more updates
Din't help
Good app .. little buggy
Works.
LOVE my Chromecast!!
Awesome. The future is here.
Love it. Goodbye cable
It works great.
It's a fine app
Great app!
Super great!
b'good ??'
Great direction
Joss
b'\xe0\xb2\xac\xe0\xb3\x87\xe0\xb2\xa1'
No
It's helpful
It's good
Good app
Good experience
Really good
Awesome integration
Fabulous! !!
Good one
Nice app
Great App
Hated
Crappy
Great
Good
b'????'
Love it
AMAZING
Nice
Cool
Cool
great
Good
Good
Brilliant
REQUEST TO GOOGLE DEVS ~ Please is there any chance that you could write the Location of Each photo on your FEATURED PHOTOS on your Global Slideshow that goes around. Every single day I see fantastic photos with my Flatmate and TRY to guess which country they are taken but all the information available in the bottom right of screen is PHOTO BY etc etc and as a person who LOVES travel I think it would be a COOL thing for Google to add the Country Location of all these photos. Please ? Thanks :)
The app has been great and so has the Google products. They're easy to work and support via phone is quick and helpful. Those of you complaining of the Bluetooth speaker hookup, try doing Google search. I did, and found a solution within minutes. In Google Home app, go to devices by clicking top corner icon. Find the device (Google Home) and click the 3 dots. Choose settings. Scroll down until you see "Preview Programme". Turn it on and restart your Google Home. Worked for me first try.
Update: I finally found the app it was not named correctly it was just labeled "home" it also got changed to a generic icon from the system that is not the normal icon. So I have found it now thankfully. You should make sure the app name in the app drawer is labeled correctly as "Google Home" not just "home" and make sure the app icon remains normal and does not get assigned a different icon via the system or other programs that change icons unless manually done. Great app but for some reason it is not creating the app icon in my app list, and no not hidden, the app is there and I can launch it from Google Play Store and it runs fine but I don't have an app icon to put on my desktop, tried uninstalling re-installing but that didn't fix the problem. I have the note 8 so I have the side menu bar and I can add it there but that's it.
Disappointed. I cant afford internet at this time so I use my mobile hotspot on my phone to connect and use my Chromecast. Sadly it quit working today and is connected but my Chromecast option will not pop up on anything! I went through the set up process again but it will no longer connect to the hot spot. I would really like to not watch things on my phone...
Firstly, the app is beautiful. Amazing animations, great fonts and easy navigation. However my complaint is regarding the Google Home. There is a tremendous amount of audio delay during playback using Bluetooth. It's mostly noticeable when casting audio from Youtube to the Google Home. There is easily 1 second delay between the audio and video and that ruins the entire Bluetooth experience. Please look into this. I hope you listen and fix.
I have over 10 chromecasts setup around the house plus a number of Google cast devices not kne issue for over 3 years. Since last update all devices are randomly dropping off my list of castable devices and i need to restart my phone in order to get them to appear again.
So we have the 1st gen chromecast and it's been amazing to say the least. Up until about a week ago when our galaxy S8 did an update. Now it no longer recognizes the device and we can't cast to it. Would really like some support here and if anyone can help at all it would be great.
Disappointed google Chromecast 2 Not a user friendly. Not connecting without wifi network. I just want to cast my screen (screen mirror), whatever I need to see in my mobile on big TV.. What is the necessary for wifi network(internet) to see my mobile videos & photos on my big TV screen. Feeling very bad... Total waste Google Chromecast 2
No longer supports my Logitech Harmony hub. Gives me some error message. It worked in the past but I guess Google Home is going backwards in capabilities. Thank goodness I invested in multiple Amazon Echo Dots which easily support my home automation needs.
I Had This for a Couple of Years. It is a Great Experience, I Know How to Use It . . Only Thing is . . IT Decides When to Work . . I Can Almost Never Cast or Mirror My Screen. I Only See Great Results with Screening Apps That Are Compatible with Casting Screens. I Have Wonderful Moments with The Chromecast but . . It Slowly Messes Up On Its Own
No idea how to control casting then. Theres no setting or apps i can find to get that dam casting button out of the way! I always hit it! That one doesn't even ask you before playing on the nearest smart tv!!! Going out to restaurants and friends houses is insane now! Watching youtube or just a vid from my phone and wahm!!! The entire restaurant is watching our baby pooping in the toilet!!! Technology is madness!!! Get rid of that button!!! At least force it to ask me 3 questions! Now it wonk even ask me once!
This application quit 3 days ago. Uninstalled it, reinstalled it, and I can see the television and even the image that is on the but I can no longer cast the screen. YouTube app will still cast so it's not a hardware issue. It seems like somebody broke this.
Default speaker is nice but it would be nice to keep the setting for the Bluetooth speaker selected even after you power it off. Once you play music on the Google Home the default speaker goes to the Google Home device again. You then have to set the default Bluetooth speaker again when you power it up. Seems like extra work for something that was built for convenience. Also please bring back the shopping list to Google keep through Google Home. I don't see the point removing it.
Needs work on: *Better voice recognition, Especially voice match *Intergration with Google's own platforms. Eg: Google play movies *Improved intergration with 3rd party apps like Netflix and Spotify. *Consistent change log. Quit saying bug fixes, give users some credit and mention what you fixed.
Not sure what happened, obviously an upgrade gone wrong. Tirns on my TV by command but will not turn of the TV. Some linked apps no longer working like Out of Milk. Frustrating for sure but hold out hope there will be fixes shortly. Seems as though a lot of people have inconvenienced by this last update.
File fail. So Google makes both Chromecast and the Android operating system, but I can't send a simple video file from my phone to Chromecast? This is basic stuff fellas. What do I have to do, mortgage my soul and switch to iOS? Massive fail.
b"I wish the mic volume did not reduce the same time as reducing the speaker volume. It either cannot hear me so I have shout or repeat the command louder when speaker is at a comfortable level. However if I turn up the volume it can now hear me but it booms back loudly it's reply waking the whole house up. ??"
The sensitivity of the Home has gone really bad after some updates! Now I have to shout SHOUT! several times for it to hear me even with just a slightly high volume playing, while it used to be able to hear me when it was playing at a higher volume. What's wrong???!!!
I can't get any further than the Google Assistant page. It says it takes 1-2 minutes but just crashes out every time. I've reinstalled, looked for help but can't work out why its doing this. VERY frustrating.
It is hit or miss. When it works it's great but then it will disconnect and you can not use it for like a month. I had to disconnect and connect again I dont know how many times and I have only had this since January. It is very disappointing when you want to watch something but can not because it will not connect.
Very little customizability and doesn't work well with Google's own services. The voice prompts usually suggest paid Google services over the ones I'd prefer and I have to fight with it in order to play the music in my library rather than what's popular at the moment. Decent way to set a timer for 130$ the app itself often redirects to the home page when trying to set up "control the home" so it fails as a smart home device
Bluetooth speaker pairing - nope. I can see the speaker in pair mode from phone, but not from Home app. Re read the instructions multiple times. Just updated the app, rebooted phone and Home speaker. . . Still nothing. Wish Google would actually make a feature work before trumpeting it up all over the place. ADDENDUM: Enabled the Preview Program option as suggested by other reviewer, rebooted, finally had the option to make BT speaker the default. BUT if that BT speaker is turned off, Home speaker reverts to its own instantly and you have reassign it again manually all over again. This does NOT happen if you assign it to another speaker like a Chromecast. UGH. Very half baked.
Love my Google home speaker works brilliantly. The home app is a little confusing & I'm really annoyed that I still can't pair my Bluetooth speaker to it. Even though it's advertised as now possible obviously there's still a problem. I've also sent a report through the app feedback. Really hope this is fixed soon!!
"Google Home has stopped". That's all it does, right away on the first splash screen. Going back to Google Cast 1.17.15, at least that one works. Anyone else miss the days when updates meant improvements, not more problems?
Horrible to navigate around the app bluetooth settings so difficult to find my Pixel 2 XL kept losing Bluetooth connection.. (I only use Bluetooth when I'm too far from wifi to Chromecast) so I tried to start the connection fresh can't find any direction on how to make the speaker visible, so at the moment I have to just say "ok Google play this".. instead of controlling the audio from my phone.... I have two Google home Max I hate that when I make a call I only hear the audio out of the left speaker..
Great to control all things Google etc. However settings available are unpredictable (on android phone "call on speakers settings missing, however present in IOS app). Add a different google account and the setting appears (only for that user). Google ecosystem inconsistent, and now requires IOS app to help. Please Google, sort it out, prefer not to rely upon Apple devices to support my Google systems
I've had the Chromecast basically since it came out and I have had absolutely no issues until just recently, I believe when this new update came out and now it is trash. Every single time I want to use my Chromecast, it says it has to reconnect to my wifi and then it refuses to connect saying I need to check my password (even though it's the right password) in order to get it to work I have to reboot my router and the Chromecast itself and I should not have to do that every single time I go to use it. Very inconvenient and annoying. Google, please fix this before you lose a lot of loyal customers.
The app needs to add a lot of support for India. The accent should be more indianised & also while songs, artists recognition has to be improved.. Add support for playing saved playlist on Saavn. It doesn't recognise the artist or song name in many cases.. Also add multi user account in India for voice.. More apps to be added like booking cab, etc. Please improve Google..
When I first got my Google home devices they worked really well (could decide which one of the devices should answer requests, worked quickly etc) but over the last few months the quality has dropped quite a bit. I'll stick with it but not investing in the wider ecosystem at the moment until performance improves.
It has error related to connecting with my home wifi. My is connected with Home wifi..And sometimes it connect and detect also. Even doing reset many times.. after also its not showing my home wifi during onboarding. Fed up in doing setup.
I've been having problems with the app. I tried to cast from my phone, clicked the 3 lined button to the casting button. When I get there, the casting button's line are "dark grey" not the light grey like usual, when I click the unusual casting button, then it just said "Connecting.." for a blink and nothing happened. Please help me solve this problem.
This app has been phenomenal up until today when I tried to cast my screen and it says "screen cast has ended" every time I touch the cast screen button. This is frustrating as I do quite a bit of streaming from my phone and it was a main selling point of the Chromecast for me. Using the app on a Huawei p10 plus
Sg7 every app disconnects but 85% of the time this home is connected the longest. Latest update help feature request you to pick a Chromecast version but I have a perfectly working (98% of time) version 1 & there's no option for it, closest is the round disc looking version. Google must expect everyone to replace good products that still work just because they find/make new more expensive items. But to fully use them if have to get better things to use them to work with what ever they do, while my old original still plays perfect with what I have/can afford
Really need more advanced settings like being able to disable IPv6 or manually set the DNS server. I use Comcast and the DNS service is amazingly bad. It's so bad I setup a raspberry pi for DNS caching. I can't change my router to disable IPv6 and my DNS is using IPv4. So all my Google products use IPv6 and get Comcast crappy DNS. This means most of the time the google products don't work. Ask for news and it skips through the news podcasts or doesn't understand you because it can't reach google. More advanced settings please.
I bought my Google home to work with my Phillips Hue lights. The app refuses to work and will not connect with my lights. If you are thinking about buying this product to make turning you lights off and on with ease don't. Thanks Google for the false advertisement of putting the Phillips Hue logo on your packaging and not having it work. Waist of money
This is a little complicated... I have 2 chromecasts, one is on firmware 1.29 and the other on 1.30....not sure why theres a descrepancy. My phone is android 6.0. The home app crashes on my phone if I try go to the settings for eithe Chromecast unit. Spotify does weird things on the newer firmware but works fine on the other Chromecast with the older firmware. Meanwhile, my GF's phone, on a slightly newer version of Android at 6.1, seems to work fine with everything. I assume the problems are an incompatibility between android 6.0 and the newer Chromecast firmware. Hope you can fix it. Ps I've tried all the reboot, uninstall, reinstall malarkey to no avail.
Google Home has potential to be very useful. Currently, it seems to be hastily implemented with many shortcomings and errors. If one attempts to use multiple devices as a group, the app shows it's limitations. Right now, it's an interesting novelty that may or not function as promoted.
I don't use Wi-Fi for anything. All I want to do is go from my phone to tv. But no. You can't keep it simple. That's fine I can return it. And pass the bad review on. Waste of time and money.
Everyday it happened that the sound gets interrupted for half a second up to 3 seconds. I don't believe my Internet connection is the problem, though. It's very annoying.
Screen casting keeps on failing. Most of the time won't even find my linked chromecast device even though its conned to same Internet as phone. I hope they would update the chromecast so it would work better with mobile phone as hotspot using the same network.
Since Oreo update on my Note 8 crhomecast no longer shows up in apps. Sometimes turning WiFi off and back on makes them show up but usually a reboot of the phone is required. Please fix unless this is a Samsung issue.
Clearly whatever update came out is garbage. All the first generation Chromecasts can't connect anymore and there is zero support to help you with this. I'm surprised that Google hasn't reached out yet and offered a fix. It's been over a week. My Chromecast has been with me for 2 years, but I bet google is just trying to force people to buy new ones. Very disappointed. Happily I bought a amazon firestick and I'll buy another one for my other rooms now.
Just kinda mad as to why I can not link my note 8 to my chromecast and the settings are junk... I can not reset my chromecast gen 1. If it's because it's a gen 1 I think thats totally bogus. I don't want to have to go buy another chromecast when there is nothing physically wrong with this one
Finally gave up on Chromecast and switched to Roku. Volume always starts at the highest level, which is annoying. Phone frequently loses control of the Chromecast. Roku has its own issues, but enjoying it more so far.
Adding Devices under Home Control is not an easy process. Wemo took 6 attempts to find the device, would just get stuck after the 2 minute timer. Nest says it's connected successfully but then nothing shows and it says Nest isn't connected. Broadlink Smart Home also connects but then nothing shows as an available device and says it's not connected. It seems like Google hasn't checked or verified that any vendor claiming Smart Home device compatibility with Google Home/Assistant actually works.
It has started to have glitches. When trying to connect Chromecast at the gym it has a hard time. It keeps trying to connect to itself for wifi access instead of the gym wifi. I have to uninstall it as the time and start over with fresh install.
Beyond frustrating. I have to uninstall and reinstall the app every time i want to cast anything except youtube which works all the time. The Home app cant detect my chromecast but youtube can?? How does that work??
Finally unplugged Home & put it in a closet; we can't find any use for this thing that justifies giving up so much privacy. We're likely ideal users with Phillips bulbs, iHome plugs, Harmony remote, Roku, Chromecast, Android-only cells and tablets, etc. but Google Home doesn't streamline our use of any of it. The Home app itself does very little to help with setup, which is remarkable. Frankly, a person only has so much time on this planet and I'm not wasting any more of mine beta-testing Google products.
Google is the worst in making products. Absolutely miserable to set them up. Don't buy anything except google search which steal your privacy but at least you can get something in return.
It's just not straightforward at all! One minute it detects my devices one minute they don't show in the list anymore... Can't seem to find the option to geoup then when they do finally appear in the list of detected devices...pulling my hair out to make this work! Speakers are RIVA WAND SERIES
New update supposedly allows you to pair your blue tooth speakers to Google smart speaker so music can be played on your larger blue tooth enabled speaker. Nope, Google home does not see any of my speakers. What a waste of time. I also tried to restrict Google's access to all my private information by going to activity controls and turning off location tracking history, app use tracking history, etc. Well, guess what? big brother Google does not like that, so they will render your smart speaker useless. Once you turn off access to all of your private information, the Google smart speaker will respond to your commands by saying "actually there are some settings that need to be changed before I can help you". It will not answer any more questions and refuse to function unless you give it access to all your personal information.
It's great for my daily use, except for it not working correctly with my Phillips Hue lights. When I tell the Google Assistant to change one light it changes them all, or does nothing.
How did this app suddenly get dumb? It was working fine to tell it to play Netflix on my Chromecast. Then suddenly it starts asking me to tell it what device to play on. Now it tells me to specify the device even when I already have.
I love my Google home speaker, but I didn't buy this for myself. It was a gift for my mom. She was very exited to get a speaker that can talk and listen to her, the thing is... I can't change the lenguage to Spanish, and my mom only speaks Spanish.
Thanks for fixing the Spotify integration for the Google Home. 5 Stars well deserved. Only other minor issue would be to allow us to use the Google Keep once again to manage our shopping lists for Google Home instead of Google Express.
This is the worst it's been. Cannot find the correct device. Says I have Chromecast ultra but only have Chromecast. Also cannot connect with app. Cannot find Google mini. Useless is putting it mildly.
It has been two years of relatively reliable casting from multiple media sources, although the last two months has been miserable. Recent updates have disrupted the apple cart. No amount of rebooting or hard reset have put this problem to rest. Help!!!!!
Really wanted to give better rating. But when casting on chromecast, the chromecast keeps hanging. Sometimes audio goes off. Sometime tv screen hangs. Regretting buying Google chromecast
it's mostly trash. Seems to only work randomly. Wifi connection always strong. Too bad. I'd buy a fee of these for work of they werent so stupid
Just wanted to set up Chromecast, not get constant app recommendations for apps that I do not want. I've said no, don't bring up that same app over and over again.
Google Home is great as far as setting up Google devices and showing what is connected to them, but one thing I have noticed is removing a device that is connected is not really an option. Also, integration to control all smart home gadgets would be great instead of having to use the third party app to control them when you don't feel like saying, "Ok, Google"
Devices shows on thhome of this App, but when I 'cast screen/audio' sometimes it says no compatible device found and sometimes it gets connected with the same device. Thats awful.
I really wish the products could actually work and that Google would actually take accountability in improving them. The app is useless when the products are horrible made.
I would love to see while noise (Based on alarm clock) in corporate in the morning routine. for example, while noise turns on slowly turns 30 mins before alarms goes off.
I liked the older version of this app because it worked. Why change it if it's not broken? Can't connect to my Chromecast dongles! Tried trouble shooter... complete waste of my time.
When i bought it it worked well but then all of a sudden nothing works it plays like 30 seconds of a song then freezes ask it somthing and tells me that somthing went wrong try again the only thing that does work is the alarms so its a glorified alarm clock
Arbitrarily requires a full Internet connection to cast screen, so it isn't useful while traveling. A WiFi network should be all that's required, but they don't allow that. Other than that intentional limitation, it works well.
App not working correctly on samsung s9. Does not show device cards, only shows linked devices with the only option to unlink. I have to reinstall the app to get it working again. This has happened multiple times
b'It was casting just fine until a few weeks ago. It now says my Note 8 is not a compatible casting device??\xe2\x80\x8d\xe2\x99\x80\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'(\xe2\x98\x9e \xcd\xa1 \xcd\xa1\xc2\xb0 \xcd\x9c \xca\x96 \xcd\xa1 \xcd\xa1\xc2\xb0)\xe2\x98\x9e I have the new Chromecast, seems to be a lag when casting, why is that? Answer here publicly, no email, let everyone know. I am only one at home using WiFi & I have high speed connection.'
Direct TV Now casting, does not work. Videos are constantly loading and there's no sounds. Viewing the app without casting, works fine. I understand there's no Direct TV Now app for Google TV, but don't interfere with the app working through Google cast. Thank you.
App is not so good please added more features for Chromecast and need to be more accurate because Ditto tv is not available now but this app continuously showing to download Ditto tv and also Amazon prime video is not available. Some time it's leggy
Keep losing sound and getting jumpy pictures when streaming from galaxy s5. Update-- Still has jumpy picture when mirroring from laptop to television. Netflix and apps work fine.
I had to create another 2, TWO accounts just to try and access the damn app but still couldn't, "this account already exists in your device" and just what am I supposed to do with that? why won't it let me access them then!?
Amazing!!! Enjoying it with all it's great features. Connected to all my smart products, making it so easier to control with just your voice. So far I didn't face any issues. Faaaar superior to Alexa.
Switching what wifi your Chromecast connects to is a horrible process requiring a reset of the device just to simply connect to another wifi connection. Chromecast hacks into your internet router and if chromecast crashes which is all the time lately your whole internet goes down in some cases for days. You have to unplug the chromecast and magically your internet will start working again. Google has known about this for over a year now and has done nothing to fix it.
I have a lot to talk about the Google home speaker( Indian variant). It was my worst decision to purchase Google home reasons being 1. It does not tell about calendar events. It works when I ask about the calendar events on my mobile but not the Google home speaker. 2. It still can't make calls. 3. Unable to change alarm tone. 4. It don't read out the answers for the question asked rather it send the link to the registered device. 5. Can't talk to the device in Indian native language. 6. The worst part no option to connect my phone to the speaker when I am on calls so that I can directly talk to the other person through the speaker. I mean what were you thinking Google while restricting this basic features. Etc..... Rather than a smart device it is just a showpiece. Never expected this from Google.
For last 5 years i couldn't imagine life without my chromecast!I love it! Very easy to set up an so convenient to be able to cast to my tv with one simple touch on my tablet screen from my favorite apps.
No fast forward or rewind for Netflix and others. The search bar is practically useless, bar to thin and small one touch goes too far along, please look at the all cast search bar on how it should be done.
While I can typically eventually work out how to do something I want to do in this app, the interface feels cluttered and confusing. Of all the apps I use, this is the one that would benefit the most from a UI redesign.
I was disappointed that I couldn't pair my JBL speaker. My gn8 has no issues with it.
Sometimes I can't "find device" no matter what I do so i have to uninstall the app and reinstall it to solve the problem. Otherwise it's a great app for my chromecast device for my TV.
User interface is terrible. Hard to get around the app and find things. But other than that it's just good.
Love the Google home for my Chromecast but as of recently it will not show my devices and I constantly either have to restart my phone or uninstall the program and reinstall it to see my Chromecast devices. Quite frustrating
I am resting this only related to chromecast audio since that is all I use it for. Unable to control the volume with the physical buttons on the phone when locked is unbelievably ridiculous. Prob the only feature I would have made sure worked. What the heck
Even though the app touts it, the Home mini still has the inability to connect to a Bluetooth Speaker. The instructions tell you to go into a menu that doesn't exist.
Ever since the update my news feed near the search bar doesn't load for some reason. I thought it was because of the connection but via WiFi and Mobile Network it has the same issue.
upgrade for personal apps for example talk when it wants to at the appropriate team motivator ,mentor ,friend shoulder to cry on somebody to vent to and to be neutral to the situation, counselor. obviously the applications can be to the Moon you look I enjoy this AI assistant
Just too busy with useless tiles or ads or shortcuts...frankly I don't know what all that junk was popping up on my screen. This app tries to be everything at once, truly annoying.
It's only that the phone and the chromecast should be on the same network to work. Requesting the location to operate is abusive.
The Google home app works straight out of the box for me, with a Pixel 2 XL, home mini, chromecast, Arlo cam and lifx z lights all working seamlessly - and across multiple SSID. I agree the the UI could be a little more intuitive but the functionality is spot on.
Lately cannot perform devices switch on/off by using voice command (currently i'm using sonoff plug and yeelight). However she did reply the command but nothing happen. All resetting and reinstalling made but the problem still not fix. Dissapointed. Edit : I delete all commands in ifttt, now my google home mini works perfectly with sonoff plug and yeelight. My advice dont install ifttt. It confusing your google home. For time being Ifttt suck and dont work!! Cracked my head to figure problem!! Haishhh.. Upgraded rating to 5 stars instead of 1 star previously.
When it works it works. Can't cast a lot of the time because it won't show all my devices. Lots of times the Google Home or mini will not connect to WiFi,. Keep saying not on the same network when it is.
App goes in circles. Try to access shopping list to edit and delete as Google mini can't do it. Get the welcome screen and has option to skip. Click skip snd says wait then goes back to welcome screen.
I use a Samsung Galaxy S4 and my Chromecast works perfectly with it. I love using the screen cast option to share my phone screen on the TV then I open my camera and point it at the TV. Other than that Netflix and YouTube have become so much easier to binge-watch. Rather than going out to the DVD store every Friday night my family can just use this.
This app is great it works fine with my Chromecast ,google home mini and smarthome devices. Just one thing with the google home mini ,whenever I try to initiate a routine on my google home mini it either doesn't respond and shuts off or gives a standard response and doesn't complete the routine (Standard response: Sleep tight *Shuts off*) I checked online and other people were having the exact same issue with their google homes. Their workaround was to create a shortcut saying something like :Play my playlist on google play music for 30 minutes and set alarm for 8:00. But this workaround didn't work for me since I want the shortcut to : Turn off all my smart devices , tell me the time ,tell me the weather for tomorrow ,set an alarm for 7 am and play TayFM for 20 mins. Hope either somebody at google notices this (not likely) or somebody who has the same issue with their google home gets the workaround to work for them. Sorry if I wasted anyone's time.
Casting has stopped with the recent updates. I'm using this app on Samsung c9 on android 6.0. It shows a notification saying "connecting" and then nothing happens. Will change my review if the casting works again.
This app is rubbish. It doesnt work correctly and loads of bugs
This app needs major reworking and design. It's a cluttered and confusing UI
I've disabled apps like YouTube and Google Movies, but they still come up as features under "browse" in this app. Please address this.
The quality of the casted video is rubbish, hope they fix it.. YouTube is much better when casted directly... It seems like they are using 2 different protocols!!!
Would be five stars if routines was there. My app still says my day instead. Yet it shows up to date.
Great at what it does, especially now it makes phone calls but currently have an error where it won't recognize my Spotify account - the app on mobile does but Google home tells me it's not set as defult. Don't know how to contact Google about this, I left feedback but that isn't exactly speaking to them directly.
You need data for both your phone and this chromecast thing even you just want to cast or see whatever thing on your phone thru your bigscreen. Eating up your data left and right! What a waste of money!
I used to love the Google Home controls when I first bought my Google Home Mini. Every since a recent update, I can no longer control the volume with the volume buttons on my device. I can only do it by voice, or by opening the Home app and doing multiple taps to get to the volume control. I love the voice commands when it makes sense to use them, but for the casting volume, I should still have the option to control it with my phone's volume buttons! It's much faster and not awkward like it is to have to keep saying "okay Google" over and over again while the music is playing and guessing the percentage of volume to change it until I get the desired volume. This is so annoying to the point where I stopped using my mini speaker and switched to a Bluetooth speaker. Also, the option to cast is hit or miss. I've had to restart the device and sometimes just talk to it to "wake it up" in order for it to show up as an available device to cast to. And if I say "Okay Google," the phone and the Mini both respond, but they are not synced. My phone will start a call, and the mini will do another call at the same time, but they're two different calls. I'll just use my BT speaker until this gets fixed.
I love it just wish it could include mirror imaging. Love that I can watch my google Movies, YT, Netflix, Hulu+, and Viki shows on the big tv screen w/o having to always watch on your cell especially when you're at home.. Theres apps you can pair it with to see other online content. Yes, people. You need Wifi. Update: I deleted a star bc I think more than sufficient time has gone by and still not able to save more than one known network, and thus am not able to switch Chromecast to another wifi network without having to go thru setup all over again. Fix that Google and I'll give 5 stars!
Current app update doesn't work with One Plus 3. Check this issue and provide correct update or I want to roll back two two versions earlier.
Recently started having trouble with my Google Home App. I wanted to change the alarm volume only to find that the usual way I do it doesn't work. I usually press "Devices" &gt; "Settings" and then "Alarms and Timers" would appear but for the past 3 days it hasn't been doing so. I tried uninstalling the app, factory resetting my Google Home Mini but nothing works. A little confused by this sudden failure to perform as it should be doing. As I can see, other people are having similar problems. Overall, not impressed.
It won't let me do anything without installing an update that doesn't exist. I JUST downloaded the app and it keep telling me I can't set up anything until I update. Except there is no update.
What happened?? My phone and tablet can't pick up my chrome cast all of a sudden and nothing I do fixes it!! Have I somehow been banned from Chrome cast or something?
There's an issue with Google Photos and the backdrop settings. Google Home either (a) is unable to retrieve all my albums or (b) unable to retrieve any albums. This happens on both the iOS and Android versions of the app. I've tried factory resetting my Chromecast to no avail. It's a problem with this app or Google Photos.
Used to work great! Now I can't mirror my phone to play music through the speaker. It's so frustrating!
You need noise cancellation software when playing music you have to shout. Can you make the mic more sensitive and what ever it plays you take that out of what the mic pics up. Thanks
In all honesty, when it works it works well, hands down. However, and that's a big however, too often the devices (either Google's own or external) need to be either rebooted or reconfigured altogether. It's clear that Google Home has major connectivity issues - and I'm not saying that my internet provider is doing an astounding job - but those are way more frequent with this than with other apps and devices. Simply too many times I find myself having to set up or unlink and link yet again the same devices, to a point where something that's supposed to make life more convenient has become borderline nuicance.
Annoyed. It was all good at first and now it "can't help" or doesn't "..understand" anymore. All I'm asking it to do is turn on my Phillip's hue lights. It used to do it no problem but now it's like the Google home just can't understand what that means. I've even gone into the settings to tell it what to do when I say "turn on light 1" ...and it STILL tells me that it can't help or doesn't understand. I was so happy when i got this but now it's pointless and I'm disappointed. Between that, having to disconnect and connect every so often, and having to fight with this thing to at least just function as a bluetooth speaker... I'm beyond annoyed and just so very disappointed.
I'm trying to get my Google Cast to work and it's not letting me log in I had to go over this for 5 times last two days I still haven't got my email to work right
The app keeps crashing..and it cant find my device.so i have to keep uninstalling the app and reinstalling it..giving it permission to use my location and sync to my phone..now it have saved my info from my phone 3 time has to many names for my device,kinda annoying.please fix this problem
So much potential... But SO MUCH frustration. And it's not getting better.
Mirroring is horrible. After 5-10 minutes of play (e.g. movie in mp4), there's no more sound or it just stalls. Sound quality is also mediocre.
Ridiculous functionality in Spain. Only supports a few apps, no Philips hue or other smart home apps at all.
Hey google has better voice response than the competition but it has terrible integration with smart devices. Ex: you can add a Smart Things account but then you can not remove any specific devices from smart things. Problematic because smart things is a hub as well so when you add it you will have all your devices duplicate. Edit: April 2018, now hey google stopped telling me my weather forecast in the good morning routine despite being checked.
Idk why all sounds aren't directed to connected Bluetooth speaker instead of just when I play music. My Alexa plays all sounds thru its connected Bluetooth speaker.
Have had it for a few years now, three Chromecast dongles and always have problems trying to setup when it unexpectedly unlinks. Following instructions does nothing. Eventually it somehow sorts itself out but could take days.
Doesn't work, first of all it requires sign in to google account (don't understand why it is a must) that is different than the account on your device so you have to make a new one then I put username and password and I entered and pressed okay but again username and password were requested again and again which seemed like an infinite loop bug
Just added a Google Home Mini to accompany the Chromecast Audio and Android phones. Off to buy a Chromecast II this morning and probably another Mini. It's been working really well after a little practice and reading up.
For some reason even though play store says I have the most recent version of the home app, I cannot set up voice match. In fact most of the menu options simply do not work.
It's telling me to go into 'more settings - routines' to set up morning and night time routines but I can't see this menu option anywhere.
Minor issue that has no apparent fix my first page is mostly empty my second is a calendar and new apps have shortcuts pop up on a third page, which isn't the issue, so I have to move them to my first but around 70% of the time. It just won't let me move pages with the items so the only way to do it is, restart the phone and along with it the home screen, or delete the short cuts then go-to all apps and move then up that way.
I've had frequent problems trying to link my devices, the app would'nt show my device, and it happens very often, it's starting to be annoying
Used to be innocuous app... Already I'm worrying Google is too much here. Dear user, please diversify your videos. Block Google
I have a Samsung galaxy S9+ and can not cast to my Google chromecast for whatever reason..please have a fix for this and I'll change my rating to 5 stars.
Works OK. The menu is a little confusing. Would be great if there was a shortcut/widget to make Bluetooth pairing quicker.
Trash! It won't connect to my router. My router is literally a ft away from my chromecast. 35 bucks down the drain. Dont waste your time with this inferior product...
Still crashes every time I try to invite additional users, but increasingly useful as I'm able to add to its sparse feature set.
Chromecast is ruining my WiFi! Just because I have an android... This issue was said to be taken care of back in January... Is almost May folks.
Every update a new feature. Best thing I've ever bought. (3 home mini and 1 audio cast)
App wasn't working today in terms of connecting to my Chromecast. Phone restart fixed problem straight away :)
Good app only annoying thing is when i cast something it automatically changes the volume to max. Its annoying
It is not possible to check which connection the chromecast is using. Good as long as you can control the cast, it gets stuck frequently and the only fix is to pull the power on the chromecast
Frequent state machine mismatch between casting app and device. Frequent failed to connect and erroneous disconnections. Buggy mess that is google; expected.
Very disappointed! Updates have made it slightly better. Am changing from 2 stars to 3
I am using Home since it launched. I don't see multi user support neither the Multi Calendar in the app.
How can I revert back to previous version, because the latest version is not working at all.
I have 3 google home mini's. All have been working great for months, commands worked flawlessly with no issues. We have several devices hooked up. (Honeywell Thermostat, several plugs from Leviton, and all light switches are Lutron Caseta Smart Lighting).  As of a week ago, I'm having issues.  1. Honeywell Thermostat:      I say, "Set thermostat to 73", and I get a response of, "I'm sorry, there was an error and I'm unable to control your home device".  But, it still changes the settings and does what I ask of it. All other commands work and get I correct responses, "What temp is? Turn on, Turn Off, etc............I've unlinked accounts, relinked, factor reset on google home and thermostat, if it could be reset, I've done it and still get same results.  2. Leviton Plug: I have a fire place that has been hooked up for 3 months and for 3 months we say, "Hey google, turn on / off the fire place", and for 3 months it has worked. As of 2 days ago, googles response, "Sorry, I don't understand" So again, I reset, unlinked, etc....and it still doesn't work. So I experimented and changed the nickname to that plug to several different names, (tree, window, desk) and it works, but when i change it back to THE FIRE PLACE, it doesn't understand. I even changed it to "the fire play" and it worked. Currently its name is, THE FIRE, and it works fine. For some reason google doesn't recognize the word "place" anymore. I also retrained my voice, but this is an issue with all the accounts that are linked with our google homes, so it's just not my voice. Any help from google or anyone would be greatly appreciated. Spent money on these things and for them to not work for simple things is kind of annoying. Really thinking of switching them all out with Alexa. Thanks    
Can't even change the wifi on the Chromecast. Why change to using this useless app. Also, using the shopping list is just painful. Absolutely cumbersome and inconvenient to see what I have. Google and its moronic ways.
Was working fine before the last update. Now my music consistently stops itself. Super frustrating.
I loved it before but I was disappointed that my Google home mini couldn't Bluetooth audio out. With the update it makes it even better.
Hey Google turn my lights off. "WAKING ENTIRE HOUSE AND TURNING LIGHTS OFF". Baby screams. Sleep well
Video casting won't work just glitches and pauses freezes up then boots my connection
So now this app gives me the option to not allow others to control your device but the problem is that the notification still shows up on all devices and keys others control the device.
Great App so far, with the straight forward connection to Google Home! Although, I would wish to see more development in Chinese in the nearer future...
When using Google home to mirror cast just did not work at all. For all other apps work like a charm on my Galaxy S9 plus.
This App can work great, although often not consistantly, could improve by having Chromecast Ultra auto adapt resolution instead of having user to change screen resolution settings on our devices ? Oreo s8+ Thanks.
I would appreciate an option to instruct Chromecast to adjust its refresh rate to aline with the media it's playing, e.g. 24 fps, 50, 60, etc.
PLS PUT BACK THE PREVIOUS CHROMECAST UPDATE WHERE IS FREE TO CAST BECAUSE TODAY ITS ONLY CHOSEN ONLY FOR NETLIX,YOUTUBE,SPOTIFY,ETC PLS I CANT WACH IN SOME OTHER STREAMING APPS
Ne fonctionne plus aprs dernire mise  jour- les programmeurs de google sont nuls, justes bons  dtourner les donnes des utilisateurs
It used to work great but now Chromecast constantly and randomly keeps disconnecting, freezing and disappearing from apps including Google Home. I have not been able to watch things on CC for a a couple of months.
The Google home app is quite good, I believe it requires a widget for its remote or something like a lockscreen remote. I don't wanna have to unlock my phone every time I wana play/pause if I've turned off lockscreen notifications.
The reason for the low rating is because casting is unreliable, every single time I want to cast to the TV I have to restart my phone before I can cast. After 30min of casting, connection is lost and I can no longer control the content being casted.
Hey everything works great but I was wondering if there is a way to cast from my phone to the device without a wifi or internet connection so casting directly off my phone's unlimited data while not useing my limited hotspot thank you in advance!
Google says already have account on this device, so try to add my account and presto it doesn't work and fails to load my account. Have emailed google 3 times with no reply. Disgusting Google you lot are pathetic. Waste of time and money.
Been having multiple problems with the Google home app. I've sent feedback for every issue but had no luck sorting it. I am unable to set Spotify as my default music player. I am a premium user and have tried changing my devices language to English US but no luck.
I downloaded n first put my all available address to go head but its say this account already registred on this device created newones 3 more same issue how am i suppose to use thos app ? Absolutely rubbish
Can't connect to my phone hotspot like the smart TV does.
The app can find my device but I can't cast to it? Also the only apps or suggests is music apps, Netflix, bbc I player and YouTube are not on there.
Google need to get their act together. It was great to begin with, but there are issues these days. I can still cast, but can no longer queue videos, and there are numerous glitches.
After un/re-installing due to previous update causing app to randomly disconnect I'm now unable to setup the app using my google account that is set on my phone. It keeps requesting a new email address. Contacted support, no response.
Great app with Google home devices. Would like to see the features rolled out to the Irish market quicker. We're currently a year behind.
Chromecast just stopped working, both 1 & 2 no longer connect to pc, when working fine before??? I did a factory reset on chromecast 1, and it found the device originally, but oonce it searched for it again, it could not find the device again. help!
What a miserable product! I didn't buy Chromecast to spend hours to try to link the laptop and read countless of websites and troubleshooters and forums that don't help. This product is a waste of money.
Worked for 2 months or so. Now it just says "syncing unavailable for assistant". Hundreds of people online are having this problem and it's not yet fixed. All I can do now is ask for weather and math smh. I have to open the smartlife app to control device everytime. Which defeats the purpose.
Besides mute, volume slider in notification would be helpful. YouTube "volume" is always100% after initial connection and keeps loosing connection after an hour or so.
I can't connect to my device, no options for adding a new device, my Google home was useless without the app
My bluetooth connection is lost after sometime & is regular I have to connect it quite frequently not good , Still needs a lot of improvement very disappointing
Nothing happens when I press Cast to screen. Read through directions and it says to keep mic on. I don't have that option in my settings. Not sure if it would've helped. I have a Galaxy S8.
Bought Google Home Mini. During sale they told 18 months Gaana, 12 months Saavn & 6 months Google Music free subscriptions. But got nothing & there are nowhere to ask. Disheartened.
Even when I'm near the Wi-Fi router the chrome cast is useless. tried everything and have more problems with the ultra than the standard stick
Badly designed, device can't be found, won't hold connection, Chromacast hijacks neighbors tv and starts playing what I'm watching. Do you even test these things?
Tried to complete setup with Google assistant mini but can't paired to it as wi fi in india is not compatible with Google assistant mini while phone says paired but device says setup not completed
The cast screen is not connecting but when i go to youtube it worcks ok. Problem on the app need to be checked
Desperately trying to use my account in the app but when I do it doesn't appear in the account list, it's so frustrating!
The buggiest app I use. Frustrates me everyday, but tied in to it.
This is by far the worst designed app I've ever used. The ux is lazy and unintuitive
When casting it shows what you are watching in the notifications on every android device on the network. Other people can pause, stop, and even turn off what you are watching. Use to be able to turn it off but the removed the function.
I downloaded the app in hopes of using it for chromecast. When I log in it tells me "This account already exists on your device." That's it no links nada. I've been futzing with this thing for two hours. It is very disappointing. Again sold on hype and BS. I sent a "Help" note about hour and half ago 12:00 but no response yet.
This app is garbage. Invades my privacy by demanding access to location and doesn't even work for casting my screen. And the worst part is, I can't delete it.
Frequently, Screen cast is not working and it's working fine after reboot the mobile. fix this issue Also there is no option to change the video quality.
Ive had troubles signing in and staying signed in. Try to cast screen and then it will just disconnect. Tried youtube, same thing
Has trouble casting to tv only works sometimes and often loses connection
The app stopped working after a while it keep saying it needs an update when it doesn't. I try everything but still ask me for an update.
it is difficult to connect it to chrome cast device... each time i sbould disconect the device from electicity and the app from internet to connect again. utube is working normaly with the device.. just this app not
Can't specify a name for a Chromecast device during setup, only the name of the room it's in, so it gets the name " TV". Just let me set the damn name directly.
I give this app 3/5 because the layout great but the mirroring support lacking on my Samsung galaxy A5 as it lags a lot and could do with the support added ASAP
App keeps losing connection to my Chromecast device and then can't find it again, since update to Android 8 (Oreo)
It always knocks me out. I think it will be better on a tablet.
So far so good! For $35 this thing has been a life saver!
Every time I try to cast my screen it lasts all of about two seconds and I am fed up with it, so fed up in fact I am deleting this app
Is anyone else using Samsung having a hard time casting the screen to Chromecast? Apps cast but mirroring screen refuses to work
Too much bugs ..Help..I am not able to open more settings
I have samsung galaxy GT-S7582 which runs android jellybean OS. I can't see where "Cast my device" buttons wer. Is it natural? And Chromecast, you need to let us cast Screen Mirror to tv by wifi connection and not internet connection. There's always a delay when using internet for screen mirroring. Thank you.
A pain to disable chromecast. It's basically impossible. I've tried everything I can think of and the only option left is living with the fact that every so often, when it is the most embarrassing, YouTube or Netflix will start randomly casting to the living room tv and I'll need to restart my phone to stop it. THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION APPARENTLT.
Terrible. Not able to pick up Chromecast yet YouTube app can? Sort it out Google! Really slipping on standards lately.
Used with Google home and it glitches A LOT. Can't set up voice recognition on my android phone so that's frustrating.
It's simple and easy to use but you should add a feature to adjust screen bounds as videos appear at the wrong resolution.
Indispensable makes the whole home experience better with things like Philips Hue light bulbs and Chromecast
Worst cast ever, this is a terrible app for casting, cuts all the time making impossible to see a video, erase it for your mental health.
The application crashes when I am trying to configurate a speaker from Devices list.
Its great when there is Internet but without it doesn't even let me play my offline content via chromecast which really is a spoiler for me, i go offline post my office hours and this really doesn't help
Getting a Google username and password it's a big hassle after several hours of drama it could not find the device piece of s***
I have downloaded for Samsung note 8 and do not connect to my TV. Let me know why it is not supported . Thank you
I love that you help me control of any aspect of my life for any beef IHOP in my Google home and not this me anyone who has an account connected to it
Chromecast, fatal, solo funciona con las aplicaciones: youtube y netflix
Unable to cast from many apps, hotstar, wynk music. Fix required asap
Updated my phone to Galaxy S9+ and has a hard time connecting are finding a Chromecast or Home Mini in the same
this device doesn't work if there is no WiFi around, no WiFi no Chromecast, so bad, I bought it for nothing
Love everything Google but not the Google Smart Speaker. Alexa is a lot better. App is good for my Chromecast
Google Home does not work on a Samsung Tab A tablet. Message = this is not a supported device.
I think this app is perfect for controlling your home wether you are or aren't there. Do not get this app if you don't have a Google Home in your house.
I can not connect my S8 to my TV anymore by mirroring my phone. Only YOUTUBE and sites with casting icon work.
Doesn't work very well on my Samsung Tab A Tablet? It tells me it's incompatible.
Love this app and devices it supports. I've had no problems with it. Actually sold my other streaming device and bought a second Chromecast for my house. Recently added a Home Mini, it's amazing. Highly recommend this.
Philips Hue is broke when attempting to link. No effort has been made by Google or Philips to resolve the issue
Couldn't find my account but said account name already exists... Couldn't find my recovery info either... after months of no issues I now can't use the app - not impressed.
This app did not help at all in helping to set up my Wireless Party Chain.
Where is the update to show your phone number when making calls through Google Home .... still no update for this feature ?
I think it is a must in every home very helpful and useful for everything from weather to sports scores to news to movies love love it
The app doesn't work I just bought a Google home mini and when I try and click on anything on the app it just doesn't work.
The app is amazing but when I saw people making phone calls with their Google home, I wondered how to do it, I saw tutorials on YouTube and tried to do it myself but the option of phone does not show up in my settings but it does in theirs, I live in India, does that have to do with it
Awful! I expected a lot more from Google when i got my Chromecast! It disconnects all, i mean all the time!
For some reason requires my location in order to change the wifi network that my chromecast is on. Additionally, changing the wifi network of an existing chromecast is accomplished by "adding a new device" instead of selecting the device that's already in the list.
Got it for Christmas, did work perfect until a few days ago, now I can't voice control anything, lights, or my nest thermostat, Fix app please!
This app is not compatible with my samsung AP pro. And screen casting is not possible. Very frustrating.
Why can I still not cast to my Chromecast from Galaxy S8? So annoying!
Unable to cast until reboot of my phone. Worked well in my 6p. S9+ not working as expected.
After the last update, the app keeps crashing when I choose the Explore option from the menu.
Not able to setup google home mini. Useless product
App constantly says it needs an update to setup a Vizio TV, but there is no update and even uninstalling and reinstalling doesn't help.
Since the last update, i can't connect to google home. And after reset, it became worse.
Samsung j7 prime cannot be screen mirror with google chromecast 2nd generation
Doesn't work with latest Android operating system Oreo.
Unreliable, many issues like having no sound, or not being able to connect
Like other reviews it won't pair with separate speaker via BT (can't see or connect to them)not fit for purpose I bought it for not impressed
After update, cant find or connect to any devices. Using my samsung S8 to find / discover 2 Chromecast devices to no avail.
Had 6 device show up now none today ?
Yet another google app that does not work with google's chrome os devices.
Latest update broke connection and disabled wifi setup
App is crashing as soon as I click on invite other people to add voice
Trying to setup chromecast will not give me option to choose connection
Google Chromcast 2 I am not Happy Very Bad Experience With This Product Allways Need A Wi Fi Internet Connection By An Other Android Mobile..
After the last software update on my Samsung s7 i am unable to screen cast to my t.v.. please fix this
causes serious issues with my WiFi and Internet connection, good idea badly execute the, this is the second chromecast I've had, including the January fix, its good when it works but it's not reliable anyone thinking of getting a chromecast should research carefully before making the purchase decision.. I'm looking for an alternative now
Cant add new devices. Online support information is incorrect and not helpful.
Are you kidding me?? Its 2018.. google "assistant" can't handle todo lists or adding events to my google calendar! Wow can't even believe how bad this is
Gives poor or no answers frequently. Doesn't inform how to use except to use Home app.when using home app,such as nickname, it doesn't correlate w device. Speaks aloud w/o addressing it in any way (such as saying hey' google,hello or a combo of such words, which feels like it's spying.
It's a very plain app and a bit difficult to navigate. This, along with my Google home mini will not connect with my Sony Android TV. That needs to be fixed.
Come on Google when are you going to work with text messages and emails
Please make it fully functional as mobile GA. Also give option to change wake up name other than ok google or hey google.
The app was earlier working well, but recently it has stopped recognizing the built in chromecast device in my airtel internet tv.
I just love Google Home. It's suddenly became integrated in the home and we all love listening to music on it.
I need to go in newyork visit my,mother being sick
Only problem i had with it was setting up the voice personalization, i fixed it by updating my Google app first, reseting everything on my Google home, then setting up my Google home again..it worked...but why must i have to do that, rebooting the home and the app should be able to fix the problem
b'Like very much, my home mini device, helps my daily plans, I look forward to seeing more it can do... very exciting times we live in ??'
Not able to cast screen from my galaxy j7 pro please fix...
Not connected with my personal Samsung Galaxy tab
I can cast from my tablet, but only google pay content, can't browse the net because there is no address box. Can't view email, websites or anything other than pay for sports,youtube and payfor movies.
Unable to mirror on android tablet. Also websites cannot cast to TV ?
Smile home smile wife. Kalyanaram is house arrest. Home is wife jail
Unfortunately home has stopped. After update unable to start google home.
Works great. Wish I could set up schedules for devices,
Terrible app. Cant connect to Chromecast. Have tried so many times.
Works great with android but in iphones i cant get voice match to work and it bothers me my information is the only avaliable.(everyone in my family has iphone)
Very bad app of all the apps available on play store.
It does not connect to my Galaxy note 8, I hope that this update helps with that. If it does I'll up my reading if not a leave it as it is. It worked with my Galaxy edge 7 but my note 8 it can't even find it.
Garbage at detecting devices on network, even google products.
The best thing since sliced bread, my wife and I love it...love it...
This app will not open or connect to tv. I have to reopen it over 5 or more times to get it to connect. Ask other adios are working fine also.
Constantly requires phone reboots to work... Been like this for way too long! POS!!!
OMG just got asked my password over and over then says this account is already on my device and can go no further.Just how hard can you make it to download and use an app?
I can get it to cast my screen 10% of the time
The new update is causing issues again
Worked great with Philips Hue the stopped working and won't sync, its been over a month. Please fix with an update.
Easy to integrate with other services. And best voice recognition than anything out there... Love it.
Please add a feature to make infinite loop for ambient sounds
Usual Google trash. Like their company their apps are junk..
Can't proceed after account selection, it'll ask me to sign in which I will do so and says the account is already on the device. I'll try with another Google account and it'll just boot me out and ask me again...
This is great, remember the days of sinclair spectrum, if you do, then you know you been waiting decades for this lol
Sony Bravia remote doesn't work on the Chromecast anymore.
Works roughly 10% of the time. Super wonky, to the point of being embarrassing.
The later updates have brought a much more understandable settings interface. Love it.
Was 5 stars but now it just crashes every time I try to add smart lights on pixel 2
Very few features, most of which do not work.
Its not recognizing my hotspot LG G6 Sprint Please fix!!!!
Superb functionality of a little clunky in terms of easily navigating menus. Plenty of help and instructions online though
after updated the latest version, some videos on FB cant be streamed to TV, please fix it.
Honor View 10: it can't retrieve the list of the account when it starts the account chooser and because of that I can't proceed and use the app. Google Play Services is running
App does not detect device; cannot find even slightly helpful advice on set up
If you love wasting your time restarting devices and not connecting to your chromecast than this is perfect for you!
Unable to sign in says account already in use on phone.
Have to reconnect every day and most days dose not find my Chromecast can take ages
Yo I can't get the damn thing to work
I got a new phone and I forgot to download this.
Doesn't find my account, and when trying to find it, it's says it already exists, I know that, thank you... Then log me in..
Doesn't show chromecast's MAC address. (Edit: Never mind. I just used another router that has no Mac filtering to know the Mac address.)
b'It has stopped linking up to my Chromecast ??'
It won't screen cast on my Galaxy S8 T-mobile
Poor optimisation.poor connectivity.. don't work well on Netflix
It cuts out every 20 minutes
The home app will no longer find the chrome cast. Followed all troubleshooting steps but had no joy.Please can this be fixed
This update still doest allow me to connect my bluetooth speaker to it and i saw this feature online like 10 days ago.
Constant updates cause constant conflicts
b'You have to have wifi for set up which takes way to long to find your chromecast and screen mirroring cant use your mobile instead ??'
Not compatible on S9+ , not working
It worked for few months and then stop completely, I know it's not the phone because I can still cast to the PlayStation.
Makes it easy to control my TV if there's any issues with the Chromecast, all displayed simply.
It sucks balls takes like 4 years to set up and it BARELY works
Great app, but I wish it were possible to sync chromecast video and chromecast audio on the same group. Please make that possible Google!
Amazing app! All they need is to let people with laptops be able to use it! Install it, go to a website, whatever! Just let us see it up from laptops and deals!
Doesn't work...after Google updated it's software
Absolutely love this. My wife initially called this my new toy. Then she had her voice registered and bingo; she was converted
Not easy to setup chromecast with this app
Sometimes it works. Sometimes it doesn't. Will give a five star when it stops glitching out.
Pros and cons compared to other type assistance devices. When is Australia getting the pair to external bluetooth speakers function?
It's amazing really useful I recommend using this app
Been having a hard time getting home mini to play correct music on Spotify. Have to restart it every other day.
The new Bluetooth speaker functionality needs to allow simultaneous music playback on both the Bluetooth speaker and the built in speaker
This app is extremely hit or miss
Almost never sees chromecast. S8
Wow, Google. Not your best work...
Tried to connect my phone but keeps asking to update when its already up to date. Thus does not connect to cast
The app connected my Google home but when I try to go to the main home screen is closes. Although the is very helpful
I keep losing sound after 20 or 30 minutes into a station. Can somebody pleade help me.
Good, but for dinner reason routines are not available for me although Google home says it is. How to fix it?
Please reach the Google home to speak to languages at once more because I want to practice English and Korean
Chromecast used to perfect, nowadays, in all apps, audio is out of sync.
Cannot always mirror to chromecast n freezers sometimes but it's ok
When I add a Wi-Fi network with a hidden SSID that's not yet saved on my device( phone or tablet) through the Google Home app at the same time as adding it to a Chromecast or Google Home speaker, the network DOES show up in my device's list of saved networks, and it DOES show that it was Saved by Home, but then it DOESN'T show up in the list of Available Networks( except when connected to it, obviously; but as soon as I disconnect it's gone again), meaning that in order to connect I have to re-add it manually(, including static DNS info because of my router's network security setting) EVERY TIME, which kind of defeats the purpose of saving it to the device's list of networks in the first place; AND, because the network in question is the one to which I just connected the Chromecast or Google Home, that means that I have to manually enter the same network details( DNS and all) on my phone or tablet under Settings > Wi-Fi EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. if I decide I want to cast anything to the TV or sound system from my device when I'm not already connected to Wi-Fi. Please, PLEASE fix this so that saved networks with hidden SSIDs show up when the user views the Available Networks list in Android WiFi Settings, no matter how they were added to the list! and not with a system update, as your company recently announced that my Pixel C and Nexus 6P won't recieve those any more and there's nothing on the market suitable to replace them with until, well, ever and Pixel 3, respectively. Seriously.
My phone doesn't support mhl video to hdmi cable so yes, Chromecast saved me.
Very good app for casting contents of mobile,Tab direct to Chromecast and it's quite easy to use. Makes simple LED TV as Smart TV using Chromecast device.
I love being able to cast videos without the lag from trying to screen cast. This makes family movie nights awesome.
Even tho im a iPhone user I love my google phone
I like it. But when will there be support for all Google content, including Play Movies & TV?
Works as expected. Be nice to have a little more customisation with in the chrome cast screen saver for smart tvs though
If you have 2 Chromecast, why can't you stream or cast to both devices the same playlist in sync
It would be really nice to be able to manually go forward through the backdrop photos. It would also be nice to keep the backdrop on while playing music.
Absolutely fast and no glitches
how do I open it without searching the play store for it every time? good app but hard to find on phone
After the last update, it stopped recognizing my Chromecast..now I can't reconnect.
Easy setup, works really well.
I bought a Google Home Mini, and this app just brought so many helpful features to it. I am so glad that this app exsist.
Good helpful Shows you the newest movies to watch
Canot play amazon prime videos . No support from google.. aslo. Comments are also not published from Google.
Just learned It's ok.
Won't connect to my account,when I try to add it manually it says ( account already exists)
Doesn't connect. Have to uninstall several time for it to reconnect with Chromecast
Cast screen button suddenly does nothing???
Half of the time it doesn't work
4.1 because you can do better lol it works great!!
I love the Immersive sound quality of Google Home along with AI working so fast n easy.
It was great at first now it keeps disconnecting my cast and resetting it all over, since they update it
O problema foarte enervanta este accea ca nu pot adauga o alta persoana. Atunci cand incerc sa trimit o invitatie, aplicatia imi returneaza un mesaj de eroare si doreste sa trimita eroarea catre Google sau optiunea de a alege Close pentru acel mesaj. Am ales fie sa trimit eroarea, fie sa inchid mesajul si rezultatul este la fel... Nu functioneaza adaugarea unui alt conct in aplicatie :(
After the update to fix the bugs I can no longer mirror to my chromecast
My MI Max phone is not mirroring screen with Google Chromecast please help
Terrific,easy to set up,works like a charm,great value and add on for older non smart tv
Almost never found the device. Also kept asking for an update when it was running the latest version.
I can't seem to log in it just says that the account already exists on the device.
Worked perfect on my s6. Every time i want to use it i have to delete data. Please fix
We love having Google Home. It is great for weather updates, news updates, playing music & a lot more.
Keeps disconnecting in the middle of watching a movie dosent work at all
Too complicated. Need simplification.
I really like the app. Makes things simple and easy to use
Where is the custome command option?? Not able to create my own commands.
Good idea but errors out all the time and is buggy
Como puedo quitar las letras abajo en la pantalla de tv
App cannot connect Google Home Mini to external Bluetooth speaker
Need google account. Bummer.
Seems a good app. Not sure of the extent of it's uses.
I don't need an app to browse streaming content. I need an app to easily control and sometimes reboot my Chromecast.
Not working at all Samsung galaxy s4
Really a good app but not compatible with Galaxy s9 please fix it.
does not screen cast from Samsung Galaxy 7 any more... used to... my Huawei Nexus 6p does.
Glorified and expensive Spotify upgrade
Stuck on cant connect to wifi
Gilbert Grape Raped an ape
Rarely works anymore. My four devices never show as available for casting.
The app keeps crashing
Will not cast correctly
Awesome app, easy to use, and helps me find fun questions to ask my Google Home
After checking on stuff ..it was a app problem google home works great
Keeps asking me to update the app. Yet I did, twice
When i tell Google home to play music it doesnt play anything
Trying to download phone numbers from phone to the google home and can't finish.
Just plain useful for my daily routine
Doesn't work well enough to use it consistently
It lets me use my Google home mini
I have Google home mini with it and find it's not as interactive as Alexa, it's not as smart as I had hoped
Sick of connection issues.
Love my Google mini home and my kids do too, looking to get chromecast for my TV nxt.
Conconstant loop of add new account and enter pin...
Didn't work at all..
Galaxy Note 4 user, still no options for routines.
It dint do enything my cromecats stil not working ;-;
Anc123 I'm a boss of the stress and my life is great fun trustworthy
Latest update can't connect to my Chromecast anymore
Having a hard time connecting to Phillips Hue device.
Does not list email on the phone to get started with
5 if shopping list could be saved to Keep
Very limited stuff can be done useing the app
Some nights it works, most of the time it don't, please fix.
Latest update required resetting my phone (Galaxy S7) to get it to work.
I don't want mannage account and any attachments
Screen cast / audio not working with google Chrome cast.
It don't work
I love it if I could just find an easier way to pair with my phone
WONDERFUL GET IT BEST THING THAT'S GONNA HAPPEN
How do you change the personal results setting?
Cast to screen not working on android 8
can no longer connect devices to phone
Could not cast from Galaxy S9+
It's nice and so are google products and it allows the user to set up google home easily
Was great untill update now keeps cutting out.
Does not support full dolby 5.1 sorround! When will this be fully supported?
Very hard to set up for TV!
Suddenly cannot connect new devices.
cannot connect without wifi
Wont connect my phone to my Chromecast anymore.
Does not find my account.. account already exits
Not working with first version of chromecast
Not working since last update
Doesn't pair with my Bluetooth speakers
Loosing control with chromecast all the time
I can not connect to Chromecast
Not working on s9 samsung devices
Why do I need my locations on?
Thank You Google. :)
Works well and always learning more
No routines update yet [Canada]
Good so far. Still learning.
Crashes too often
Doesn't connect with tv chrome
Won't connect to my phone
The app is good but will be better if we could cast content of Airtel TV
It's helpful most of the time
please give a new interesting update for Chromecast firmware like new ui and all
App won't open. Pixel 2xl
Fully connecting your life without making use their devices!
What a busy day!
Too many incompatibilities
Connectivity issues on VPN
I would not connect
Works when up to date don't update device or or will quit working
Does not work
Always problem sounds
Bugs and more bugs
Thank you alot
never works right
I really love this app. I just wish I could access multiple calendars
So weak in hindi
Very bad app
Not plug and play
Take a while to load D
Can't cast screen useless
It rarely works right.
Google home mini can work without Internet and Wi-Fi
I can control my home and other stuff. Very helpful
The app won't update
Excellent! The app works great and is laid out nicely.
I can able to cast apps but i cant cast my screen.
Great app for those who have money to buy accessories and a smart tv
I use it with Chromecast.
Lacking features.
Would be great if it actually worked reliably.
Great using Google it with my chrome cast it's quick and efficient
Old version worked.
Hey Google!
Full of bugs!
Wow ! Aawesome
I don't like it
b'Still working for me!!(??'
Doesn't work correctly on android 4.1 Xperia S LT26i
This is the good app for tv
I think it was an awesome app
Not working for samsung S9...
Its rubbish.
Bug fixes and performance improvements
b'What can I say except I love Google home ??'
I love it. Especially working out of town and nothing is ever on TV.
No funciona en espaol
Thank you for fixing
It does the job
Eventual someone to talk to
Moving in right directions
Not working at all
Awesome, but when will routines become available in canada?
For an older version
Its worth downloding
Cant log in to cast
Idk its ok
some time cast another not cast very sad performance
An amesome app for Chromecast device... I just love it!!
Great app, easy to use interface, no hassel at all
Working like a charm now on Moto G5S Plus
Needs the option to set your own DNS server
Good app for controlling all your media devices
Good but needs to be able to answer more questions
Yeah, it's dope
Couldn't connect
Wowwww!!!!
One of the most useful apps in my life.
This really appear to be a very useful app .
b'Great app for my Google Home Mini??'
I love it!
Very much amazing app to cast and mirror
Give better accessment in 1 week or so
I'll jfhk
This is the best app for controlling Google products
Great app !!
Needs to be stronger....not even coming in on my S7
Alexa works better more clean!
Would be better if the casting was optimised for Samsung galaxy A5
Pornhub on my big screen, IT'S GREAT!!!
I. Like. It
It's perfect no other explanation.
Won't update unresponsive no support
Ok, essential to get GH working.
I love the Chromecast. Easy g
I love this app
Devices don't always show up
Works sometimes
Google home app very useful
It also helps for screen mirroring
Another win for the all powerful Google
This app is very useful and user friendly
Great app, use it lots!
Imran rajeput
Need wifi
Not used
Thank you
I like it
gay asf
Works perfectly and does what it is supposed to.
Security risks
Too complicated
It's cool
So far so good!!!
Why. How you soup
So far so good.
Why?..Why?..Why chrome why?..IT DOES NOT CAST!!!!!....please fix it...
I Love Google products
The application should be simple
I works so well
Good two have for movies
Great stuff love Google
Good but it should be best
Good and easy to connect to chromecast
Dosn't work
Download it it's absolutely perfect
It's not bad
It's great!
I love it!
Like it
Love the home automation
This app is awsome
App is great and useful
Osm very nice
Awesome to have effective
Better than Alexa
Useful app and reliable
I think it awsome
Good very beutifull
Awesome thanks for the SUPPORT
Nice and very useful
Good App Thanks
Good shii
GREAT IDEA
Gangesye
Like
Michaeljames
Kinky
Had
Gud
Like it
Super
Play
ok
No
House
Okey
Osam
Easy as abc123.
b'GREAT DEVICE ??'
It's the best
I love it.
Great !
Amazing!
Love it!
Bad
Good app
Very helpful
Exellent app
I love i it
Great app
good app
Good and useful
Awesome app
Awesome like it
Excellent app
It awsome
Great app
Good stuff
Great app
Good ok
Great App
Why is this important
Great job
Works great
It is great
The Best
Lovely app
I Useful
Perfect
Awesome
Brilliant
Love it
Excellent
Best
Sweet
Good
awesome
Love it
Great
Amazing
Nice
Great
Excellent
Awesome
Good
awsome
Amazing
Love it
excellent
AWESOME
Good
Love it
Good
awesome
Love it
Great
Good
Love it
Love it
Loved it
Useful
Satisfied
Nice
Ok 
Worked flawlessly first time getting a few devices and rooms setup. As soon as I wanted to add a couple more I am unable to edit anything or find / add new devices. Error connection message is now all I get. The app itself seems great if it worked as advertised! Would happily change to 5 stars if it became reliable.
The latest Bluetooth speaker connectivity on the Home line improvement made an already amazing product complete, and compelled me to write this review. I also ditched my TV remote, and just tell the assistant to turn the TV off and on via Chromecast. For me the best VPA assistant out there, and affordable to top it all.
Unplugged my free home mini. My mini should be able to answer separately from my phone to commands. It can't read back messages and responds when I'm talking to my phone. I want to turn on bluetooth for my phone but the mini responds and it thinks I want my mini bluetooth on. It can't read back messages or locate movies via the Google Play Movies & TV app. Can't cut off my Sony tv running Android. WTH?
b"What is going on Google home? I can't cast from my Android phone anymore since a day or so ago. Did the latest update mess something up? My Chromecast doesn't show up at all now for casting when I try to do it from my phone as usual! Everything was working just fine before! Why can't y'all leave stuff alone!? If it ain't broke then don't fix it! What do I do now? How can I cast stuff to my television? Can I do it from my lap top then? I've tried messing with it, but I can't figure out anything and I'm very frustrated! Had a very important show that I wanted to watch. ?? Help please!"
Why the heck do I need to give Google Home "location" permissions in order to "find my Google Chromecast device", and why do I need to sign-in to a Google Account in order to stream from my mobile device to my Chromecast device via a direct connection? Lucky for me, I have a Miracast device that addresses every one of these issues - no requirement for un-necessasary permissions, no requirement to sign-in to a Google account and the setup is virtually instantaneous! If you're heavily invested in the Google eco system and you don't care for privacy, Google Home will be right up your alley... On the other hand, if you want a non-proprietary solution that respects your privacy, consider the alternatives - such as Miracast.
Connection issue when trying to add other devices (LightwaveRF specifically). Google need to clean house before Amazon and Apple get too far ahead in the home automation business! The app is atrocious to navigate with confusing menus. C'mon Google I got faith in you!
It's become unusable with Hue lights. I'm unable to add new lights or relink my account. I cannot modify/delete rooms or change the rooms devices are in as I get a "check your connection" error every time. This has been going on for months with no communication from Google.
What a nightmare. Wishing I hadn't bought into home/Chromecast. The devices take down my internet 3-4 times a week. Evidently a patch went out in January, but this is NOT fixed. Only way to stop them from playing when they disappear is unplugging them. Really disappointed; deserves 0 stars currently. Previous review: Add volume to notification. Add go to streaming Chromecast on notification click
Chromecast worked fine for the first few months but now it cuts out all of the time even when my Wi-Fi is fine and that is even if we can get anything to connect. Even YouTube app has trouble connecting. It's all updated and connected I've done all troubleshooting and still nothing. I thought this was awesome for the price but now not so keen
Seems to only be available of you have an AI speaker attached to your house/WiFi, already. Also only likely to work, if your "smart Tv" is *by default*, enabled to support Google Home (imo, ALL Android Tv's should be). Annoying that they are somehow, not.
Worked perfectly until the other day when I tried to add some devices. Kept getting a connection error when trying to assign a new device to a room. Reset everything and now I can't connect any devices, which renders the home control feature useless.
b"As of this year I can't seem to connect to the vast device in my tv. I'm connected to the same Wi-Fi as the device but I can't connect at all!!! And even if I try to reboot it, it still won't work! This problem is really eating me up because I want to use my tv and watch movies and my shows but I can't do that anymore as of this new update. ??"
Will not adjust to new address. If I ask my "commute to work" it always tells me commute time from my old address. But if I ask "how's my commute from HOME to work?" It'll tell me from my new, current address. So annoying. I've tried to play with it, reset it, anything to make it register that my address is different in the settings, but it will not adjust. Wth
Help please. When I am listening to Spotify via Android auto driving home and someone at home asks to play something on Google home in the kitchen at the same time, songs stop playing in my car. Very annoying! What can I do to stop this.
Loved the app since my first install. However since I expanded my hone connections nothing has worked properly. I keep getting "check your connection" error messages. I want you go back to loving this app, not wondering if I need to delete it
Would give this app 5 stars but recently purchased a new tablet running android 4.4.2 so that I could cast the screen. Unfortunately I get message to say device is not optimised. Apart from that everything else works just great.
The app menu still does not work. The first few selections do nothing (music, shopping, etc.) I asked a question and never got a response. It's a known issue with several solutions but none of them work for me. One day this app might work.
Need easier way to delete devices out of rooms. Just delete! It's almost like you're trying to force us to put everything into rooms. That's not how I want to use it. Alexa listened and add this feature, just delete a device. Alexa is much better at this point.
I am beyond pissed at this app. All I want it for an app to play my god damn playlist. I started Pandora premium, Spotify premium, and YouTube red to try to get a playlist to play. Not one playlist will play from any of my apps. I have when through the set up several times making sure they're all use the same email I restarted everything minimum of 5 times including my phone and the mini it's self. The app gives no instructions for fixing these issues. No ability to show Google that I have many playlist and no way to fix my issues. So I rate this app 1 star because I've spent now 8 hours total trying to get a playlist to play. Please fix my issues before I break my mini or my phone. Sincerely, very busy pissed off college student.
It takes about 300 attempts before I can successfully mirror my phone to my TV. Infuriating. It's a pitiful app compared to Alexa's. Most of the time, actions performed in this app have no effect on the Google Home devices.
It's recently stopped working with Hue lights and linking the TV and Netflix account together does not work either. Maybe they don't care for the UK or maybe it's another one of Google's good ideas that they got bored of and left to rust. Might work, might not.
App shows 6 devices linked but no device cards! Can't make any changes or updates to each item, or create multiple groups for music. Soooo frustrating! PS. Reset multiple times already, Uninstalled and reinstalled but no luck! WTH! Reached out to chat with someone and they were not able to figure out the problem and it took too long and I was working so set up for a call back but F it. He wants me to reset up everything reboot network etc. Too much work. Giving up.
Load up Chromecast. "Oh, need to connect it to new WiFi". load up Home App. "Let's Get Started" ok. "Sign in to get [blahblahblah]". attempt to sign in. "This accounts already exists on your device". Well, DURR, you piece of $%# app. "Find my Account". type in details. NOTHING! ABSOLUTELY SMEGGING NOTHING!
Very limited in what it can do You need to speak in plain English cannot find if you say OK Google BBC radio 2 sometimes you say OK Google and does not respond. If listening to the BBC news it plays adverts after the news and you cannot get it to shut down until all the adverts are said. A waste of money.
Works like a charm. For everything except for Chromecast. Which, you know, I'm paying a $10 a month subscription for integration with.. Both this and Google home get back their five stars when they work together for a longer duration than one or two songs. Very very well-documented. It is Google Play music that is the problem, because every other app works fine. Peck Amazon music through Chromecast actually works super reliably. I don't know if that's the kind of standard you want to be maintaining. This keeps up, I'm going to drop this subscription I'm paying you ten bucks a month for and give it to Amazon. At least they know how to use your device. Geez, you make both products, could you go across the hall and fix this garbage?
If I'd known in advance how frustrating this gadget is, I would have just bought a tv! I bought this as I am not tech savvy and was told it was easy and painless to use. Ha! What a joke. Everytime I use it, I have to restart my phone. If I put it on pause while I do other things, it disconnects and I have to go through the process all over again. As for screen casting from my phone (I have neither a computer or tablet), there should be a way to "hide SMS while casting". I would not recommend this. Waste of $50 I see from all the other comments, Google hasn't responded. Go figure, typical multi-million dollar company
What the hell has happened..... After latest Home update my google home keeps telling me to log in through the home app. Have reset but no joy. My 4k chromecast, and google home are now useless pieces of expensive plastic !!!!!
Many people commenting blame the app when it's the cheap hardware or old OS versions that are the problem. This works flawlessly when used as intended for my Android TV, Nexus Player, Google Home, and Google Home mini...along with a bunch of WEMO, Nest, and Ring products.
very bad experiment with this stupid chromecast device.. better to use miracast instead. it is cheaper and easier to use. i've got headache of trying to show my phone on the tv but at last i found no solution for that
Worked superbly every time at first. It's stopped working now and after a few minutes of casting my screen, it just crashes and the tablet reboots....really!!?? On an Android machine!!?? Isn't this a Google product on a Google OS....maybe it works better on an Apple. Wouldn't be surprised at all. Damn, get your act together Google!!!
Worked great first time, casting to android TV with built in Chromecast, then on second use would not find device. Kept trying but got fed up. Uninstalled.
It was fine for some time, but now I noticed small problem. There is no chromecast button when I'm watching some videos in chrome on android in desktop view. Anyway the button is visible in mobile version (I mean when I untick desktop view in chrome). Any solution for this? I can of course switching manually to mobile view when want to cast but mobile versions of pages are usually strange and ugly designed.
Please ADD SLEEP FUNCTION for Chromecast. Annoying that Chromecast is missing basic sleep function. Gets powered down a lot of the time and put in the drawer bc I don't want it on, constantly. Sleep would be a great addition.
Might as well forget your smart home if you lose power for even a second. Now my WeMo switches dont connect and Google Home is useless. I've tried resetting everything and nothing works. The power outage must have fried any memory of WeMo exisiting.
App works great with all my connected devices. Most the reviews seem to be people that struggle with tech and are using old and unsupported devices. Blame the manufacturer of your crappy tv. Not the app.
Well there are ups and downs. The down is it keeps poping up on my screen at random times. Also when I talk to it and i'm in the middle of something it pops up. One annoying thing with the device is that it !akes you pay for using Spotify. It's more like when you want a specific song. Please fix this. But the ups are that I can request a certain singer. Another up is that it can reconize what i'm saying even when i'm really sleepy. And thats all. Please add more features.
I've had one for a few days. It can't do much at all. And looks to me that google has dropped It, like so many of their things.
Literally unusable. It asks for an account, claims it can't see any of the three google accounts on the device, and then tells me that my account is already on the device. Unable to add account or search for the chromecast, let alone actually being able to use the device.
Fantastic product and app. The only things that you can do to improve it is sending emails and adding items to shopping list in Google keep. Since having to make calls on the Google home is has been really useful.
I am tired of the stupid ads that pop up every 5 mins on my phone! I am gonna resell this trash,( if someone is interested)and will forget about it's existing! Expensive useless toy!
I have to reboot my chrome cast every few days since it cannot find the device to cast too. Been using this chrome cast for years and have never had issues until just recently. It is connected to wifi because it says so on the TV, gives weather and changes pictures when on. However, no device can cast to it and on Google home it says there are no devices on the network. Extremely annoying when you try to watch TV and must reboot something that wastes about 10 minutes. Then you search online to find a fix and Google blames the router. If it was a router issue, it wouldn't work immediately after I reboot and reset it up. Please fix these issues. I am not the only one with them, I've read countless threads of users having the same problem.
It has been an absolute nightmare trying to get this Chromecast to work. I bought my mom one years ago when I was a young teen. Was easily able to set everything up. Now this thing only works when it wants. Deleting the app and returning the Chromecast.
Broken. After updating because I was forced to, in that my home devices would no longer control my lights now I cant add the lights back, deletw or alter the rooms to try and start over or pretty much do anything. Every time I try to make a change "couldn't update setting. Check your connection." It's not my connection. Oh and there's more, now I can tuse the smart functions of my Vizio TV because I won't get past trying to initialize it's Google SmartCast component. So that's great. TL;DR devices and services dependant on the Google Home framework are broken.
This application will only work if I either reboot my phone or reinstall the app each time. You would think that a Google app would work with Chromecast. This app does not work.
Worked fantastically until the last update unlinked all my devices, but having to relink everyone's devices is a pain. It had a 5 star rating till the last update now I'm giving it a 1 star. Updates shouldn't break current functionality nor should they ever be forced which this one was.
Poorly designed mess. I'm a die-hard Google fan but stuff like this makes me understand why people choose the Apple ecosystem.
It worked fine with third party app for home control. After adding devices (smart we link app). It did not longer link the app. Tried it on a older phone and still nothing. Seems to be a Assistant issue. Home control is now limited to the native app. Awaiting a solution like update
Very frustrated. Every time I tell the home to play one of my playlists, from Google music, it plays a random playlist. Please fix, I just want to listen to my music.
This app keeps getting worse and worse with every update. Functionality keeps getting removed. Don't buy Google Homes or Chromecast, get the Amazon Echo instead.
b'It was great until we started experiencing the exact same problem as many other users. We linked our Hue Lights and needed to make a change and now no matter how many resets, restarts and redos are done the error message "unable to save settings check your connection" comes up. SO disappointed. Since it seems no one from Google is attempting to reach customers or even acknowledging the vastness of this issue we will be returning all of our devices and choosing another system. What a waste \xe2\x98\xb9'
I was frustrated with the recent update rendering my hue light controls useless. It kept giving me an error saying web page can't be found when trying to add my hue lights. After speaking with Googlehelp desk we solved the problem. Cleared cashe on google home and Google assistant, then completely logged out of hue account. From that point i was able to log back into hue account and reconnect lights. I'm happy that they now work again.
Useless app. Doesn't work consistently. Cant delete rooms. Doesn't link accounts. Consistently complains about connection when everything else works. Absolute rubbish. Google's support is equally pathetic.
A little temperamental. Especially with third-party apps. If it could diagnose why something isn't working at a given moment that would save time lost to fault finding.
Everytime I connect, my roommate sees it on his phone. An when he disconnects his. It turns mine off. How does he have access to it when it's connected to my phone?
Love Google Chromecast devices however Google Home app lacks fast forward and rewind option in it's virtual remote. It would also be great to have Private Audio Listening mode available in Google Home app. The private listening mode is supported in Nividia Shield and Roku Ultra which allows user to listen audio directly into the headphones.
Update, yes, it was fixed, now it's broken again with the latest updates. The ability to cast from a device which is sharing a wifi hotspot. We'll be told to get a second device to cast, etc. Not the first one reporting this, but it is very anmoying. I use my unlimited data hotspot on my phone to connect 2 chromecasts, and one chromecast audio. As of a week ago, i can no longer stream to those devices from my phone, which is the one creating the hotspot. I have been doing this for over a year with no issue intil last week. I do use a second device to cast and it works fine, but it is not as convenient and i have to now keep track of which room i have that device in. It just makes no sense to remove abitiies with firmware updates. Hope this gets fixed soon.
Pretty poor app. Very difficult to set things up. Will not link to your Google Play music without a premium subscription. Alexa is far better at this point in time.
Everything important or useful is stuck at least 3 menus/clicks down. Why is it that the second tab "Discover" is the most useless tab and still given so much real estate. Needs to be redesigned from the ground up
Not able to access home control menu. Have a bunch of added smart devices for home control is not loading since few days. All devices are synced via voice command and were showing until few days back.
Awful connects Chromecast then disconnects ?? Needs rebooting all the time also screen freezes.Sometimes no sound and picture out of Time with sound like a badly dubbed foreign advert not at all impressed !! Also Chromecast logo sometimes redirects you to useless websites or useless apps in Google play store
I can't ever get this app to work. It will open but will not let me select any part of the menus. I'm disappointed that it won't work because I was really looking forward to using it. This app needs some serious updates.
Optimised for S7 down but not current S8???? Sharing screen was optimised enough that previous version worked just fine. Why optimise it to remove sharing for S8 that worked? That is not optimising, that is just called stupid.... get a grip Google.
Google Home app had been working fine with my Phillips Hue lights, but now it's broken. I've tried all the troubleshooting with no luck. Fix your broken app, Google.
Don't know what happened. Had some update for the Routines. Tried re labeling some rooms to utilize this and it said to "check connection". So I removed the accounts and tried re linking them. Now I can't re link and now have no control on anything.
There should be more customization with the new "Routine" part. There's only a certain number of routines and they only have a certain number of actions (e.g. Saying "I'm leaving" only gives you 2 actions). When it says "adjust lights" it doesn't allow you to adjust them, only turn them off and on, even though ihave adjustable smart bulbs. Very limited app.
Way too many bugs to give a decent rating. My Chromecast and Chromecast audio both randomly disconnect from my device. In Chromecast audio it completely stops audio playback while the regular Chromecast I can no longer control playback or volume of whatever I'm watching. I've had this device for well over a year and the bugs just never go away. Also PLEASE change default volume for casting to Chromecast to something besides full blast. Or just make it default to whatever I used last time. Every single time I connect and start streaming the volume blasts out of the TV because it always goes back to full blast? I can't believe nobody has fixed this yet.
The app has pretty limited functionality outside of connecting new devices. I would like to see recommendations based on how I use the devices, and development of what you can use the app for (i.e a remote control for apps casting on my network)
This bloody device chromecast is so troublesome that its only 10% of fun and 90% of issue, setup, reboot, fixes and abuse to developers. Not even Google Photos cast properly on it, how can you expect other apps to work well. Only youtube works well if you are lucky enough to resolve all the setup issues. Seems like a big conspiracy to promote Youtube here. Do not buy Chromecast if not already bought. Go for something better.
I'm pulling my hair out trying to install this on my kid's device so she can use the Google home using Family Link as per Google's recommendation. Does not work. Will not install.
When will Google home be able to control my sony tv with Android TV operations.? I find it crazy that amazing Alexa can do it, but Google doesn't support there own systems?
It's getting better but the name is misleading as it's not really a home control app as it doesn't show nor control Google related hardware outside of Chromecasts. I like that I can fairly easily see all my Chromecast devices in one spot but I wish it could be configured to always open by default in the Devices section. I don't need to look at ads to download other apps when I first open it. For an app called Google "Home" it lacks integration of all my Google-related home devices like my several Nest thermostats and Lifx lights. It also doesn't display my WeMo switches and outlets that are supposedly Assistant compatible. This app should be called Google Chromecast Home or Google Media Home because it's not really an overall Home Control app.
Not able to cast apps instantly. Each and every time I had to clear cache in app and then I have to cast. Cant able to cast Amazon video. Consuming loads of data. Useless kindly try fire stick.
Great potential But very disappointing device. Everything is related to google. I hope sony will provide updates to use my xperia z with chromecast without third parts apps.
Chromecast has worked fine for years. Came home and message on screen says download Google Home app. 3 hours later can't get it to work. Went online and ordered Fire stick. Problem solved.
Cast Screen and Audio barley working. Majorly lagging constantly. Closing it completely. Not every worth using it anymore. Fix this!
Where is the bluetooth speaker option? Rebooted, refreshed, read and re-read instructions and still no clue how to add the bluetooth speaker...very confusing. Why can't the apps just be simple and work?
This app couldn't get past the find your account screen. Total rubbish. You'd have thought it would be able to find accounts on your phone
The new calls feature hasn't appeared on my android app(in the uk) I have been able to set up my personal number on my iPad but on my Oneplus 5T the option "Calls on speakers" is still not listed
MAGNIFICENT app gets your passwords and pins on all devices. In doing so it gains full access and and and that's it. Nothing is provided, everything it is described to be is bogus mambo jumbo. It's designed to gather sensitive information in return not provide any features zilch. Bait and switch. Oh one feature a complaint button. THANKS GOOGLE
Since CEC stopped working for me at Christmas, things have really gone down hill with this system. Without CEC, my Home speaker is now a $130 clock, and egg timer. Chromecast has to be restarted multiple times a day. Buffering lags occur often enough to make me think I'm on a dial up connection. I can open my Netflix app, find a movie, ask Home to play it, and Home will say that movie is not available. Seriously, what's the point of this thing?
After the update my cp can no longer detect the tv. The cast icon is no longer avail in YouTube, mx player and vlc. Allcast cannot detect the tv too through Chromecast dongle. i did reboot the router and Chromecast dongle by unplugging and used another hdmi port but to no avail.also tried soft and hard factory reset,still no luck.pls help!..i don't know what happened but the day after everything started to work again.not sure if what i did resolved the issue or it resolved on its own. Perhaps Google reverted back the changes on their end or they had an issue on their Chromecast server but whatever it is,am quite happy now
I was able to connect my Google home mini very easy. Only problem I want the Google assistant on my phone which is Android 7.0, but the app is still not available and I want to know why. Thanks for listening.
What are you doing Google? Now I can't turn on the lights or anything. I get the message to log in. I'm already logged in.
Totally unreliable. It loses all your devices for no good reason, and you'll spend hours trying to get them back and in the end you will have to reset them all and set them up again.
b"Google chromecast is the best thing I've bought, I use it mainly to catch up on tv but I use it for you tube too, amazing quality and never had a problem with it yet. Beats any product made by Apple ?? Google gadgets always!! ??"
Eh it's ok. It quite often doesn't work and often things I ask it come back with "Sorry I can't help with that yet." I like that I can tell it to play music but it often plays from Spotify instead if my own Google Play Music account even though I'm not connected to it. It also often signs me out of my account and when I ask it to tell me how long it will take to get to work, it tells me I have sign back in again first making it all but useless because I have to pick up my phone to do that and if I have to pick that up I may as well use that to get the info instead making it a fail in my book. When it plays the music I want I like it. It would be nice to be able to shuffle that music.
App is a bit of a mess but does the job if spend time digging into every menu. Really needs a redesign from the ground up to make it more user friendly.
I usually love everything Google does but this app misses the mark. it's really buggy, which is strange for Google products. I can delete rooms and can't connect my Nest. it has great potential but shouldn't have been released in this state.
Easy to use and reliable with all of my Home Mini's, Chromecasts, Hue Lights, and Nest! I wish Hulu had the same voice control capabilities that Netflix has integrated with Assistant. I also wish Private (headphone) Listening was an included feature.
The main stuff it's working and it's really cool. Anyway, it's impossible to configure the rooms as change the names of the devices. This makes the home automation a bit useless.
b"It does the job... most of the time. Just now my 1st Gen Chromecast has stopped connecting through the Google Home app. YouTube casts but other apps that use the Home app don't ??"
I can't cast my phones audio at all anymore (before it would kind of work sometimes, always needing to be reconnected). also, it won't allow me to set up voice match for my Google home mini. It just keeps scrolling on the please wait page.
I have two Chromecast Audios which have been working well with my old phone (HTC One M7) which used Android 5. Upgraded to a Pixel 2 in the last couple of weeks on Android 8.1 and this phone consistently forgets about the CCAs, needing factory resets of the Chromecasts, phone reboots, and generally trying everything to get Google Home to see them. I normally use Spotify for streaming to the Chromecasts (which has worked with no problems on my old HTC One). Now Spotify works fine once I've got the Chromecasts to appear, but when I stop casting the Pixel forgets about the Chromecasts again. I have no problems at all with my Toshiba Chromebook which will always see the Chromecasts and connect to them when using Spotify. I assume this is a Home problem on Pixel 2 or on Android 8, and not a Spotify problem. I can stream from my Pixel phone to a Bluetooth speaker from Spotify with no problem.
Not able to cast anymore. . . Very disappointed.. after buying Chromecast worked fine 1st few goes now has stopped workin ..
Unintuitive, clunky, impossible to get to grips with Google home and the mini. This is an ergonomic nightmare. It needs a massive rethink.
This app downright doesn't work on a Samsung S7. I have had this since Christmas and I can't select anything from the side menu (music, shopping list etc.) Have uninstalled, reinstalled, updated to no avail. Contacted the company two months ago and still no reply.
What should have been an awesome AI controlled smart home, has turned out to be nothing more than a voice activated Google searcher and speaker. I cannot add new devices at this time or modify existing rooms in the app. I called Google support and the level 1 tech reproduced the issue but stated that there was nothing she could do right now other than escalate to the engineering team. Fix the smart device integration issues and I'll give it more stars.
The lack of basic smart home products that the Google Home covers is staggering. I thought it would compare to the Amazon Echo, it doesn't. Its Amazon's poor cousin.
To everyone. Go back to using landline telephones and delete everything you have online so companies like Google and Facebook can't track what you are doing and sell the information on. That's what you sign up to when you accept the conditions.
The Chromecast media control is *terrible*. There's no way to seek forward or backwards by a fixed amount (like pretty much any other app); the only way to control position is a slider bar that is hopelessly broken. E.g. you pull it backwards by about 5 minutes, release your finger, and about 90% of the time it snaps right back to where it originally was. Very frustrating to use.
Buggy and unreliable. Amazon Alexa is far more polished. Which is very unfortunate.
The new update doesn't allow volume control for Chromecast. It displays an error message on the screen "surround sound mode, use TV remote."
I am so upset. The new version will not let me mirror my phone to my TV. Apps can be casted but my phone can't be mirrored anymore. Can you please fix this????
Only use I have for the Google Home is to vocally command it to play specific songs from my Google Music library but they refuse to give it that ability. IDC about anything else it does.
Terrible. Always disconnects. Not worth the trouble. Just get an Alexa device. It will work better
Unreliable. Issues. Also, by design, will not allow your TV to sleep and will sap your data when you are not using it.
Trying to mirror my phone onto the tv no longer works. The phone plays well but the image on the tv freezes with the chromecast and all I get is sound (Samsung Galaxy Note 5). I can longer take screenshots by holding the home button.
The inability to disable backdrop on Chromecast devices infuriates me. And they apparently want to rub it in because there is a little status indicator telling you it's on, which tricks the novice I to thinking you can turn it off. But it's like cake. A big lie.
The new app i am no longer able to longer my philips hue lights and now videos wont olay through google home. Its only happened since the new app
Having major issues linking up Google home & Lutron Caseta together. Will say that they successfully linked, but will not show up in Google home app. Please help.
This is great but when I connect screen mirror option it was not able to do but casting was possible then I need to restart my phone every time to screen mirror that only bug I found else I could give a 5 star to this app
Consistently fails to link to devices or make changes, showing the error "Couldn't update the setting. Check your connection". This entirely defeats the purpose of an app to merge multiple home automation devices.
It is to work great but both my Google home & mini now won't stop repeating "here's the latest news" over and over again. Tried factory resetting both and even my phone but it won't stop. If it does and I ask for anything else it will start the cycle all over again. Any suggestions?!
Why can't this app (Google's native Chromecast app) detect my Chromecast environment when other apps can? This wasn't the case a few days ago. Did an update break it?
Love everything Google but with routines there has been a big oversight in my humble opinion. Routines need to allow for setting light levels and colors OR allow to activate smarthings shortcuts to do the same. It seems odd that the only option is to turn on or off a light instead of setting a level and color. For example, movie time should allow me to set the lights to 10 percent and a color of my choosing. I'll update to 5 stars if this gets fixed.
I'd love to give this 5 stars as it has many great features but over the last few months of updates casting to Chromecast has gotten more and more unstable and is now almost unusable. It crashes more often than not on all my Android devices and I can't even run it in my Acer tablet. I really hope these stability problems are fixed soon.
Adding my number to make calls with Google home doesn't work. No messages come through, when I try to verify it says it could not update the seeing and to check my connection.
Guys, to get around this s**t apps functions not working, I use my partners iPhone to set everything up. These issues only seem to be on android devices.
Well my Google home was working well with my Spotify and I was able to skip songs on my Google Home but now a different voice pops up and tells me "Sorry, the music stopped since your Spotify is being used on another account" well we tried restarting it and turning off but still the same outcome please fix!!!!
It does not operate well and find my anycast dongle device to cast audio vedio in order to that i need your support and help.
What it does, it does well. Netflix, play music, Pandora and 2 others. Finally added google+. Now with many slow style gaming, most entertaining, we use at work on every shared screen.
Why the hell is my chromecast a open wifi it became unusable because it was so slow apparently my neighbors were conected to my wifi from my chromecast please fix this bug google
Mine has been working fine until the other day what's going on i have tried a few different things to get it going again and nothing Chromecast is still coming up on my tv but not showing up on my phone
I hate this app. Google home is pretty much useless. Just buy a better Bluetooth speaker.
This is starting to lose connection to my two Chromecasts on a regular basis. It worked perfectly before, what's going on?
Chromecast no longer works with my phone I don't know what happened but it is now a useless device. Fix this
The whole Chromecast ecology seems to be under maintained. Nothing ever really works flawlessly.
Why does this application need my precise location? Quit bugging my phone and let me scan for my Chromecast in peace! Anyone else had enough of the data mining?!
Can,t get voice complete in Assistant device. Enrolment incomplete.. Chr9me stick alwsys have trouble reconnect...
This app will not let me link my accounts or change music settings. I hope they fix this because it's extremely frustrating
It never ever just works right. There's always some kind of garbage you've got to go through again and again for anything to work right on this app.
Horrible device setup, no instructions, waste of money. Spent hours trying to set it up. Horrible device. Throwing it away
It's great when it works correctly. Half the time it can't recognize the chormecasts we have in the house and we have to restart Google home
I haven't used the Chromecast for a while. but I attempted to use the screen mirror function and it refuses to play ball. When did Google decide to remove this function? Not happy
Worst customer service, when I post a problem nobody replies. The cast screen is not working now.
Can not install on my android phone. This account already exists message persists. Lost 4 hours to set up my new chromecast device with no success. Now I am returning the device to the dealer and never want to have it again!
Wake up google Chromecast, last 2 days I am unable to connect, have rebooted phone, device, uninstalled and reinstalled the app. Nothing works!
Piece of junk, could not assign or even delete devices and rooms. Showed no connection even when all were connected to network. Broke it and threw it away. What a terrible product!!!!!
This app does not work- The settings for Chromecast does not respond at all. There for cannot add google account. Only thing I can do is cast.
Absolute rubbish. 90% of the time I spend hours rebooting the Chromecast trying to connect my phone to it yet again.
If I remove my account from the google home voice match i cant add it back. Only by factory reset of speaker. And the UI is terrible.
Stopped working after update. Factory reset both chromecasts and my router. Now my wifi on my phone is jacked up and I have no casting. Terrible.
My phone doesnt do chrome cast only mirroring but I was impressed google home does that and it reconizes where want to cast from in 10 seconds or less
I just got the chrome cast with this app not even 24h ago and it's a pain in the ass. My phone works great no buffering when i watch vids except the few 1st seconds, but with this, it's like it's stopping my wi-fi or the app stops working every 2 to 5 min when I watch something, it's so annoying! I have to loose minutes to try and start it again and if I dare go back more than 30 sec, there's a huge chance it's gonna stop playing all together and I have log out and back in the app and refresh my browser. I'll have to try another app but if it still does that, I'll have to refund my chrome cast...
Need to update my chromecast device for better screen mirroring with mobile devices because it loses the mirror image after sometime when I play any movie in Mobile and project it to my TV screen even with WiFi router with high data speed. Sometime when I play YouTube channel on this device it disconnect automatically from my mobile which used as a remote. I have a Google phone Xiaomi mi A1. Please resolve it.
Great but when my phone goes to sleep or something the streamed netflix goes out and it goes to the scresn where it shows the time. Orher than having to keep my pgone on its cool
Broken after update, the home controls won't load no matter what so can't add or reassign rooms, can't access accounts etc
Ever since it changed to google home the app became unusable for me. Cant get 5 seconds into the app before it crashes.
Used to work, now I need to reboot Chromecast or router just to get device to show up in the apps.
Useless! Doesn't work on s8+ Just disconnects straight away when trying to connect
A recent update seems to have turned this to rubbish. Factory reset of chromecast, still not working.
Can't get my Google home device connected to internet and router.
I need some one tell me what I have to do now , sinds the kast update and I cant cast my phone with Tv , ????pls answer me and dont ignore
Does what it says on the tin, but needs an option to play audio through the phone rather than casting it to the Chromecast - volume in some devices is poor especially when using in hotels which is why I got mine... I'd love to be able to use my Bluetooth headphones while casting/Netflix
Gets stuck in loop asking to set up device. The Chromecast works fine though.
Often times doesn't show my devices as cards in the devices screen just under the linked devices drop-down which makes it unable to control volume or stop casting... Usually shows them after quitting and restartign the app. Works great otherwise with my home mini, Chromecast, and Chromecast audio.
Can't cast since the last update. Restarted the phone and chromecast.... No success. Even redownloaded the app. No success. Please fix.
Recent version sucks. Can't mirror screen my phone anymore. Can still watch apps that have Chromecast support but that's not what I want!
Very customisable it makes me want to use it more, but I hope it will become a bit more intuitive like Google assistant
Was super useful to find streaming options before, but now it tells me every single show/movie is available for free on the Google play app and no longer searches other streaming sources.
Since last update I can no longer see devices in my home. Makes the app pretty useless.
Can't link my relink my wink hub after I reset it and my other devices when u try to assign a room I keep getting "couldn't update the setting. Check your connection"
So I have tune in radio pro yet I'm reminded to get tune in to link it. The hell? I don't want the add-riddled version just so it'll link. Makes the pro version work too! That also goes for HBO Go, Showtime Anytime and so on and so forth.
Google mini home Does not have full support in Portugal. It's sad..
I searched for it everywhere, but it won't recognise different voices. Aside from that, I love the Google Home!
There seems to be a problem in which whenever I want to open the photo currently showing as Backdrop it would go to Google+ albums instead of Google Photos. Not only that but it only opens a default album that doesn't contain the requested photo.
I have been using this app for over a year and it just keeps getting better! I love the new routines settings...I say "Good Morning" my bedroom, bathroom, and kitchen sink light turn on... And the coffee pot starts! Nice! I can now delete ITTT.
Hello, I just bought 2 chromecast 2 and I have a wifi network sharing with my family, what happens the children use another device and send content to chromecast and that bothers me, there will be an option where only the chromecast is linked to my cell phone.
This is false advertisement. The home mini does not play my playlists or music in my collection or even purchased music that I request. It is basically useless unless you subscribe to their service. Please look forward to my FTC complaint.
I'm using samsung note 8. Everytime mirroring with googlecast, my phone always have to be restart. Then it will be connect. Please fix it
Unable to set the device address. Says "Unable to reach Google at the moment" despite connection being fine.
I have two chromecast devices, and for some reason i am having trouble setting them both up for use with my tablet. My older device works well, but the newer devices is never recognized when i scan for new devices.
Tried to reinstall after it stopped connecting only for it to ask for my email address and then tell me its already registered, d'oh of course it is. But you can't then reinstall Google home this message was in March still no reply from Google in September
Same here. Chromecast stopped working since 2 days ago. Suddenly can't find Chromecast on my android and iPhone. Factory reset 3 times so far and unable to finish the setup when it gets to connecting to Chromecast. So frustrating. Pls fix.
Connection lost all the time. It's a real pain to run this app
Hello, i am using asus zenfone 5 first generation. I cant cast my screen to chromecast. It said "screen casting is not optimized for this device, your experience maybe vary" How to fix it?
This is a review of this app only, not chromecast. Recent "updates" to this app have made it useless beyond the initial chromecast setup (which I haven't tried with the current version). What happened to device info and settings? When I go to devices, all I get is the option to remove the device.
For home control, it's not super easy to control my home. I have to use voice control instead of having some widgets available or home control on the main part of the app. Using voice isn't always ideal 24/7.
Just brought it home but there is no way to use it on a guest network like a hotel or a work camp rendering it completely useless. You find this out after spending 20 minutes signing into a required google account and messing with all the settings. Thanks for making me wast $50 google.
The app itself works ok. The devices, including Google Home, have an enormous effect on our home wifi system to the point I've just had to unplug them. So disappointing.
Update took away my group controls I know have to control each speaker separately give back group control!!
Won't update my device despite following the voiced instructions and the documentation on the website. The device now prompts me to update it after every command (even though I can't).
b"Why every single google app tries to manipulate it's users? Information given is erroneous and misleading. This app is just another google tracker for people who like to be tracked. Yay??"
I can't cast, randomly lose controls when watching movies on Netflix(can't change volume). My neighbour has their account linked to it, I never authorized that.. Fix this thing or I'm just going to toss it in the garbage.
The screen cast is not working. An older version please! Also, When I am casting and the phone screen is sleeping, the app stop working and casting, and I have to start eveything over.
Works well with Google Home Devices and setup os easy, I wish google releases more features for third party google home devices as well , I particularly miss the equalizer settings on my Onkyo Speaker which has Google Assistant built in..
google still havent fixed this causing wifi to crash, i have one googke home device, wont be buying another
Only use it to manage chromecast. Offers nothing more substantial for me.
I have to reconnect my speakers Everytime because the app doesn't recognize them! And they're set up and one wifi, how stupid.
I am petty that I needed to download this because the smartcast app removed the power button. Haven't tried the app yet.
Can't cast my HD chromecast , was able to cast it a few times, but now i cant even cast on my Samsung s8 i also upgraded my normal cc to an hd one
All devices are doing a good job! Would like to see support for MQA music streaming on the Chromecast Audio? Maybe on the next generation ? Higher bitrate also? Making it a true Hi-Res Audio device would be really great!
I am able to see youtube app on tv but unable to cast my phone or tablet om TV. can someone pls help
This is rediculous now. Useless device and app. Stop breaking the app and get it right ffs. Fed up of paying for something I can't even use
Stupid app! Everytime i try to connect it is not working!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Send so many feedback and still no fix on the issue reportrd!!!!!!!!!
This app has improved by leaps and bounds since it first launched. Wish the UX was "tighter" but there's plenty of functionality buried inside it.
Can't cast my android screen. I tried using my android cell phone and tablet. Not able to cast content on tv anymore. Please address this issue urgently.
Don't work well with Chrome cast. If it's frozen Chromecast must unplug to restore his connection with the app. Lot of bugs and cliches. So as the Chromecast
It's an okay app. But come on please fix the glitch for s7 edge. I always restart my phone when I have to use cast from the app. It never connects.
Very glitchy when syncing with multiple Google devices. Many many network errors but fun to try
Horrible app. Never finds my chromecast. I spend an hour just trying to connect to it.
Freaking fix your coding so the wink app syncs with the app again, freaking rendered half the smart appliances in my house useless.
I cannot cast my mobile screen to my tv whenever I go to cast option he said connecting and then nothing happen
Don't know if it's the app or Chromecast but it keeps hanging up and needs factory reset. That makes it useless
Whats going on? I can't cast. The app is saying in connection but refusing to cast. I've uninstalled the app, unlinked the devices, reset the chrome cast ports...nothing...
Worst app It won't connect any time . Required my mobile always restart then only it's mirroring
Cannot get app to sync with chromecast connected to the tv. Should of read the reviews before we bought
Not able to connect to WiFi if the WiFi name includes special characters like @. I think that limitation should be removed
Doesn't work any more unless you give away personal information including location
I just tried to change the accessibility sounds when you start or finish speaking but the latest version of this app seems to have completely removed this option!!!
I dont know what i would do with out this App it has every thing i need,down load it today Elle
What have you done? I now cant see any devices, cant find any when searching and just before that i lost my rooms!!! Fix this!
App used to be OK. Crashes every few minutes since upgrade to android 8.0 on LG V30. Installing as useless junk now...
Too difficult to connect to a Chromecast Audio device. And then the connection is flaky, drops after after just a few minutes.
When I click "Voice match invite others to use your device" crashes Google Home. Please fix
Cant use it on my galaxy s8 cause isnt compatible... really!? And now that galaxy s9 is coming not even think about being compatible at all. You should upgrade your compatible devices cause newer ones are coming out...
The Google Home Shopping list features are poorly designed: Duplicate checked items and checked list keeps increasing indefinitely.
Can we please have a fix to make this app compatible with the new samsung s9. I can't cast the screen or audio using this app.
why there is no option to suspend app recomendations? is like a bad advertising technique?
Can't list smart home devices in the app, they can only be listed through voice control. Useless.
Not able to play songs from Saavn and Gaana even after linking it to my Google home mini.Please fix it.
Would like it if the delay correction exceeded 200ms, media is still out of sync when paired to a bluetooth speaker
There are hiccups from time to time but overall very functional.
didn't work just flashed a house picture and said it was "set up"
Can't get Google Home App to show as downloaded. Google Assistances tells me it's not downloaded also. What to do?
App not working can't cast to my Chromecast wasted money on device
Thought a little confusing at first, not so intuitive, but for what I use it's doing the job.
App keeps crashing. It never opens. I can't do anything with it.
Most of the things available in the US are not available in the UK. I'm returning all of my google home products.
Keeps crashing. Cant see my fevice when its connected
Pathetic UI. Not at all user friendly. How to switch between wifi. It always takes lot of time to connect.
Doesn't work - a message is shown "connecting" then nothing happens
The interface is pretty confusing, it's hard to locate devices and linking and unlinking them are also pretty stressful
Stop working! Im not able to cast anything to my TV anymore! This is extremely poor.
3 star because there is no option found to change audio of dual audio video... If any available than guide me... Thanks
It wont completely install just stays at 100 percent forever
I never know if it will find my device or not. It's constantly disconnecting.
Annoying. No sound after 10 mins have to disconect and reconect each time to keep watching.
Not able to use Chromecast without internet. Should have function to connect with Chromecast with hotspot or wifi without having internet.
Broadlink and all other brands cannot be added in device list. Always show successful added account but nothing in the device list . Totally no support , regretting using Google home now...
Now Google home doesn't work and the unlink and link account doesn't fix it
Whenever I click home control or settings the app doesn't go into it, it's like half the applications on the app doesn't work. Without me going into home control i can't connect my nest products to Google home
Cannot cast screen. I have three Android devices including an Nexus and all of them can not detect my Chromecast. I'm sure my network setting is correct because I can cast from the YouTube app
Need to go back to the drawing board. For the average person this app is way too complicated.
Never worked and then charged me $35 for each item that didn't work because of there set up?!?
Buggy. Always can't find device from Google Home when other apps can cast without problem.
wow just wow. doesnt allow me to select an account and it doesn't recognise my password. cant get past the opening screens
This app is pretty much useless as is the google home, it doesnt find anything from the internet if it isnt in wikipedia or wikihow article, if you try to pair smart devices, you have to have never system than android 6 or you cant pair anything. It does tell the weather, news and distances but nothing else. And as usual from google, there is no instructions and no help in troubleshooting.
This app is amazing. It makes it so easy to centralize streaming and device settings in one place
Disappointed that Google can remove the Chromecast app and provide this useless app.. cannot connect my Chromecast to my TV anymore..RIDICULOUS !!!!
Loses connections to devices often, with the Devices page empty. Nobody at Google tests this, huh?
I have no problems with this app. It works better than I could think
It's easy to use and helpful. I can ask my google home to get recipes, to find my phone and I can ask it questions. The app works well and I've had no problems with it.
SOLUTION: After unlinking Philips Hue, cannot relink lights. Go through relinking process using different browser than the one you always use.
It's not the best. Never gets my Google home mini to connect. Overall a disappointment.
Every time I tap on 'Invite others who use your devices' the app crashes.
Since the update it no longer let's me cast screen!!!! Please sort this issue out!!!
Casting from the notification bar does not work in android 7, it does in 6.0, it does in 7.11 but not in 7.0!
Did not work. Kept getting stuck on Meet you google assistant
Can no longer cast my phone screen.. used to play games and watch movies.. why would I cast Netflix from my phone to tv? Tv has Netflix so does PlayStation.. please fix this
b"The new Android update is causing Google to crash. I'm very sad. ??"
My chromecast stopped working with the new update. WTH
Stop the constant background downloading. Not being able to turn this off is crazy.
With updates only getting worse. Both app and Chromecast. Boogle development as usual.
All of a sudden I can't screen mirror!!
I can't open the app and when I was able to I had to factory reset my device
When the cast screen will be fixed? Issues all the time, annoying
Update: If you are having issues casting to your TV, simply unplug it for a few minutes and try connecting the app again; it worked for me and now I'm casting again!
Often loses connection with Chromecast in such way that there is no way to continue without factory reset.
I love this app for my Google Home Mini (Assistant). It lets me control everything I command for it, personalize commands, and make it do exactly what I want it to do.
Save your money. Buy an Amazon Fire TV instead. Chromecast refuses to work.
Had the app for one reason to cast to my tv and it doesn't even do that without f#@ing issues. Gonna look for alternatives cause this is a waste of time.
Problem with Spotify - can play songs fine, but can't skip songs, move to another party of the song or pause within Spotify app. Can pause in Google Home app, But not skip or move to another part or the track. Using Galaxy Note 8.
The absolute basic functions like setting a timer or asking time work on. Can't connect anything else after following many online help forums.
I use it once and then don't use it after setting up the Chromecast
My mobile is not connecting But it connected for the very first time
Hey Google, shouldn't you have actual release notes with your updates?
This stupid version will only show Chromecast on Youtube. Nothing else ! What's going on!!!!! Was fixed for 2 days only -now the same problem exists again. Is Chromecast worth it?
Google, with forcing us to put our shopping list on EXPRESS, you have pissed me enough to never wanna try express. I want KEEP back!!! Do yourselves a favor and buy Alexa, not Google Home unless you want things forced on you!
It says nothing is available any more and don't know why
Randomly disconnects from my Chromecast while I'm watching stuff
Not casting when it was before. New update screwed!!
Worked great up until I had issues connecting my apps to Google home
It is nice but using this we can cast our phone on TV this is the coolest thing
Hi there, the idea is cool, I like it but im using my mobile data as hotspot, and the app works with wifi only :/ could you solve it?
Worked perfectly with S5 now,doesn't work with my S8!!PLEASE try and sort it out quickly Google!!
b'\xda\x86\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa8\xda\xaf\xd9\x85 \xd8\xaa\xd8\xa7 \xd8\xa8\xd9\x87 \xd8\xad\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84 \xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xb4 \xd8\xa8\xd9\x88\xd8\xaf\xd9\x85 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7 \xda\xaf\xd9\x88\xda\xaf\xd9\x84 \xd9\x88\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa8\xd9\x84 \xd8\xae\xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd8\xa8 \xd8\xb4\xd8\xaf\xd9\x86 \xd8\xad\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xd9\x85 \xda\xaf\xd8\xb1\xd9\x81\xd8\xaa\xd9\x87 \xd8\xb4\xd8\xaf\xd9\x87 \xd8\xaf\xdb\x8c\xda\xaf\xd9\x87. \xd9\x85\xd9\x88\xd9\x81\xd9\x82 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb4\xdb\x8c\xd8\xaf \xd8\xaf\xd8\xb1 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xb1\xd9\x86\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xd9\x87 \xd9\x87\xd8\xa7\xdb\x8c\xd8\xaa\xd8\xa7\xd9\x86.'
Keeps disconnecting. Lags every now and then. Doesn't work as expected.
Ok sometimes but can be erratic on my Galaxy 8
App is good but for every update it needs to resetup. One request to developer that allow us to choose audio over tv or mobile for screen mirroring
It broken act funny cant load up cast
Why are features that have nothing to do with location (routines) not being rolled out for everyone? Competitors have had this for months and it is a big deal.
Add amazon music to our Google speaker thing lol
So glad the app is working again, love it !!
I got blocked too many times.
Hated it it sucks get roku . goggle sucks.get fire stick.get roku. Goggle sucks
b"Stopped working on both my android devices and can't find help anywhere!!! HELP??"
It was working fine but now a new message came and it says this devise is not optimizes for casting!!! So I cant cast.
Work for about 2 weeks can't connect visit code Google Chromecast setup about a million times the app stinks please nobody even bothered to download this app
Philips hue no longer working since forced update. Come on Google!
You should give us the option to stream the video to the TV and audio to a blue tooth device so that we can use surround sound speakers and headphones if we need to be quiet or can't hear.
Extremely Worst App. Not at all friendly. Annoying app
Please add the command "turn off TV in xx minutes"
it should be updated for galaxy S9 already, not good
Configuration disappears easily and doesn't keep data. Always have to configure again entire application
Worked for a few days with my TV now mysteriously says casting ended before it even casts.
b'Phone does not find the goofy thing at all??'
It's a good idea to made this app but can I ask a question? Why my phone can't connect on tv using chromecast
Casting is not yet supported for Oneplus devices
When casting on one device it now buffers because it is connecting between the many other devices I have on the Wi-Fi network.
At the moment this app does not bring me any joy. No matter what I do, I can't cast ffom any device. Fix this soon Google.
Doesnt have any of the features seen in the snapshots. I cant tell what apps i can cast. Doesnt have the feature to browse shows/ movies through the app.
This app is awesome. It's intuitive, helpful, and easy to navigate through. It allows you customize your Google assistant and Google Home device to the teeth.
There was a problem connecting to chromecast. Totally useless
These creeps disabled screen mirroring
Casting screen does not work anymore.
Can't use it won't cast...it use to but now it's useless
The add device button doesn't work
They disabled the night mode ability and didn't update the help page online. Thanks.
Its a good app but needs an update for the note 8, i can use it, just because i have a note 5, but for the new phones is not working!
Has improved, but still needs work.
Would be great to have the locations of the photos on the screen when Chromecast is cycling through stock photos! Other than that, fantastically useful app and ecosystem
Spotify cannot be set as default music provider anymore. Please fix.
Keeps losing voice constantly having to reboot only made it through 8min of a movie tonight
They keep announcing new functions but don't push out the updated software. Probably do in the states, but most people don't live there.
I personally think that this thing is amazing and all i cqn say is that to me there isn't much more to fix
Since new update app crashes on start
That app not work on samsung s7
does not work samsung galaxy c7
How come when I search for phone call settings so I can use my own number can't I find it?
Unable to cast my Galaxy note 8
What the hell google i cant even watch Netflix on my Chromecast fix it or stop making it i don't know what you are smoking on but stop it and fix it
Looses the home device, even tho phone and device are both on the network.
Installed this app on my tablet but does recognise my smart TV . it keeps saying no devices found.
Constant connection error when trying to add stuff, worked fine until recently, now can't use...
It needs wifi to operate, without a router you cannot use this Chromecast, it needs an update which doesn't require wifi as default Settings.
Constantly have to restart my phone to show devices. What is going on with this?
Nice and convenient but my backdrop isn't staying the same even though everything else is disabled, I tried everything but it isn't staying the same. Please fix this.
Last version is unstable and keeps closing automatically.
Would give more star's if it would allow me to invite other members of the family to use Google home mini
Been glitchy and hard for some to setup .
Earlier it was good app but after last update google photos don't displaying albums name which was very bad change
Works great however there are some issues for starters you can only remove your own device there is no way of removing a former flat mates from the list of users also you can't prevent every person that joins your WiFi from becoming a registered user on your mini this is a problem when family come around use your WiFi and mini then go home and play there own music as it comes out on your home the app needs better user management and a way of defining devices on your home network and a friend's network and some tick boxes to prevent new users joining and a way of defining what is your current home network WiFi If you decide to run a beta on this I'd love to get more involved I also think hey Google broadcast **** could be a great feature if you allowed third party use of the feature I think a tick box that says only use this device if your on the same WiFi as it would be great idea that way I wouldn't be playing my music at my brother in law's house unless I'm actually there I also.understand a new update is inbound hopefully some of these will be addressed also needs sub commands within shortcuts so you can add stuff to sentancing like (slow)(pause)(giggle)(loud)(quiet) slight intelligence boost too UK phone calls don't work yet so when I say call my wife it should know I'm talking to the pixel and not it as the pixel can call my wife the home cant
CAST SCREEN AND AUDIO IS NO LONGER WORKING AFTER THE UPDATE
b'I hate it because all I can do is see songs!!!\xe2\x98\xb9??????????'
Can't access many of the menu settings and no tech support other than reinstall and see if that fixes. It doesn't.
Devices keep disappearing randomly!
Not working on my one plus 5. Linking with my Gmail account itself taking hell lot of time
How do I pair the mini with my phone to play music?
EASY to use. Very helpful to u se when changing and customizing settings and preferences on Google home! Nice work guys!
Wish there was way to change active speakers while playing music...
Terrible experience... Every day.
.add amazon prime video too
Requires internet ... Should work with local network connectivity ...Just want to cast from phone while land line is out ... USELESS!! ...
Usual google trash. Sad!
Not connecting at all,on android or my surfacepro using chrome. Such a headache when you need something to work it doesn't.restart still the same problem.
Why does it need the GPS to be on for chrome this to work. There are times when this works flawlessly and there are times where it doesn't work at all.
Did not work with Amazon Prime
Will not work with my nook
Google assistance not working on ZUK Z2. Home mini disabled in automatic the assistance.
Roku tv wont link to wifi netflix youtube or roku not even my Google mini
It is not fluid, doesn't let plenty of apps work, and if you remove a device from home it is way to complacated to since back your stuff, this needs work.
I could not connect moto g5 plus phone through this application. Please help me in solving the issue.
I love it. I'm never paying for cable again! So easy my five year old can operate it!
Love my new Chromecast. Much easier on the eyes than the mobile screen of my smartphone. This app works very well.
Works so well it makes me want to buy more smart home Devices just so I can use it more.
Very good app needed set up various Google home devices. Make your adjustments to these devices etc.
I've been experiencing spontaneous disconnect issues when casting from my pixel Android phone.
Waiting for calls on speakers in Mexico.
Why it always takes seversl trys to summon this app up and working?
I have google home mini in every room. I would like to broadcast to certain rooms, instead of all rooms
New update think i have 2 Chromecast . Had to reset rputer coz Chromecast couldbt connect
Still not had the update so I can't list my number for Google home calling
Doesn't work on moto xoom
When used as a simple Bluetooth speaker, it will disconnect if your phone updates any application. Any application.
I hate it doesn't work
Very useful ecosystem. Good layout and happy with the direction.
b"My screencaster won't work??????"
None of my 4 Chromecast show.
Reconnect me error . No use of buying this stupid google chrome cast
I have COMPLETELY replaced my home cable company with Chromecast devices and Home Assistants. Perfect setup.
Great app keep up the good work
Unlink then relink does not work correctly now. Needs to be fixed now!
Just simple easy and connects really well sometime glitches out though
It's not connecting to Chromecast and does not support Amazon prime
App sometimes works, sometimes doesn't even when all updates have been applied.
It's the best thing I've ever had
Constantly having restart to get casting available on media apps
my chromecast can't be used to connect to my android phone anymore. what the heck is going on
I am trying to get Chromecast icon on Chrome browser which I got on my laptop
Its so smart so its so bad
Awesome but please my play music don't work with my Google home mini my current location is in thailand
Does not recognize Chromecast
Android 8.0 will not cast my screen
Can't mirror anything using s8 plus
Can't stay connected.
Please add the ability to play the audio thru the Bluetooth in stead the chrome cast (tv speackers)
Doesn't work! :D
Can't seem to find my Wi-Fi connection to connect to Chromecast
It is a very bad app
I be having ALOT of issues
When I use it I'll let you know thanks
Hi I'm watching Back garden TV how long it will take
Add where you can add a proxy setting into the network for the chromecast
Still a few kinks, but I love my chromecast!
Worked. Now it doesnt. Tried resetting it. Just getting no devices message
cannot screen mirroring,"cannot optimezed for casting",hopefully can fix for oneplus 5T.
So thankful having the app. We thank you for this.
Very good App for who have just a dumb TV
I like it but was hoping I could send messages and control my TV but all else I love!
Amazimg and i hope.it will help me with my prob
To Google Rep, thank you for the reply.
It keeps getting better and better
Vast improvement with update. Upgraded to 3 stars
Can't locate my Chromecast after update
I need it on my labtop..not my phone .this sucks
App not working in Oreo update of Samsung.
Getting trouble to connect.
It should have option to add other apps too
Keeps pausing for no reason, it's getting annoying.
I can't cast from my Samsung device
To Developers: Great app for Google Home just add support of Amazon Music.
b'Needs to be able to change play speed when casting. Works on youtube normally but when casting you lose this feature. Would be nice ??'
Great app sometimes buggy with issues unrelated to my internet
Why i cannot open my android apps to chromecast?
How to connect the Chromecast device to new wifi connection
It's recording all the time. Played back my conversation with it.
Can't find any make a call settings anymore???
Spanish is not supported?
it's not connecting to my you tube red account
when i turn on the bluetouth wile i'm using it i loose the wifi!!
Can't sign in to connect to my device. No accounts listed.
I have uninstall and reinstall every time I use it
Fantastic product but needs better integration within the Google universe of apps and services.
It's great to share when I visit family pic cartoons for the grand baby's sweet.
Mx player might be part of this. PlZ add Mx player too
Very easy to use, nice product.
Why cant i cast my screen on this device
Cannot group my home devices
Not linking up with toshiba tv now
Not working for my Samsung s8+
Not casting my device to tv at all
So, what is the use of this device if I can't cast?
Dopo l'aggiornamento non trasmette pi Netflix
Won't let me screen cast
Poor app not for Iphone.not finding my wifi
fails to connect to chromecast
Now I can't cast Amazon prime
Its something unexspected but very genuis such a great ideal thanks GOOGLE
A beses se frisa
Can't even open app on Acer tablet.
Won't let me download and open it
Cant enter more settings anymore.
Does not works with S9+
I cant connect to my TV
I simply love the application and the new routine features that have been added.
Chromecast never connects it works one week and then stops for another it's b.s
Stop screwing the Chromecast up!
Nice to have so can hear my music n see MOVIE'S
Won't let me screen cast
HAVE. USED GOOGLE PLUS FOR QUITE SOME TIME, NOTHING. BUT EXCELLENCE.
Why didn't I buy chromecast earlier?
very un-informative update description! I love screen cast
It's very useful and is able to do many cool things.
I can't mirror my phone screen.
Keeps crashing on andriod
Waiting for update on t hisso I can use Bluetooth to connect to speakers
Good app with chromcast.love it.
why not working in nokia 8?
Controls just what it says!
Doesn't connect any device
i can't cast anymore .. whts going on
New update to complicated
So many problems
Keep it going with my phone works both ways to use the good.
Dumb need directions
Worst Google app
Great for everything!
All good but started to disconnect. 1.20.9. Used to work just fine earlier.
I enjoy joking around with the assistant!
Wonderful device, turns my simple LED TV into smart TV
Complicated to navigate.
Works 99% of the time
I will definitely inform you once I have tried it out
Very useful and extremely easy to use. Well done!!!
It great help me out with my google duo!
GARABE !!!
Chromecast support of the 'random' / 'shuffle' option for YouTube playlist would be great.
It is the best app and I always use it 9/10
Very specific!
Doesn't work
Helpful when it works. Mostly consist of app recommendations, tips & bloat.
TomAltermantom@Gmail Co.uk
Not compatable with j7
I love it it is so smart Google is awesome great product
GOOGLE HOME APP
Write a short review
Not connecting anymore
This app sucks
Home Google home
This is a really app
Thought it would have more stuff you can use..
Love it very easy
b'Bhai thik -thak hai????'
Im very happy with it and I will give 4strs.
Love the app as much as I love Google and the Google home !!
Excellent app! Almost perfect Well done guys!
A great way to customize settings, routines, and shortcuts.
b'Never works ??????'
MAKE CHROMECAST PRIVATE!!!!!!! PEOPLE ARE ACCESSING MY CHROMECAST WITHOUT MY PERMISSION!!! FIX OR I WILL STOP USING!!!
I love it but I can't cast spectrum tv why?
Useful for Google home (Mini), easy to use
Simple straightforward app for the device easy peasy and it works
I like it.
I hate this!!!
Here's a start?
Just love it, mini keeps me company.
Works great!
It's Google.
Great app and and I stay where I'm come at... Google.
Loving it again
It sucks.
I love this device and app is good!
Won't work with smart devices on the house
Good. I am Happy on the quality of Casting.
Loving my Google home experience.
Great!
I like it
I like it
Best assistant out there!
Very easy to setup in play videos
AMAZING THANK YOUUUUUUU MY IDOL
Starting to get too buggy to be useful
Its an awesome waybof watch videos
Good for my new google home
Good enough for the girls I date
Not working
Need imporovment
Not working
Itsssss AWWWSSOOMEE
Get an Echo
S aijaz
It's entertaining and worth having.
this app sucks
Good to reconnect your Chromecast to your TV
Chromecast is an amazing piece of kit.
doesn't work.trying to do set up..
Crashy crashy
Stop working
Completely hopeless
Garbage app
Faulty app
Love it!! Watch anything on my TV
Yeah
I LOVE GOOGLE HOME
Very good app by google
It is really a good help
Awesome app for my chromecast
One of good android apps
Good really it is a master pice
Great help and so easy :)
Best app
Underwhelming
b'Awesome ??'
Too good for usages.
That's a nice app
Love it so far.
Need the smartphone capable..
The best app,
Life changing!
I Love this App
Its cool app
Very good app
Fantastic and nice
Great!! Love it!
b'\xd9\x85\xd8\xad\xd9\x85\xd8\xaf\xd8\xb2\xd9\x86\xda\xaf\xd9\x86\xd9\x87'
Vadiya
Why
Thanks
Meh
Thanks
Home
Ok
OK
ASOWME
Osm
Like
It's awesome
It's nice.
Great app.
Good app.
Ok!
A*
Seemless...
Bad..
Great!
Love it!
Awful
Lots of love
Awesome help
Absolutely amazing
Great app
Kool app
I love it
GOOD GRACIAS
Its awesome
Excellent application
Great app
Superb apk
Love the app
Love it
Awesome
Great
Good
Trash
Unreliable
b'I love it ????\xe2\x9d\xa4??????'
Great
Love it
Fabulous
Cool
Liked it
GOOD
Amazing
Great
b'????????'
Love it....
Great
Nice
Helpful
Kool
Good
Helpful
Helpful
Good
Love it
Nice
Awesome
Love it
Nice
Good
Good
Love it
Cool
Love it
good
It works, but is not most user friendly app from Google. Their support is one to be matched yet, very helpful. From suggestions. It would be great if room assignment for smart speakers would mean default room to control. So when you say "turn on lights" in living room it would turn on living room lights only and not in whole house. Otherwise assigning speaker to a room makes no sense.
Its almost awesome, not enough support for more obscure IOT devices., And even more common ones like the canary security system. I dont like how clunky the speaker linking system is, i wish i could just play the same music throughout my home with this app, but it absolutely refuses to allow it. DRM sucks.
THIS thing is my buddy. In connection with ifttt, my Google home is in beast mode. I keep feeding me new tricks and tips.
Doesn't work well with my chrome cast. Very unstable since last update...
Latest update - No one asked for "a new look". People are asking for routines. Still no routines :(
Update disabled features. Great just when i could cast my screen the is an update that brakes it. I cast the screen on my phone and it's like the button has no click listener registered.
Need Always on future. Like Samsung mobile
Did not work
OTS squad 9 hunna
Very helpful
Dope
Cool
Good
Every single time it's the same. It works fine then you update the app and it plays up. The latest problems is that every time I want to watch something I have to reboot the Chromecast device, then set it up. It won't connect so I then have to reboot the device again, go through the set up again and it'll connect. Then the next day I want to watch something, and I have to repeat this process. It worked fine until the latest update. Please just leave things alone. If it ain't broke, don't fix it!
I am all Google. I have android phone, tablet, gmail, calendar, docs, etc. I actually got an Alexa first but her knowledge can be spotty. Other than that, love her. I got a Google Home for free and I was so excited. Finally I am able to use Google search engine for info. It won't stay connected to my wifi and all of the instruction s on Google's site does not work in my app. The instructions are for a different version? I have a Galaxy s7. The Home app is up to date yet no instructions for how to fix my wifi issues with the app that I have. Good thing I have Alexa.
Useful but I find many things that can't work yet. I'd like to have Google Translate and Google Maps be able to work with the home devices. Another thing I noticed is Google can't properly edit Google Calendar through the home devices. These are all things that are commonly used. I love the help of step by step recipes but even more I love how she sings to the baby when I need her to. Not to mention the great altering of some of the most morbidly traditional nursery songs...good job!
I bought a Google home mini for Christmas and it worked fine. Unfortunately, my tp-link light switches and harmony remote kept getting disconnected from my wifi. I unplugged the Google home and this stopped happening. I recommend googling Google home and Wi-Fi to discover more about this issue. A fix is allegedly in the works and was supposed to be released today, but saw nothing as of yet.
Used to work fine. It now instantly disconnects when trying to mirror screen. YouTube casting still works fine. I've uninstalled, factory reset, and made sure microphone permissions are granted - all with no success. I guess Google cares more about Pixel phones now and screws everyone else over.
We cannot cast downloaded music from google music player. Always refer to red to subscribe. No mutiple select of music app at a time, either x app or by y app why cant it be x ,y app? Can Not play video on mobile devices always search for chromecast. Most of the time, it cant help with anything other than news, weather,alarm. No support for other languages other then english. Mobile phone can be used better then mini or home.
Bought a Google Home for the primary reason to listen to my music - I have nearly 1,400 albums uploaded to Play Music. "Okay Google" tells me it can't stream them without a subscription. I don't want to rent, I buy my music! I complained and was told I can use it as a Bluetooth speaker as a workaround. If I wanted that I'd have bought JBL, Samsung or a Sony Bluetooth speaker. Terrible.
For crying out loud, I've got 2 screaming kids wanting to watch something via chromecast but your stupid update has rendered my chromecast inoperable. Can't connect to it anymore? Please release update as soon as possible or clearly explain how to fix this via your deep deep omnipresent settings!
You have to have location on to set up a new device which is annoying for someone who keeps GPS off. I wasn't able to put in my work location since my work doesn't really have an address it could find, I feel that part should use a map to find the location instead of a text bar for inputting an address. Would be nice to set up netflix to use different profiles too.
One of the options I was looking forward to most was adding items to my shopping list through my Google home mini. Huge disappoint that cannot continue to use Keep lists. Lists within home are cumbersome and it is difficult and time consuming to edit a list. Please use Keep to build lists, then integrate Google's desire to sell items on the list through Keep app. The decision to block users from using Keep was short-sighted.
Only issue is everynow and then it stops recognizing my devices and I have to reboot it and start all over, also the security features don't work on my shared network so the other people on the WiFi see that I'm casting and can pause or stop it... Kinda a giant pain in the ass... But when it works.. It's. Fine
Demands Location access to progress. Can not add devices without location Permissions granted and location service enabled. Unacceptable. When location granted, unable to add new devices. Had to make an Xposed module and setup my Chromecast on a rooted/xposed device because of this 1st year amateur coding skills. Should be 2 stars, but when setup it does work.
Chromecast acts up almost every day. I am constantly having to do factory resets and struggling to get it to connect to my wifi and devices. Its awesome when it works, but as of right now it's not worth the aggravation. Tired of fighting with it. It's 2018. I should not be struggling just to connect something to the internet, much less something from Google.
Both my tv and audio Chromecast are having constant disconnection issues. It's really annoying and reading the other reviews I can see it's not just me. Used to work seamlessly. Please fix, unless you now only care about Google home devices?!
Same wifi network, unable to connect multiple devices or link multiple accounts. None on the online tutorials help as things have changed, blue 'links' don't do anything. I'd return the Google home to the store, but it was a free-be with a phone. More useful as a dog toy
This app, believe it or not actually works, has no lag, does not freeze and discovers all devices. Too many Alexa lovers in this world. They're just jealous that this assistant understands natural speech. I have not used the app with Chromecast, but I can assure you it works with Google home. And I don't even have a flagship phone.
Why do yall do this?! Yall took a perfectly good product and crapped on it with this update. Intrusive permissions like having location always on WHY?!?! Almost impossible to connect! When I finally connect it's ok until it comes time for me to have to reconnect. Then I have to reset and redo everything which is an extremely difficult task! You guys have driven me to insanity with this bullcrap! I'm buying a Roku!
It won't do many tasks because it won't recognize my voice. To fix this, it suggests retraining the voice match on my phone. This fails because of problems with the microphone, which are caused because the app doesn't request permission to access the microphone, so I have no way to grant it permission.
UPDATE: 1/8/18 I saw a note on a forum that said that it may be an issue with the nickname or room label following the update. This caused it to not work well with WeMo and other Home control devices. I tried changing the nickname and room label and then changed it back to what I like and it seems to be working better. We'll see what happens 12/26/17... What's the point of google home if it doesn't connect to your home...WeMo device users beware... many complaints... no fix. Wemi app working fine.... Google home no longer working to control wemo devices
Love everything about this app, EXCEPT how grocery lists are handled. It used to be that adding items to my list added them to my Google keep grocery list. Perfect for sharing with my wife. The new online function is worthless. It splits lists between me and my wife, so we can't both access lists. Please, please, please go back to using Google keep!
My chrome cast use to work flawlessly...not anymore though. It constantly tells me no device found. How many times do I have you do a factory reset just to disconnect me again?! No longer useful which is sad. Guess I'll try something else.
I love this! My only complaint is that I wish I could set a different prompt for Google Home Mini versus the one on my phone. That ways, my phone can differentiate when I'm using it or not. (Ex: I keep using ok Google to make phone calls. So when I'm at home the mini will automatically dial instead of my cell)
Got an Alexa for Christmas but I'm so deep into Google products that I swopped it for assistant. Mistake! Doesn't do phone calls, texts or calendar entries. Doesn't open apps or radio stations. Doesn't play My Music library which ironically is stored with Google drive! It's a bit of fun, I suppose, (she says good night and good morning to me) but an expensive one! Am genuinely considering switching back to Alexa despite the hassle of the changeover.
It was working fine till last night. it has stopped working from today morning. Looks like it's leaving the Wi-Fi. I am using chrome cast for more then 1 year this is the first time facing the issue. I thought it's an issue with Wi-Fi or internet however able to use internet on tv without any issues.
Google Home mini does less than what a Bluetooth speaker can do. It can't make calls. It refuses to play music without paying a hefty monthly subscription and it gets a lot of questions wrong. It's a totally pointless device. A novelty toy.
When it works, it works good. When it doesn't work, it's very frustrating. The TV freezes in the middle of shows and then none of the buttons work on the app. That is, if all of my functionality buttons haven't closed or disappeared already, causing me to re-open the apps. ie: Netflux
Won't play music from my library, plays awful Google radio stations instead. Will set alarms but then they don't go off. I have 2 Google home speakers and a Chromecast and I find the whole system useless. What a waste.
b"I'm really close to going the Amazon route. This has been a very frustrating experience. Even more so since I recommended it to my parents, who now ask me every time they have an issue with it, if I can fix it. ????"
Horrible! Can't use any settings or personalize the Google home in any way. I click on all the buttons in the app and they're doing absolutely nothing. Can't even set up my music provider or voice personalization. VERY frustrating. Using on an S8+
It used to work great, now I can't rely on it. Doesn't recognize my Chromecast, though Netflix and other casting apps do. 3/31/17 Update January 2018- my Chromecast worked periodically after April 2017. It is not connecting to WiFi again and I haven't used it for months. Other reviews mention rebooting router and Chromecast and that only works short term. WiFi connection issues are reoccurring.
So now that I know that it's my Google homes ruining my wifi, and since I spent $140 for optimum to come check my wiring when all along it was the homes I'm starting to lose faith in Google like I did Samsung. I gave up all my Samsung devices and now have all Google to deal with this! My only question, when is the update happening to fix this problem that's all over the news?
Why do I need to use ifttt to get custom commands? This should be built in. Also the home only recognizes my custom command once every 4 tries these days. Very frustrating.
Had to do two factory resets today because it wasn't showing up. The first one was a complete failure. Second one, it started working fine until I had to leave to run errands. I come back home to be met with my device not showing up- AGAIN. It ALWAYS disconnects. Anytime I want to use it, my device doesn't appear on my app and I have to do a reset each time. Ive sent feedback over and over and asked to be contacted and still nothing.
Works ok but can't train it to recognise my voice to get personal results or make phone calls. Gives error "Having trouble with the microphone. Try again in a few seconds" that goes in forever. Tried on 3 different devices.
So far it's ok. I would like more options in the app. Like to automatically play music(from MY music on my SD card) after its reads off "My Day" info. And I have yet to get it to play ANY of my playlists with music from My phone. It will only play playlists made by Google Play Music or whatever other music app you set.
Why is there no way for Android phones to have context-aware volume buttons? I think it's absolutely ridiculous that if I want to change the volume on my Google Home, I have to open the app, find the device, click on it, then change the volume (the circular slider is awful, by the way). I've even experienced the above scenario not working. I controlled the music through Spotify and connected that way. I also controlled it with my laptop at one point. After a while, I was no longer able to control the volume through Spotify or the Home app. This means the only way to change the volume would be to use voice commands or get up and change it manually. I think that volume buttons should be able to control whatever connected device is currently playing media from my phone.
When it works it works good. Seems to not recognize ANY devices from time to time for absolutely no reason. Sometimes resetting EVERYTHING doesn't even help. Happens at least several times per week. If this was a better product it would also work on non-Google devices...
Would like to be able to link other calendars, order an Uber from Canada, process Android pay payments in Canada, chain commands in shortcuts, set the weather provider, and send an SMS to multiple contacts. Then it'll be a five star app. After using the product some more I've become a little disappointed in the lack of features compared to Alexa. Also it keeps knocking out my WiFi network.
Good at many things, shockingly bad shopping list management. Makes it very easy to set up and manage Google Home and mini devices. Should be 5 stars, but hey Google? What in the world happened to the shopping list? Cannot fully manage lists without manually using this app on my phone? Minus one star until you fix that, come on! Otherwise why be in the voice-controlled device arena?
The only thing missing for me is proper linked account support. I have 3 different Gmail accounts between personal and work, each with their own calendars. I want the "My day" report to summarize the appointments and reminders across all of them.
Downloaded Google Home to access a shared Home Mini, but can never add a second account due to perpetual "trouble connecting". Online help to "Click the blue banner" is patently unhelpful - did that, still not working.
It no longer connects to my chrome cast ultra and has trouble connecting to my mini home. Restarted both device several times and does not work. Use to work until today. Disappointed Google.
I have a 32-inch that has been able to Chromecast previously, but is currently experiencing repeated crashes. I'm unable to determine why the crashes are happening, and unable to update Chromecast. Additionally, and why I'm rating it a 2, I'm not able to obtain any support. Should Chromecast decide to provide an update, or some way to test why it's repeatedly crashing, I may adjust this review
Difficult to set up, but all is well now. Some rooms for improvement: can you add an option that She does not repeat back her actions (eg, "ok, turning off the living room lamp")... Can't she just do it? Also, please make it so we can customize the trigger word and not always Ok, Google... My friend told him he chose an Echo because he didn't want to have to say Google every time.
I love this App it's Simple right to the point. Some apps are really complicated but Google Home is Ez as 123. This Amazing App is far way better then other Apps. Thanks Google Keep the Good Apps Rolling In. #HAPPYGOOGLECUSTOMER #1GOOGLEHOME
Please stop fixing things that are not broken. Please stop random updating. Ask first. Make me aware of what's inside. Please fix things that are glitchy, have been glitchy for years. Now I cannot reboot the device from the home app android ui. 3 year user. Older version please. And quit goofing around with ios compatibility .
I've had Chromecast for over two years, and with minor problems it's worked.With the latest update it barely works at all. Like zero of the time for the last month or so. I have to go through a 10 minute rebooting process of checking my internet, disconnecting, restarting my phone, any time I want to cast to the TV. It's a huge inconvenience. Do you guys even test the updates? It's very hit or miss most of the time. Such a shame too because I really enjoyed my Chromecast.
I've had it for 2 days. Worked great then all of a sudden the cards for my Google homes stopped showing up under devices. They appear as links only so I can't change their settings. Support suggestions don't work either.
this app is nerfed into oblivion. why do they have to make u take fifteen steps just to screen cast? the entire point of this app is just that. place the button in the main menu, dunces! also the app used to connect to devices much faster before.
Please make Chromecast PRIVATE! Or at least have the option to not have anyone on the same network able to know what you are watching! Also you should make an app for performing the task of unplugging and plugging back in the chromecast as much as you have to do it.
I disagree with several choices the Google Home team has made that I feel have made the product worse but it's still a solid, if overly complicated, option for smart home services. The Google Assistant really is unmatched as far as voice assistants go so I'm willing to give back on some other usability for that....FOR NOW.
Casting photos or videos from Google Photos still broken. Either not working at all or the quality is so bad, it's hardly acceptable (because it not streaming from the servers, but from your phone). Major disappointment, to the extent that I'm considering selling Chromecast.
Can no longer connect my netflix to Chromecast as i get an error and also wont play an entire episode or anything else from other apps straight through...always buffers. Getting fed up with it! My internet connection is fine.
Constantly having to turn google home off/on again to reset it. Doesn't work with my Android TV either which is really irritating. Having the Home use Google search engine is great and 99.9% of the time gives you the info you're looking for. It's great for controlling lights, heating etc (if you have the appropriate hardware). Really annoying that I can't use deezer yet but once all these little bugs are sorted out then it will be a great system
Can't train voice match through Home app. Have to use the Google app (two different apps!!) instead and this causes it not to work with Google home and adding calendar events by my voice. Reported this to devs multiple times with no resolution.
This is an updated review since the last 1 star review I left and they still have not fixed the problem. The "more setting" menu can not be accessed in the app. Without the app properly functioning the device is another piece of junk. I can only use it to find out the weather and the time. My phone can tell me both faster.
Can't cast Hulu to my Chromecast as my Chromecast can't be found, usually. On the miraculous occasion that it did find it (exactly once), it disappeared from my devices and I can't cast again. I'm tired of spending hours trying to figure out how to get my Chromecast into my devices and the only info I can find says I must use this app. Simply select cast from device, find your Chromecast and enter the joy of watching anything you want. What a joke!!! I shouldn't have to restart my Chromecast every time I want to use it!
Very dysfunctional UI. Impossible to simply remove devices that are misbehaving. Linking devices doesn't work 70% of the time. Initial setup usually fails for new devices until about the third or fourth try. I know AP sharing is supposed to be turned on but does UPnP need to be on too? This app is no where near as useful as the hardware it's supposed to manage.
When are we going to be able to mirror or phone to tv from the Note 8? The phone has been out for a little while now. My wife's iPhone still works, this is rediculous. I'm about to get rid of the Chromecast, Android, Google, The Note, everything!
I've had the Chromecast for under a year, was working fine until recently when it won't connect to my Wi-Fi and the option to reconnect has gone. Keeps asking if I want to reboot, then when I click yes it does nothing.
I've been using chrome cast for the past year in my Samsung tablet and you guy did in update now I'm not able to cast plz fix it now. Also as I read other reviews I'm not the only one with this problem plz do something ASAP.
Always used Chromecast for watching films on an Xperia Z2 and it's worked a charm. I've now upgraded to a one plus 5 and every 10 minutes or so it drops connection. When you try to reconnect it won't find and devices. Still works on the old Z2. Maybe a conflict error with the newer phone?
Honestly was easier to use a HDMI. Sure setting up a phone was easy but good luck setting up anything else like a laptop. Constant WiFi disconnections and problems even finding the damn thing. Forget setting up more than one laptop: not happening! Next review will be about Roku or Apple TV!
This "automatic-to-maximum volume" thing that happens when you initially turn on your Chromecast is simply out of control. Crom! Please fix this simple thing that has become an ear-slaying annoyance from hell. Please. Love Chromecast though, otherwise.. Thanks.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GOOGLE... I HAVE SO MANY SPARE BLUETOOTH SPEAKERS KNOCKING ABOUT. WHY CAN'T I PAIR THESE TO MY GOOGLE HOMES? MANY DON'T HAVE AUX IN CONNECTIONS MEANING I CAN'T USE A CHROMECAST AUDIO. SO CLOSE TO JUMPING TO AMAZON ECHO SIMPLY BECAUSE THEY SUPPORT THIS FEATURE. SORT IT YOU TAX-SHIRKING EVIL-DOING GIMPS!
I subscribe to Play Music in Hong Kong. The Home speaker used to work fine with this, but, from a few days ago, I get a message that says "Play Music isn't available in your location". Which makes the whole thing quite useless. Guess it's back to UE Boom and Spotify.
Uter uter rubbish, my God. The size of Google and they put out this tripe. An Internet based company that can't connect to my home network connection, automatically or manually. What hope have we got!!
When it works it works great. Some days I can cast for hours with no issues. Some days it's not worth the effort, it disconnects, doesn't recognize the device, or just loads to 99% and freezes. Rebooting or reinstalling never helps. I'm pretty underwhelmed. I'd have thought Google could do better. UPDATE: All is well. I reset my Chromecast (apparently it comes from the factory in "crazy mode". Everything works great now.
Garbage. Can't wait until Apple comes out with their Homepod speaker. Instead of Google worrying about iPhones and other smartphone and tablet devices that use this app they should concentrate on working and improving without flaws on their garbage ass Google Home devices and apps.
Recently I've had issue while streaming. I constantly get disconnected and cannot control my music volume. When I do reconnect, it doesn't recognize my speakers. Have to reboot system and phones for it to work for a bit.
the most hit or miss system I've ever used. I've spent a decent amount of money outfitting my home in Google product only to have to sit down at least three times a week to rest and reconnect everything. Rarely works the way it's supposed to, the app is a total mess; too many settings and they're not arranged in a user friendly way. and would it be too much to ask that, for example, when you say "hey google, how do I set up calling?" GOOGLE HOME KNOWS ITS OWN SETUP?? it started reading me results from the web about Alexa. seriously. what a joke.
Originally gave Chromecast a 3 as it was buggy. Google Home gets a 1 as it is just junk now. They wrecked a good thing and my five dongles are going on Craigslist. You Tube casts, not YouTubeTV. Smart. Can't even cast entire device anymore without factory reset of Chromecast and it pairs for a bit then done. Absolutely a P.O.S.
I love Google home but jesus I cannot believe you have to allow full browser & location history to use it, it's so creepy how you can't disable it to use the app or Google home. I ended up installing it on a crappy old ipad that I never take anywhere just so Google can't track my every move.. would get 5* if could disable this.
I can play one thing at a time before having to reboot my Chromecast because the app can't detect it. My 8 year old son has roku and I'm jealous. 2 years ago my Chromecast worked flawlessly, now it's a headache.
Used this to reassign a new Wi-Fi router. It connected all 3 of my Chromecast just fine. Worked once then refuse to connect again. The settings tab disappeared from the app as well so I can't even put the settings back to the way it was. This app ruined my Chromecast devices. I can't use them anymore, even though I rebooted my phone, uninstalled and reinstalled this app multiple times. Just horrible!
Completely sporadic list of devices. I should be able to see 4 speakers and one TV all Chromecast enabled. Most days I only see one or two of these then they randomly reappear only for the others that were visible to disappear in turn. Completely inconsistent and not reliable. They have until recently always worked fine together. Really regretting going all in with Google. Really poor.
Integration with Logitech Harmony is horrid compared to Amazon Echo. Commands are missed, or become muddled. Commands like "turn on the tv" only work with chromecast. I tried creating shortcuts, but they won't work. Harmony shortcuts are only available during initial link. Once the link is done, Harmony completely disapears from Home app. If you want to modify, must delete and reinstall. Frequently have to repeat the in initial "ok google" to input a command. I was so excited to compare google home and alexa, but the primary use case for me is home entertainment control and in that, google home is woefully inept.
It's ok for a very early iteration, but I was expecting more from a mass product. Only voice interface is not a good solution in my opinion, and it doesn't follow the model from Google Assistant on which you have also a command interface, and this lack of consistency doesn't look good into the future
I like the idea but having trouble getting it to connect to my home wifi. Is there a secret I haven't learned with this set up? I've downloaded this app. Is there another app I'm supposed to download for it to connect with home wifi? ARG!!!
There seems to be an issue with routers where it overloads it and won't cast. Works great one day and then stops the next, usually I reset my router and its fine, but hasn't worked for 3 days now
Every time I try to cast audio from my Android phone through this app it will just disconnect even though it finds my Google home device. Basically anytime I want to use this feature I have to reboot my phone in order for it to work. Not practical at all.
When I go to set up the voice recognition, it says "wait" and doesn't go anywhere. I have high speed internet connection, and have tried absolutely everything to get it to work, but it just won't. Very disappointed, as I returned Alexa and decided to go with Google Home...
It worked fine for many months. Now it is not working properly anymore. Most of the times, Chromecast cannot be found by the app. It takes many attempts until Google home and other apps are able to cast via Chromecast. Chromecast is connected to WiFi and is ready for streaming, though.
This app is perfect for casting videos to your home and simulating a DDoS attack on your home network. Constant modem dropouts caused by this application forcing thousands of packets through pipeline. If you like crawling internet speeds, loading symbols and failure to connect with all of your other devices then dont wait, download now!
Keeps crashing or stalling out. I get one or 2 youtube vids and then need to reboot. The interface needs work. The first thing I want to see is what is on my casted device. I also want unimpeded ability to choose lower resolution. I'll reinstall and update this review if it improves.
Does not Auto connect to WiFi need to manual reconnect each time. Very slow to update browse tab. I have had to reset my google home mini 2 times.
Great product but really flakey these days. Frequently drops out during cast of Netflix, almost impossible to cast BBC iPlayer. What is it doing to my router?...
I never understood the bad comments I read here about this app, then there was an update. My favorite news website used to cast perfectly and now the cast button has disappeared since the last update. This news website was the whole reason I bought Chromecast. I can still mirror it to my TV but it runs my battery out quickly and works far less than perfect. PLEASE fix this problem so I can go back to enjoying my Chromecast the way it should be.
Simply doesn't work. YouTube app streams to all my Chromecasts all day everyday, but the home app NEVER sees any of them. I've done factory resets, router reboots, you name it - it just NEVER works. I use bubble upnp, which is much more reliable.
The upnp settings of my router were creating problems to my Chromecast. This I can understand, but the requirements for no AP isolation and upnp enabled were not very easy to find on the support page, nor in the setup manual. Hope I fixed my connection between phone and Chromecast.
The Google Home speaker reports incorrect time. When we eb sure time zone settings - which are not easy to find - it does not resolve. We have also unplugged to reset. GHT3-TIME Our mini speaker is working fine for now.. when trying to submit feedback through the app I get stuck in a loop of selecting device, typing feedback and submitting, and getting taken back to select device again. Way to go Google. All of my Apple friends laugh at me. Why am I so loyal, idk.
Worked great at first, now my home keeps telling me it can't recognize my voice and I need to retrain in the app. When I try to retrain, it says there is an issue with my microphone and to wait 3 seconds, over and over and over again.
Kind of confusing layout. Works great to control things once you figure it out. Why isn't this available to install on Family Link child accounts? (The kids won't screw up things with a remote control any worse than I would...)
Something went wrong, try again in a few seconds. There was a Glitch. Sorry I don't know how to help with that yet. Get used to those first 2 because 80% of the time that's all you're going to hear. 10% of the time you get the third one and 10% it works. You ask a question and it keeps listening even though I'm no longer speaking, sometimes it does this for a minute or more. When it does for example turn my lights on or off it then tells me it was unable to complete the operation even though it did. This is probably the worst Google product I have bought and I absolutely love Google.
Mismash of nonsensical settings with unusable interfaces. Set it and forget it. Any customization will lead down a rabbit hole, and leave Alice without any rabbit for guidance.
Everything seems to work fine except when I set up a queue of videos using the YouTube app. It will play it no problem, but it will not automatically advance to the next video. It will advance in Netflix, just not YouTube. Doesn't matter if I use my Motorola Moto E phone. or my Samsung galaxy tab E. It won't stop me from using it, but you won't be getting a 5 star rating until this is fixed.
Numerous bugs. It's useless, other than the fact that it's required for chromecast. Should have known google would require everyone to download their own software to control anything you watch.
Used to love it until I had to change the Wifi settings. The configuration does not exist in the place it's supposed to and removing the device simply does not work as it continues to show up in several places places inside the app. Reistalling the app does not work, wrong config is kept regardless. Only solution is to do it from another google account and mobile device. First time config is easy, fast and simple, too bad I can never use it from my main account again.
b'When casting phone screen, it will only work if the microphone is enabled in play services. Why does it need need to lisen to my phones microphone? Also i dont like other peoples YT playlists getting linked and shown up on my device after streaming to cromecast. ??'
Rubbish. Doesn't cast. On top of that I found a fake 5-star rating from me for this app. Can't believe Google does it. Now I think Google totally deserves being fined for fishy practices.
I think it's still evolving. Too premature. 1. My major frustration is with the duplication. When I say ok Google or hey Google, both my Pixel and Google Home responds. Followed the steps as on Google support page but can't fix this. 2. Requires to give permission to everything or else it doesn't work.
Same issues as others - calendar access is limited as my main calendar isn't my Google one. That, and 'my day' refuses to work on Home, even though it's setup and works on phone assistant. I now have a glorified joke machine.
Since I got a 2nd home mini at Christmas there has been constant connection problems and most of my cast devices don't appear and I'm getting WiFi interruptions. Normally love the app but getting very frustrated by how unrealiable it has become. When I want to cast to a screen from my phone the device doesn't appear but it will work when asking the home mini speaker. Still waiting on this update that suppose to solve everything.
So many damn problems with this app especially when it connects to the tv. I can't even connect to my brand new Google tv. Definitely going back to roku
There is no possiblity to pickup simple tunein radio station when it is unrecognizable by voice. Instead you can browse long list of compatible device providers.
Great app . Lately it hasn't been picking up my chrome cast. finding myself unplugging it a couple times a day to get it to work. Its annoying. I love my chrome cast and id hate to switch !
Every time I ask my Google Home device to remind me or ask what is on my calendar, it cannot recognize my voice. So, I try to retrain it in the app ( why should I need to do this every day?), I can't. The app cannot open my microphone on my Google Pixel XL phone. I have tried turning off all other apps that have permission to my microphone, but that has not solved the issue. About the only thing this is good for is asking the weather or playing music. You can't reliably use it for functions that are specific to your profile or voice.
I don't know when it started but my Chromecast sucks now. There wasn't a time when the Amazon Fire Stick was ever an option for me but now, I'm seriously considering getting one. My Chromecast never stays connected and it never appears in my connected device list. Both my phone and the Chromecast are connected to the same Wi-Fi. Lately, Google's hardware has been troubling.
Ever since they updated the UI, it has weird connection problems. Problems that weren't there before, which is very strange. Change it back, it worked perfectly before that change.
Chromecast worked fine with my Samsung note 5. Now the app simply tells me that it isn't optimised for my new note 8. Prime video will play sound and display screen controls, but not the actual video. I will update this review when Google corrects the problem.
This app works perfectly on my S6. My S8 can't cast from the Google Home app. Usual troubleshooting has been undertaken with no success. Casting from YouTube, Netflix etc works, and occasionally Chrome. You
b"\xe2\x98\xa0DON'T UPDATE IF YOU HAVE OLDER VERSION\xe2\x98\xa1 Google plz fix this mess! I purchased a Toshiba Chromecast TV the end of 2016. I installed #chromecast just as it was 1st totally integrated into the #Googlehome platform. A bit messy, as I don't use any other smart products, but it was viable. However! A cpl months ago after an update, not only did the entire UI change, but I haven't been able to connect app to my TV since! I was hoping a recent update fixed the BIG BUG,but it hasn't. Wish I could dump the upgrade!! Thankfully...I have a #ROKU!!"
I switched to Google Home from Amazon Echo, and I have to say it's been a lackluster experience from the device itself to the app that is supposed to integrate everything. Whenever I update my Philips Hue setup, I need to unlink my account and start from scratch. Adjusting volume within my Spotify app on my phone only sometimes affects the volume on the Google Home speaker. It seems to want to push more music apps on you than is necessary, though I wonder if those apps have better integration. Overall it feels like a dumbed down version of what Amazon is offering with their Alexa app, with manual integration of all your devices. It works well enough for music, but it's smart home functions leave a lot to be desired.
I love this. I just wish it would recognise the correct spelling of Shudder when I ask if it can open Shudder, not Shutters. Anyway Shudder horror app needs Chromecast and Google Home device support. Whatev... 5 stars.
This app is terrible! So many issues, I can't cast off my phone without keeping the screen on, Netflix is almost impossible to control once I shut my Chromebook lid. I love you, Google, please fix this!
This app works occasionally when if feels so inclined. I enjoyed it for a while then the whole thing went haywire on me. I keep getting The message "disconnecting" when I attempt to cast to my Chromecast. I have rebooted everything several times but it still will not cast properly.
You have ruined chromecast for me. Resume does not work. I can't cast photos. I have to stop casting and recast. I have uhd chromecast and photo cast resolution is nasty and lower than casting to my other standard cast. You have introduced bugs that were not there for years!
When are you going to fix your last update can't connect app saying connected but can't cast. Buy the Chromecast and the app is rubbish.
For me, this app is all about chromecast and chromecast is really frustrating and disappointing. I have Ethernet to chromecast ultra and weak wifi to tablet. That would be ok if I only had to choose what to watch on the tablet but it needs to download on the tablet to begin with and then it plays on chromecast. And if the WiFi drops out during play, chromecast stops working despite having the better connection. So limited and annoying.
App is hard to find what you are looking for. I always hear about new features, but can never find the settings in the app. I will say that once you find what you are looking for, the set up is pretty easy. Also, why the heck is "hey Google" available for my old assed tablet, but I still can't say that to activate the assistant on my Galaxy s8? How about an update for the phones google?
Absolute garbage. Chrome cast is a joke and the alexa knockoff is horrendous. Not user friendly in the least. I'll stick with roku. Never again will I use this trash
Made my internet drop out then die altogether. Ended up disconnecting my home mini and this app and internet connection is now fine. Pretty slack of google to not have this problem fixed already.
There are a lot of things I like about the Google Home (timers, lists, info, weather, time, Harmony integration, Internet Radio, message broadcasting) but boy does it fall down badly on the support of GSuite users - can't access calendar or find out about my day - can't access Contacts, not bad considering we pay to use GSuite. Can't make calls either (OK I live in Australia but that should not be a problem our mobile networks are world class). I have a Chromecast as well but it has been next to useless since day one, and from reading the recent reviews I think it will remain unplugged. I really want to like this product more but you make it so hard Google.
Can't cast for more than a few minutes using in app settings. Have to cast screen of my device and have poor quality.
When trying to connect through Home app it will quickly display disconnecting. I've troubleshooted many time with no success. Please fix. Trying to cast from Samsung s, s5, edge, and iPhones
Doesn't cast screen from my Lenovo vibe k5 note running Android 6.0. Gives out message "device not optimized" on clicking cast button. I can easily cast screen on my smart TV without Chromecast. But doesn't work with Chromecast.
Since the latest update I am unable to connect my Xiaomi Yeelight through IFTTT. In fact, I'm not even sure where to find the section that let's you add Smart Home Devices anymore. I believe it wasn't too clear to find the right section before , but right now it seems to have disappeared. Please alow me to ask: how do I add a Smart Home Device? Links on Google won't help as they are based on previous versions of the Home APP.
Using Pixel 2 and having so many issues connecting to all four of my Chromecast. Other devices seem to have no issue. Pretty confused about this. Looking forward to a fix
The most useless and combersome interface to come along in years. In help you are instructed to use your computer to cast really if I'm connected to my computer why do I need your device? Oh and keep your phone plugged in, another wise tidbit. Again if I'm using my phones processor why do I need your device. The permissions alone drive semitruck of security issues thru your living room. Going back in the box never to be seen again
Trying to cast screen has always been problematic. The latest issue is that the app says Connecting then immediately says Disconnecting. The only solution is to reboot the phone.
It seems like it has a lot of glitches for me on my S6 Galaxy. I feel like if I had a different phone and better internet connection it would be great. I'm having trouble casting Netflix from my phone. Update and it seems to have fixed itself
Can't find devices even though everything is plugged in...... i go away for a weekend and this happens...... rubbish system..... think I'll go buy an Amazon fire.
Different settings and features based on different country althought you are using English (US) language default for the phone... Second OMG is disability to use GSuite calendar.
Cast screen/audio failed by disconnecting instantaneously.. Reboot of the device or toggle off and back on microphone permission for Google play rectifies the problem at least for a long while before it acts up again
I really wish I had other options. Why does the sound go out every few minutes when using screen mirror?! I have to disconnect and reconnect over 10 times while watching TV shows or movies. How can you fix this? And the same thing happens on 5 different devices on the same chromecast.
Why does my phone transmit answers to the Google home instead of just answering on my phone... where I asked the question. Once this is fixed 5 stars for sure.
Often cannot find my tv. Other apps in mobile connect to tv without any problem in few seconds.
If only it was as simple as clicking the cast button like they say, ohh no you have to f$$# around for about an hour to try and get it to cast to your TV. Freezes my phone redirects me to adds to the point I have to restart my phone. Dont waste you $65 like I did.
Spent well other a month trying to get an bug fixed within the app/my account. I have residue information of an old Home device that cant be deleted stopping the app from working properly. Over 35 messages back and forth between google support teir 1 who have have raised it to there teir 2 and 3 support with no outcome. I have no feed back from the upper teirs and no change with my app/account issue. there for the poor rating. the product works well and would like to buy more of them but the app/account issue is stopping me hence the poor rating.
It is ALWAYS difficult to set the chromecast up. Why is it so complicated. I bought it once and tried to set up with my student accommodation wifi and it didn't work because it needed a private network. Why couldn't they have mentioned that. ? Hence i had to return it. I purchased it the second time when i moved houses and this time the house has a private wifi network and guess what, Google chromecast crapped again during the set up. I didn't even get the taste of it, it shat before even I could get started. So frustrated and disappointed. If this continues Google will definitely face criticism like Apple. Meanwhile Im trying ways to set this good forsaken devise up.
Update... It STILL cannot verify my voice to allow me to access my personal information. The stupid thing won't allow me to retrain the voice model. Most everything else works okay most of the time but my Pandora continuously stops playing for whatever reason. I wish Google would fix this because it's a great concept. I've invested quite a bit in their products so they need to have an app that works properly to support the products. It sucks! I use this app for Chromecast and the Google Home Speakers both the big one and the mini. It does not verify my voice so it will not allow me to access my personal calendars, task list, Etc. It keeps telling me it cannot verify my voice and to retrain my voice model in the Google assistant app. When I go to the Google assistant app it will not allow me to retrain my voice. When I click the option to retrain my voice it just sits there and Spins endlessly. I am very frustrated! If I could give it to zero Stars I would. Fix it now Google!!!
Not letting me retrain my Google home mini to recognize my voice. Doesn't always remind me of events, alerts, or reminders that I set. Very frustrating. But when it actually works, it's a good app and piece of equipment to have.
Voice training was a pain for multi-user. Trained it, then an hour later it said I needed to voice train it again. Latest Home firmware update killed the TV on/off I had with my Chromecast Ultra.
Has issues casting with amazon prime only voice comes from tv not video.. i have samsung s7 edge.. otherwise good
Disconnects constantly and after powering on and off a couple of times it still wont connect to my phone. I eventually get so annoyed with it that i have to reset the whole thing. This happens a few times a week. Its very annoying. And i have two devices and one was purchased two months ago. Horrible service. It use to work great and now its awful. Shame on you google. Way to ruin a good thing. I wont ever purchase another chromecast.
My Chromecast worked fine until I had to use this garbage ap. Now I am resting the Chromecast every night just to watch TV! I even went out and got a new Google pixel 2 thinking that would help. Nope still sucks!
Used to love this app with my Note 4. Since I got my Note 8 in November, this app had never worked. It always ends casting and never connects. All my apps that have Chromecast capability work except the actual app that it's built for. Get it together Google.
Upgraded app, now neither of my Chromecasts work. Why did I pay for useless equipment?!?!!!!! Get it sorted Google, or better yet just try testing your flipping updates for more than 2 seconds.
Latest updates have screwed up Chromecast. Have to restart phone to make it work. Don't need that kind of misery.
I am using a Google Pixel 2 XL with the latest software and also the Chromecast is having the latest software. But still I am not able to mirror my Pixel 2 XL device screen to my TV using Chromecast device. Really bad experience. Now I regret that I bought Pixel 2 XL. My Samsung Galaxy S8 was the best.
It is ludicrous that Google Home cannot link with Google Keep for the shopping list function. You know... An app where you can actually sort items, manually reorder items according to your store's layout, delete items. I know those are crazy expectations, but someone (Keep) has figured it out. Instead, the shopping list opens a website (what if I don't have a signal?) where I can do none of those things. I can't even export the list so that it could be imported into Keep. The other functions on home are nice, but this one thing is so VERY BAD it lowers the whole score.
A recent update has ruined a perfect home connectivity network. I now have to log into my Chromecast every time I connect and then the connection is spotty. The Home app no longer finds the Chromecast allowing control when other apps disconnect leaving me with a rogue unit, streaming away with no way to stop the playback, aside from unplugging the Chromecast. Google Fix It!!!
None of the buttons on the menu do anything. I have a bunch of smart devices here, and I can't get to the home control button. It's there. I see it. But none of the options work in the app. Please fix!! I have reinstalled and updated. I have assistant, home mini, smart plugs and more. Nothing.
CHROMECAST Very good for watching PORN online and transferring it to my 100 INCH TV so that i can see in EXACT DETAIL the exact shape and pinkness and orgasmic trembling of the vagina lips and ACTUAL SQUIRTING OF CUM from the women's vaginas WHILE they are having actual sexualintercourse with several penis's at the same time :-) going in and out of the vagina. ALL BY GOOGLE CHROMECAST LETTING ME STREAM PORN FROM MY MOBILE PHONE. fantastic. I won't damage my eyesight like I did on my small mobile phone screen.
Won't control devices that are linked, Google home says they aren't linked, done everything a reasonable person would think to do, unlink, relinked, uninstall, reboot, wait a few days, ensured devices are updated. Fix it, or my devices is useless.
The updates for older Android phones has stopped. I can't properly use this app on any of my newly purchased Google Home devices. Rather discouraging to spend the money to equip the whole house with Home devices and the app support won't keep up so I can use these devices with my older phone.
b"For the record that's ONLY 1 ??star won't allow me to edit to one! Update review once Google decides to update with a fix! Google has confirmed an issue with its Google Home and Chromecast products that can cause your home Wi-Fi network to crash... The issue reportedly affects routers from ASUS, Linksys, Netgear, TP-Link, and Synology, which covers most brands you\xe2\x80\x99re likely to find in your home. Known issue from Google check it out online. Very disappointed been ongoing for a very long time no fix yet."
When initially setting up my Google Home it worked smoothly. I was able to connect to my smart devices around the house fairly seemlessly. However, not even a month later this app has been extremely disappointing. It never let's me configure set ups because the app is constantly loading when I click anywhere besides the home menu. All of this is very surprising to be given how reliable Google's other apps are and how badly Google is trying to compete with Amazon Alexa.
The app serves it's purpose and it does it well. The only problems I've noticed are 1. There are no ways to determine which Google user has "admin" rights to the devices. Because of this, any person on your WiFi with a Google account can have full control of your devices. 2. There needs to be a way to skip, like, and dislike songs from the app, because if the music is being casted from your computer, there is almost no control for the phone and Visa versa. 3. I have the Essential phone, and this is the only app that messes up the top of the screen. Overall the app is good and does what it needs to.
Home Control device set up is painful and inconsistent. Even when device is linked and visible, voice control refuse to work. Have tried unlinking, relinking, renaming devices, rebooting... numerous times. Still not working. Frustrating experience.
Useless! Devices doesn't show on the list to cast with Spotify and even Google play. Does work when you use your voice.
2018JAN02_0453 HRS executed set-up various times. rebooted cable modem and router. although chromecast eventjally appeared on the google app, it disappeared again. 'chromecast...not found' is now the equivalent of microsux's 'blue screen of death' (WINdoze 98). a multi-million dollar company releases such deficient a product. one positive: I am taking the google router off my list of potential home retrofit upgrades. 2018JAN02_0402 HRS chromec...rap. chromecrap updated itself during setup...and is now invisible to tablet/wifi scanner. in this era, releasing a product with such cumbersome (in my case, non-operating) form is inexcusable. perhaps the device may serve well...as a table hockey puck.
Message pops up make sure chromecast is nearby when I'm in the same room. Using it right before it shut off and stopped working. App cannot connect to chromecast anymore. Tried to reboot and reconnect multiple times.
Keeps crashing! Never lets me connect my Galaxy Note 8 and when it does it disconnects after 1 minute
Am having trouble casting from my phone to the tv. Reset it everytime. Am very frustrated with chrome cast and Google home at the moment. Please fix this problem as before this I was extremely happy.
Give me more apps or give me death! And make an app that can broadcast music from my PC! I already own 350GB of music, all I want is to play it on my Chromecast! Hurry up Google!
BEST APP TO RUN AND USE MY CHROMECAST DEVICE. WE WATCH GOOGLE PLAY, NETFLIX, HBO, AND SO MUCH MORE. IF YOU AREN'T FINANCIALLY STABLE. GO PURCHASE A CHROMECAST DEVICE. YOU'LL ALSO NEED WIFI IN YOUR HOME. AFTER ALL THAT. WATCH TO YOUR HEARTS CONTENT.
It's great but won't recognize my voice or let me add other accounts. It said something about enrollment cant finish, or something like that. Annoying!
-Setup can be confusing. You'd think the devices screen would show all devices, not just Google devices. -I'd like the ability to link devices to a specific speaker. For instance, linking my living room lights and my living room Google Home so I can say "turn on the lights" and have just the living room lights turn on rather than the entire house. -Phones/tablets should be included in devices to allow customization, playback, and the ability to use an old device like it's a Google Home speaker. -The speaker has a habit of activating without anything remotely resembling "okay/hey Google" being audible in the house. It can get really annoying when watching a movie/show due to the volume drop on the TV when this occurs.
This app has been working fine with my chrome cast! Great App. Keeps me from having to pay for TV. 2/2018 update. So I had a software update for Android and now this won't connect using my LG Stylo 2 or my Samsung S7! Fix this please!!
So now what do I do with this Chromcast? Used to work but can't set it up. Can't find my network which is working fine and connects to all my other devices. Please advise.
Got a Google home for a Christmas present and was expecting it to do a lot more. For me its a glorified Spotify player. The Amazon echo blows Google home out of the water when it comes to features the main one being "call featute" ok the US have this feature on the Google home but again the UK customers go without with no information anywhere online with a date that we may get it. I suppose Google home is good if you can't be bother getting up and turning your smart thermostat down but that is it. Google home needs a feature updates pronto!
Great potential here, but even as an excited early adopter (6 GHs, 4GHMs, 3CC, and 3CCA) I find the whole system so buggy that I can be in usable at times. When it works it's great, when it doesn't it is very frustrating.
It was all good.. But recently nothing working... No updates released as well... Pathetic service Google
It's now known that Google Home and Chromecast devices cause WiFi outages on your home network. These have been driving me nuts trying to troubleshoot these issues for months now and it turned out to be my Google Home Mini? Shame on you Google!
A Fiddly Jumble is what this app feels like. I've got 2 Google Home Minis, 2 Chromecasts, a Nexus Player and a smart TV that all show up when I open the home app and it's really kind of disheveled and messy looking. I feel that it's bad enough that I have to open an app to "Cast Screen and Audio" on an Android device but having to click several times to accomplish it even after opening the app feels VERY bad. I'm not sure if Google has shed its ultra crisp "Material Design" UI design language but I feel that a persistent "Cast" button in the lower right corner f this app's UI would be just REVOLUTIONARY and MAGICAL. Google... Make it so.
It stopped working. Clearly this is still at experimental stage. I want my money back
GOOGLE HOME SUCKS!!! Chromecast worked fine on its own. Now it doesn't recognize, no device found, SEARCHING FOR DEVICE GOES round and round, etc. What Google monopoly is going on now?? I've read all the latest complaints. Tried everything everyone has tried. No help from Google. THIS IS A GOOGLE PROBLEM! QUIT WASTING OUR TIME! Fix Chromecast or I, like everyone else who's clued in, will trash and get Roku or something that actually works. SO DISAPPOINTED IN YOUR LATEST TECHNOLOGY. At least switch the Chromecast app back to just being Chromecast. Your new innovative ways haven't caught up to your hardware--OOPS!
It works then it doesnt work. Previouy Everything worked fine... after update. Have connectivity issues all the time... cant cast screen... etc etc...
Always disconnected. Using this app for Chromecast. It is rarely connected to Chromecast. Everyday i have to do setup after factory restart.
Have had several Chromecasts for few years worked great--now experiencing constant disconnects having to reboot always....cast icon not showing up.... waiting for fix...needed to buy one more now thinking need to change to something else.... problems occuring across all devices...have done all troubleshooting steps multiple times....back to using HDMI to tv from laptop!!!
Lots of work and after sales care needs to be done. There's a problem trying to get your Google home to connect to your WiFi. So far, very bad, that's been unsuccessful. The device is more a waste of money. Worth it if it works but, wouldn't count on its reliability.
On my galaxy 7 edge and mostly, it works. The only problem is when you go to retrain the voice model it leaves you stuck on the "Please Wait" screen and never actually let's you train it
The app is pretty cool, I like the device very much. Only one request, please make this thing capable of casting via Bluetooth. If I need to pay much for wifi I might just get cable and forget it. My data service is good enough for me.
Canada still lacking some functionality, also there's no way to turn down the alarm volume. Others can go to the device area, click the three dots, and go to settings, but not here in Canada. So my alarm is at 100% and nearly gave me a heart attack. Please add this oversight. Thank you
I am amazed reading reviews for this app. Even when I have to re- set up the device chromecast, home or other smart home non google products ,it takes two seconds. All your stored info is associated with email. Why is everyone complaining?? These products integrate well with other apps and are fully functional any body not able to work around an issue or minuscule flaw should not be aloud to have cool stuff. Less permissions would be awesome however
SUPERW FED UP WITH THIS APP!!! Works once on ten!!! Plus doesn't work to cast your phone on tv if you are not on wifi connection. No offline facilities. Homecast is sold very expensive. More than ch Fr 50 the item and you keep getting stacked!!!! It is sold instead of a wire connection between your mobile and your tv but doesn't do what you use to do with a iphone wire for instance.
Night mode is broken and doesn't restore volume in the morning, I've tried all the recommendations but like so many others, it still doesn't work reliably. Additionally, I'll often try asking my phone something that I know it can answer, but instead it forwards the request to my Google Home that just gives me the worthless response "I'm sorry, I don't know how to help with that yet"! Absolutely infuriating!!!
Doesn't work properly anymore. It was working perfectly fine before this new app was introduced. About to find an alternative unless this is fixed. Way too much of a hassle.
Awful app. Horribly unintuitive. A pain to find the settings you want and flooded with "helpful" cards. Hey, pair your Netflix account! Except Netflix playback doesn't work with android TV, only Chromecast.
Needs more apps especially things like Amazon prime video. Highly unlikely that I'll buy another chrome cast unless these things are improved.
It doesn't work what so ever on Samsung galaxy s6 phones. Wht a waste of money, I'm not able to go into settings or do anything other than look up help (which also doesn't work)
update sucks. the main menu is missing key links to optimize the navigation through this application. if possible keep the old version and enjoy less frustration unless you enjoy to playing treasure hunt when you are trying to cast media.
Had problems with latest update disconnecting. My solution was: Reset wifi and modem, made sure wifi was on the same wifi as Cast was and app is working fine again.
Was working fine on galaxy s7edge now will not connect. Can see my chromecast password all good. Should be childs play google. Bunch of dorks
My family and i have the best tome with this guy! Wish thou could instruct him to play my music from a playlist though . The call feature is helpful with my youngest and one day a send text or email to... feature could be most amazing . However we love the one we have and plan to buy more so each of the 5 of us has our own. I was looking at how they can sync and widen the fun things to try list!
Basic operations don't work. It cannot recognize the microphone to retrain the Google home mini!
Had our WiFi password reset so had to setup my Google home mini again, it picked it up at first and proceeded to set it up, said setup was successful then it never picked it up again, can't even reset it as it won't allow it! Mini also says I need to sign into my Google account via the Google Home app... I'm already signed in! Utterly useless!
Idk why these idiots changed the casting feature but it's gone downhill and they offer no solutions. Can't cast from computer anymore can't cast from apps anymore either It will not connect to the device for the TV. Simply Terrible think I'll get a roku or Amazon stick
Google home devices keeps losing connection and makes my router restart...... Very irritating when watching something and just lose connection, and taking up to an half hour or more trying to get my network going again...... Need a fix....
Hey Google. Your last two updates all but broke my ability to use Chromecast entirely. Really REALLY frustrated that none of my content apps won't connect or even SEE my Chromecast. On either my LG or my wife's Galaxy Note After feeling fairly certain it was YOUR update that caused it, I found a website that archives previous versions. I installed Google Home from 4 versions back... And now it's working again! EVEN THOUGH, the previous version is trying to FORCE me to update. Just the fact that it's running in the background allows all my content apps to Cast now PLEASE FIX THIS! Arrgggh!
My two major groups with this app are with the icon and with the shopping list. The Google home icon should have a transparent background not a white background. It does not fit with the rest of their icons. The shopping list should be integrated with Google Keep, not some shotty web app. Frankly Google home should work with all of their in-house applications. I understand that Google is a very large company and each app is a separate team but there should be a Integrations team that coordinates with tween all applications.
Im using this since last 1 year and now all of sudden it got the home page saying do setup again when tried doing it says this device was not made for your country so it wont work with my wifi it never happen in last 1 year so y now i want a solution for this
This app sucks! What happened to the old Chromecast. This app disconnects your Wi-Fi but never reconnects! But you need the Wi-Fi for setup. So setup never works. This is some bull!!
It's all right could be better, could be worse. I wish there was a simple way through the app to cast images, audio, and video. Seems like a feature it should have.
This app doesn't function properly on my phone. I want to use this app to mirror my phone screen onto a TV using Chromecast. I use Chromecast with other apps on my phone all of the time with no issues (e.g. Netflix) and in general I'm a big fan. However, on Google Home when I press the "Cast Screen/Audio" button it says "Connecting" then immediately "Disconnecting" and then does nothing. The only thing that fixes it is restarting my phone, which is very inconvenient (then my screen can be mirrored as normal). Each time I want to play something I have to go through this same process. I'm experiencing this issue on a Samsung Galaxy S6 phone - I don't know if others have experienced the same thing. I made a a support ticket on the Google Home app but had no response. I hope someone might see this and fix the problem.
Cannot connect to Chromecast since latest update. Tried all troubleshooting to on avail. Worked perfectly for over a year until this update. Now just rubbish!
You can't use Google Home devices to play music in your Google Play Music library (i.e., music you own) unless you put it on a playlist and play the whole playlist. If you want to play songs or artists from your library, you have to pay x amount per month for a Google Play Music subscription and, even then, music that you own that isn't in their catalogue won't be accessible. Since I bought this because they advertised it as being able to play music on voice command, I am very disappointed and will be switching to Amazon.
Couldn't get it set up. Tried for an hour to get my Android phone to set up a Google device to my Google fiber router but it just wasn't happening. In the end it took the use of my Windows 8 powered pc to get it going. That's pretty sad Google! I'm still unhappy about the loss of SD card functionality thanks to Kit-kat. I'm at the end of my rope with you! As much I have loved and supported android in the past, I'm really starting to feel betrayed.
*MUCH* less reliable than the CC 1.13.15 app. I wish I could give this a ZERO, as my CCs is now rendered practically useless. Any time the wifi blinks, the CCs need to go through setup. Again. And Again. And Again.
Our WiFi signal is strong, yet ChromeCast keeps failing to cast mid-show, and between shows. Nice idea, poor execution.
It stopped working. The content is freezing and skipping. Really frustrating. It worked fine, it's like they messed it up so you have to pay.
Been having WiFi issues for weeks now, just discovered its being caused by Chromecast - fix needed urgently. Prior to this was a great product
I think your app is rubbish. I tried for over an hour to reset my chromecast after resetting my router. I received a message "please sign in to your google account to upgrade google app" I am and was signed in. I signed in and out several times. Yet still receive the same message. So I cannot use chromecast at all. Please fix this and the many other issues I am reading in reviews
Just got Chromecast ultra and got it set up, there is no sound on any app I cast to my tv. Ive gone through all the app settings, the device settings and tv settings and no matter what I change on the tv theres no sound and there isn't even any sound option on this app. Really disappointed and pissed off that there's zero help for this anywhere and that something brand new could suck this bad right off the bat
Can someone please check if there is a bug with the Android version of the app related to Voice Match setup? I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and I still can't get it to work. My husband's Apple version of the app worked in seconds. Thanks!
Reports back with a glitch when trying to set an alarm. NO info on web that shows this exact problem on how to clear this. Fix bug and I'll change rating.
Loving my home mini. Disappointed shopping lists is some weird website and not incorporated into keep !
It is a good app, I was able to tell it the artist I wanted to hear and the song and it would flip between Google Play and YouTube and since I updated it now only allows me to play Google Play Music or I have to install the YouTube app with red or subscribe to Google Play to hear an individual artist or songs kind of pissed me off. I have only had this for two weeks and this is the change not a happy camper!
Can't connect to my chromecast can even see the device in the app, not good please Google need to fixed also make it every chromecast private so other people can't see what I'm watching!!!!
Before there was an 'explore' option on the pull out menu, now it is gone and no way to find 3rd party skills/actions. Google help says the explore option is where to find them, but Google can't make up its mind about anything.
When trying to screencast from mobile to chromecast clicking the menu icon it immediately disconnects. Good concept but Google products should work together.
My Google home app does not fully work. I've tried going into setting and other pages on it but they do not proceed to the next step. It's very disappointing.
Do not buy this product!!!!! It will leave you phone completely vunerable to hacking. Today i almost lost alot of information and data from someone getting in thru the chromcast and downloading a ton or porn. Which I had to eat in data.
It works when it wants to. I can't cast, every time I try says connecting disconnecting itself in less that a second.. It's absurd! Why there is not a 100% reliable google product? Makes think I should try iOS instead this junk.
Of course I have to like the app at least a little bit, because it's the only way I can set up and run Google home speakers. And there isn't anything bad to say per se except that there's a lot of things to do within this application and it needs very clear and concise navigation. There is always going to be a learning curve in this type of application. But the problem is they keep changing things within the app and then cannot keep up with the changes on their online help pages. Sometimes it is faster to get information about a function that has changed name or location within the app, from the public on a message board or other means. So I guess my complaints can be summed up as they keep changing the names of functions. They keep splitting functions into two different new names. They are unable to keep up with the many changes they make with their own help pages. Because Google does not put out a concise how to use this app, such an obvious and clear bullet point in development of keeping the navigation consistent, should be a given.
Doesn't work. Why does this vile skynet worshiping left wing 'I identify as a golden dragon' cult need my precise location and every little bit of info about me to work a damn speaker. Boycott this evil den of communist vipers.
What good is having a clock on the front of the device if it won't set to my timezone?? This is the easiest thing in the world to add to the app... I feel like I'm living in the movie idiocracy!
Can you pleeeeaaase ad an + icon or something on the linked account(s) section! Im not seeing the blue "multi-user available" button. So annoying! Trying to link my gf on same google home, but just cant do it!
It works wonderfully when it works, which is usually for months. I can watch apps or mirror my laptop to the tv. However, it stops working for no apparent reason, requiring factory resets and a lot of hassle. Currently, it won't access my WiFi but can access my AndoidAp just fine. Im currently trying to reinstall my WiFi connection after a factory reset. In general, the installation process seems too point-and-click, making it difficult to troubleshoot WiFi connection problems. The only options are to click on the network or manually enter the WiFi network details, add an additional connector, reboot the device or factory reset. The options mentioned on the Chromecast website for rebooting/resetting within Google Home do not seem to be available in this version of the app. Basically, every option I've tried hasn't fixed it. Please update the app.
Google fixed the problem. My Note 4 no longer crashes when I use this app. I really like the app!!
Great when it works keeps kicking my internet out and takes several minutes to reboot.. It's happen 3xs watching hockey game just in the first period...
I like the home mini it works great as a personal assistant but not so much as a DJ the speaker quality is good and it's loud but it doesn't let you listen to music off of YouTube without the RED subscription and I already have a subscription to IHEARTRADIO that also happens to not be supported by Google home. Just wondering if that will be added in soon
This app contains too many options locate on too many pages. Trying to find all the options and navigating through the app is like a blind man trying to exit a forest. Many (most) of the options are unclear what they do so you are not sure whether to turn the option ON or OFF. For example I noticed Google Home was using mobile data. I want it to use wifi only. I played around with the settings a bit turning some options OFF. Last night I asked Google to set alarm for 4am which has always worked well. It replied by stating it could not do this because I would have to change some settings. Which settings? It didn't say. I don't know because I can't remember what all I did while playing around with settings the day before. Seems I got a smart phone with a stupid app that is able to tell me what it can't do but not specifically why. Why do these apps have to be so complicated with options located on layers of pages and that are unclear what exactly they do when ON or OFF.
It won't let me add my voice to the voice recognition. I've tried saying the phrase "okay Google" and there is just a blue wheel loading and taking forever and nothing is happening.
Tell me... Is the joke on me? Obviously, I tried this because all mirror, projecting, and cast has become void on all Android/windows devices. Hem... Save yourself time now and take a chill pill. This is USELESS.
Sometimes the volume control slider will not work. I initially thought the app hanged up but all other functions like the play/pause button and equalizer works just fine but the volume slider is a hit or miss.
Mirroring works with galaxy tab 4 and my old galaxy tab 4 nook, but doesn't work with gas any tab a nook, which is newer then the galaxy tab 4 very fusterating. I've already tried reinstalling the app a bunch of times
App won't allow multi user on Google Home and support we're totally useless and no help at all. Wasted an hour of our time. Google get your act together!
Although the apps for Chromecast is short, I like it so far. I'm a movie buff, so the only apps that matter to me are Shoebox, Netflix, HBONOW, and Showtime. I give it a 4 instead of a 5 because it was slow to connect at first, now that its connecting, it is working great.
PLEASE give us the ability to add a light bulb to multiple rooms for voice control. Scenario: Lights in kitchen in a room. Lights in living room in a room. Want to be able to add lights in both rooms to a room called "Downstairs" to control individual room and multiple rooms without saying "all the lights" or a 'room' called "Kitchen Table" to control just the lights over the table as well as the entire kitchen with more natural voice commands.
Suddenly app can't find my Chromecast device. Tried all the suggestions in the "Help" links but nada. Worked just fine last few times I've used it but that was over a week ago. What did you guys do??????
This app does what it says and improves with every update. For those having issues, troubleshoot first, don't just blame the app. The app works great. Always has.
I love the Google home, it's fun and easy to use, but I wish there was a bit more customization, like being able to change the phrase "Hey Google" into something like "Hey Echo" or "Hey Pikachu". Make it to where we can really personalize our homes to be as unique as us.
b"So easy to use with other apps like google express or spotify. I haven't tried phillips hue app but imagine it will be easier than setting up the hues app itself! ????"
We use multiple Google homes around the house. Need an option to hide devices from individual Google homes; ie; the kitchen home should not be able to see or control the bedroom lights.
I can no longer cast from my cell phone anymore but is able to cast on my tablet, other device. I don't understand this. I have Samsung galaxy note 8.
Didn't work... Help was not helpful ("Google and rest of world - A never ending slew of links does not equal support"!)
This app no longer works will not mirror phone anymore just says diconected garbage I would give 0 stars if I could
I am not able to change anything from new station, music player ...i click on the links multiple times and it does nothing or takes me back to same page.
When I tell it to play something, I should be able to control it from my Google Play music, but I can't... It sometimes doesn't give me the option to cast to my Max
I'm not able to invite other user. When I try to invite other user this app automatically kicks me out the device menu. Please fix this.
If it does play up casting just close all open pages and apps on device restart or turn on off normally works don't know why it's gone like this but best fix I found
On certain days it would not be able to find connected device and on the other days it would not cast screen. An utter useless product and app.
No need for any other device! If you can't figure this thing out then you maybe have had a lobotomy at some point in your life! AMAZING DEVICE THAT JUST ALWAYS WORKS!
I can't even have a decent talk over my phone that my voice get muted or my callers voice gets muted. I even have a decent conversation without interference.
I have no idea what happened, I just can't cast to my TV.. I tried everything, I even rebooted my router and my phone, and still nothing.
What on earth going on. Stopped working completely. No device found. Screw u now. I am going to buy a no name device. They all work.
Clever Jerks, Now HOME Isn't Connected To WIFI OR will WORK UNLESS UPDATED. Unacceptable, We are Done. Alexa Has Won. Stick to Search & Ads we all hate & you are now forcing Through Other Apps EVEN AFTER PAYING $35 A MONTH for Mostly Sports That are useless To Actual People who need to Eat. ALMOST USELESS FEB. About to throw it AWAY.
Thanks for adding sudo-EQ settings in the latest update. It helps a bit, but the bass is still overpowering.
Constantly disconnects. Horrible video quality since they took away ability to set quality. Don't recommend.
Rubbish! I bought a Chromecast, 2 days using it to watch stuff through my mobile to my TV. Then it stopped working, tried resetting Chromecast, re installing the app, re doing updates, everything! Yet another Google product that turned out rubbish! I'm no longer using Google products or email! Google can F@#k right off! Thanks but no thanks!!!!!
Make's my T.V. freeze at the YouTube loading screen. It worked fine before my phones OS updates were made.
Ok, this app sucks big time! Can't set-up to Google Home devices. I only get "can't link your account". What a piece of garbage... Appen borde varna om enheter p ett wifi inte fr prata med varandra, d fungerar nmligen inte ntt! Fr er som har problem med Chromecast etc. G in i er wifi/Internet router och tillt att enheter fr prata direkt med varandra. P gstntverk brukar det vara blockerat som standard. Sen hnder det tyvrr ofta att man mste sl av och p wifi p telefonen/surfplattan fr att Chromecast ska funka. Det har blivit bttre p senare tid men har nog mer att gra med vilken Android release man har p telefonen/surfplattan.
Need an update, it keeps crashing the wifi. We have restarted our phones and I made sure the latest firmware was installed on the router. We need a fix for our 3 paperweights.
Was working fine then you guys messed with it again. Wish you would just leave stuff alone and stop over complicating everything.
WiFi issues seem to be resolved... However the trade-off is that now connecting to my television is nearly impossible.
Feature to cast screen to TV (mirror phone) doesn't work at all on Google pixel 2. Please fix asap :(
Does not allow me to play anything that is not Google. I've tried everything but no joy. All I wanted was to watch my own movies or show box, but chrome doesn't allow.. Probably take it back for a refund
I have an Android and did everything it say waiting for connection everything i can cast from is not picking it up nothing is happening..maybe I'm doing something wrong
I got problem from the app that I cannot do the setting always say "trouble connecting, check your connection and try again" please fix it
Doesn't recognize there is a device on the network half the time. Recently the cast button won't load with the enabled apps unless the device is put through factory reset.
I have just got the new s8+ and the mirroring function has stopped working when you select connect instantly it says disconnected over and over
Would like todo more with Canadian content and connect to more apps, apps failing to recognize devices cannot remove scenes after device resets or failed restarts
Screen casting from cell phones always times out within minutes, and says there's an error in casting although nothing is wrong with the connection
You guys forgotten that the Spanish community around the world is bigger and n the language app you let us out. Really disappointed with Google.
Mini sometime won't recognize my wemo switch, need some update to get this fix. Should have went with Amazon
I haven't had a problem until a couple of days ago and I can't find the chromecaster. I have reinstalled google home and Netflix and rebooted the device. Nothing is working.
Too often doesn't work. I really wanted to love my Google Home. I wanted it to be better than Alexa. It should be. It isn't: it's way more glitchy; it stops recognising my Hue lights on a regular basis, requiring an uninstall and reinstall (this hasn't happened once with my Echo Dot); it mishears me often, even without any background noise, unlike Google Assistant on my phone, so I can only assume it's the limited number of mics (2) to blame (Alexa is far more consistently accurate, having 7 mics); the wake word - "Hey Google" - is annoying and can't be changed (I don't feel the need to change "Alexa"); syncing my work calendar (Outlook) is so convoluted it's barely worth it (it's simple on the Echo); need a Chromecast or Chrome-enabled speaker to stream output (Echo Dot has a 3.5mm jack). I hope this is going to get much better soon, but it needs some attention from Google bosses, and it's difficult to see how software updates can get round the hardware limitations. I much prefer Google to Amazon but for now at least, I won't be using my Home that much.
Got it so I could watch movies from my phone on TV through the Chromecast but everytime I try to connect it just says "disconnecting"
At first i was so happy that i have an assistant for everything....but turns out it just a WASTE OF MONEY....it tells me "sorry something went wrong" for every single time i command google home to play some music on spotify.....well fix it please....or i will bye bye google hello alexa.....google i have faith in you but u have failed me....to tell u the truth....im a big fan of google....at first i thought i could get more of google but disappointment is all i got
Until I get an answer on why all of a sudden it can't find the device to cast too after it had been working. Low score.
will not let me set up my chromecast device, as "there is a newer version of this app" except there isn't, I even uninstalled and installed it again. keeps telling me to update this app but there is no update. very frustrating
Since the update I've hardley been able to connect with it. How can I go back before your not so great updates!!!!!!
Google wants to be like Apple and not support older versions of their products. I have a generation 1 version of Chromecast and it just simply doesn't want to work anymore and I've performed 2 factory resets on it. I've never been so disappointed in Google before. This is coming from someone who not only uses a bunch of Google Apps, but who also has Chromebook, Nexus 7 tablet and a Pixel 2 phone.
It only glitches when controlling the Google home mini but with any other device works awesome! And the app it self has never glitched
Terrible. I tried twice to mirror my phone and in both those times I had to restart my phone. Please save the trouble and don't get this app.
In india Adding Multiple users not supported for Google home devices. This is something wierd and unexpected. Pls update asap
Pathetic, keeps disconnecting, I have a 8mbps network connection still chromecast keeps disconnecting, I would suggest everyone not to invest your money in it.
How do i stop casting!? My housemate has a mini home and i don't want anything to do with it but now it offers up connect my stuff to it all the time!!!??? Get off my phone!!
Just doesn't work. Very frustrating and a waste of time and money. I follow all the instructions, then nothing, nada, zilch. Completely useless & waste of money
Cant get it to work. Old version worked ok with Android and ipad, now I cant get it to work with ipad. I.cant find a way to reboot the chromecast.
This app doesn't let me personalize my google home, it just says "just a sec" and "meet your google assistant".
Never would cast. Never will I own another Chromecast. Amazons items are alot easier, and actually work
Useless for me. Purchased a Chromecast to mirror my phone to tv. Won't allow me to setup the device using hotspot. Tech support sucks
what is going on with the home devices screwing up my network connection...? I had to unplug them. Fix this!!!
Great application, I have been using it for last 3 years, but today when I changed my phone I downloaded it and tried to configure device. The application did what was required but it still said device not found. Now I uninstalled it, and trying to install it again, but it is not downloading at all. Can you help. My phone is vivo y69
I have been having the Chromecast for a few years and now it doesn't work when I want to mirror my phone to my tv.
Now works well for me on my S5 but just crashes my tab 8.4. on video - ok for music though. Overall i like it.
Not very helpful, more of a hassle. Assistant on my phone is better
Every time I disconnect my home mini, the only way to connect it back is to factory reset it and reboot the router. Fix the software so it doesn't disrupt he WiFi. This has been specifically observed with TP Link routers. Didn't expect such bad products from Google
I don't think it's passing all my assistant data to my home mini. I use an assistant shortcut on my home mini, it doesn't fully understand.
The more you Google F* tweak it the worst it get's every time! You have a multi million Dollard brand, you fetch our personal information, you want to be the master of the f* everything yet, when you fix something you'll break it. How can this be possible in the company who has a dozen of coders to do it right or is it that u are too big to ignore if something is not quote there. All my connections to my devices have been working quite a flawlessly via Chrome cast but the last 2 or 3 so called updts have been a rookies accomplishment, not a real programmers or the u don't watch your quality what u r releasing. Damn u B*rds!
Another battery drainer...cell phone battery did not last less than half a day after installing this app. Can't even call my contacts made me keep my cell phone connected to charger all the time even when I am not casting any thing. Will uninstall soon.
App can't find any of my chromecast. Can no longer cast anything. My chromecasts are now useless
Can't remove devices from rooms, changing options and setting up new things is an awful experience
Doesn't refresh itself well. Loses devices several times a day. Chromecasts are not showing up. Where as my roku always pops up.
Downloaded the app, set up device, now when I say "hey Google" it tells me to download the app.
Everything works great and I have a great time using my Chromecasy and Google Homs Mini but Netflix sometimes streams from my personal profile and sometimes from my dad's one and I cant find a way to fix that
Been fantastic until I've just changed Wi-Fi so now I've had to reset Chromecast and now connected with new Wi-Fi but every time I press cast screen it finds living room tv and when I press cast it says connecting then disconnecting straight away worked prefect before
I'm using a Chromecast with YouTube. Everytime I play a playlist with auto-play enabled, it never goes to the next video, it just replays the same video. Once the video is finished, it select the next video but then it'll go back to the previous video from some reason.
Ever since the new update my phone never finds either of the 3 Chromecast I have in my house. I need to unplug them and plug them back in for the app to recognize them.
Will not work for Samsung Galaxy Note 8. I wish I could give 0 stars.
Need better controls for the home itself, I shouldn't have to spend 5 minutes just looking for a way to turn the volume up from my phone and still not find it.
An exercise in frustration! Can't find or stay connected to my network even in the same room as the router.
CRASH >ERROR >> ERROR > BOOOOOOM! Update ruined my Google minis and Chromecast NO LONGER WORKS. I WANT MY $$$$ BACK!
AMAZING! This is a great app, just one problem, it won't load the multiuser settings! Plz Help.
Keeps disconnecting mobile from monitor and then refuses to reconnect so it's impossible to use this useless app
This app perfectly complements the simplicity of what voice control was initially ment to embrace. It deserves every bit of the 5 stars. After running it through a super-sensitive improvement scan this is the only suggestion: If there were widgets - really only one would do. This would be absolutely marvelous. A simple pause/play button with a volume bar, and maybe a button you can hold to prompt Google Home to listen (like you do when you long-press the top of the Home). Easily accessible from your home-screen. Convient - simple - marvelous - yes, yes indeed.
Can't cast my screen to my tv anymore after update. They haven't fixed it after 5 months.
There is no default volume setup in Chromecast. It's coming in full volume after restart. Sometimes it's annoying. Please look in to this matter.
I love the concept, but right now there are just too many bugs. 1) It disconnects from my devices often and requires me to set them up individually which feels like a lengthy process when you're just trying to listen to music. 2) When I cast from Pandora, after a few songs, the Home app disconnects from my Pandora app disabling all function through that app. Yet somehow it continues to play through the Home app which only has two functions for Pandora: pause and next. If you want to change station, thumbs up or down, or do anything else, you have to "Stop Casting" in the home app, then go back to the Pandora app and start casting again. But doing that resets the station anyway, rendering most of the functions that would cause you to do this useless. 3) When casting from Amazon Music, it will play one song and then stop. 4) When casting from Google Play music, if it allows me to play anything at all, casting or not, it also only allows one song before giving me an error message saying that Google Play is unable to play this song at this time. 5) I understand that Google makes money off the Google home services but it's pretty irritating that the smart speakers remind you incessantly that your microphone is off, and that you can't to my knowledge turn off the ads for Google services in the Google Home app. I bought a couple speakers and Chromecast Audio devices uniquely to play music. It'd be nice if there were options for it to work for that purpose only.
Classic Google product development. App worked fine, until update, now all the chromecasts and Google homes I invested in are invisible to Google's own app. Time to switch, Alex is on the best trajectory.
Home App is Killing ur WiFi Network it's not limited to Google Home, Mini, Max and Chromecast devices.
Doesn't detect my WiFi that I need to connect my Chromecast or Home mini to. Highly frustrating experience of doing hard resets each time and still there is no guarantee for it to connect my devices to the WiFi.
For some reason the app is always crushing when I try to go to settings for Google mini :( frustrating.
This price of garbage wouldn't let me cast ANYTHING to my tv AT ALL it said the function wasn't optimized for my android phone or tablet don t waste your time
My Chromecast from the phone no longer works. This is really frustrating, please fix asap!
It won't let me stream any videos from YouTube or anything. Just music, like if I wanted to listen to music I'd use my phone!
Have to relink my Hue lights, literally the only reason I use this app. Really, really annoying.
pls rollback to the previous version which was working fine. chromecast is not being detected anymore in the apps auddenly after the software update very frustrating.
Chromecast is rubbish. Disconnects every time I use it. DO NOT BUY!
It blows my mind that Chromecast has been around for years yet the simple problem of Google play music and other apps falling out of sync with the Chromecast and the Chromecast turning into a zombie music player that can't be controlled STILL PERSISTS, EVEN ON EVERY FLAGSHIP GOOGLE PHONE.
Disappointed at the delay in update fix for the WiFi issues with numerous routers caused by Google Home/chromecast.
Hi when ever I use my Chromecast 2 for screen mirroring it's working only first time and when I try it connecting second time I can't find the device and if I am able to find the device it showing "Disconnecting" error and all I need to do is to restart my phone to reconnect it to screen mirroring plz fix this
Worked fine for a while now it disconnects all the time. Horrible!
Can't cast screen anymore on my Samsung s7 is connecting and disconnecting in 1 second. Rubbish
I think its okey but when i try to play a song i have to subcribe to spoify or google play music witch is dumn also if i go to home controls it wont let me
This is the worst app that I have ever had the unfortunate too download as this app keeps crashing every time I tried to download it and open it up I'm about ready to go ahead and return my device refund time
Everytime I try to use the app it just sits on the home screen on my Samsung, my husband has the same problem since he got a Samsung too. His worked when he had the moto z play. Is there a way to fix this?
I go to use the bathroom and come back and every f*ing time the video playlist for YouTube delete itself, I am tired of this so much that I am contemplating destroying every Google device I come across. Fix it or I will. The Mongolian Khan way.
Really this app does not work on s8 plus,that's bad form Google,works fine on my tab s 3 but won't work on one of the best smartphone around, just keeps discounting sort it out
Bought chromecast to use with google home & my one device a samsing galaxy note5 will not set it up!! Rubbish-nowhere does it say I need 2 devices to setup. I only have my phone! I am sending Chromecast back
Chromecast via Home has stopped working all of a sudden. When is the fix being released?
Honestly my Chromecasts, which are a reflection of this app in my opinion, never reliably work. Spotify often can't see them when trying to cast, yet it can always see my echos. Honestly I'm getting tired of how unreliable it is.
Says it's ready to cast on the TV after setup but the home app can never find the device. If it does work it's only for a short period of time
Previously gave low stars but seems to have been Spotify not Home causing the issues. This could use improvements though. I preferred the old interface as it was easy to get to Chromecast individual volumes, when you use another app and come back to the volume it doesn't reconnect so you have to come back to the main device screen and go in again which is a pain.
I have linked my spotify but it says when I ask hey google play my playlist on spotify it says you haven't linked it
My Google Home has stoped giving me the answers on people when I ask it about someone. Apparently from what I'm seeing, since the "Jesus Scandal" they gave up on having it answers anything about someone
I'm a Android user through and through but this app along with Chromecast used with my Pixel 2 are really lame. I have to restart both my receiver and my phone everytime I want to use the Chromecast... Really Google?
Third of the time cast devices dont show up. If they do then you cant connect with them. My router is 3 feet away!
Don't know why, but the app is all of a sudden losing my casting devices. I have to disconnect and reconnect from Wi-Fi on my phone for them to show up. Please fix
Disappointed.. Whenever I try to cast my mobile, I need to restart my mobile... That's very bad
All I want to do is play Spotify with Google Home. But the menu in the app doesn't work. I pull down the menu, hit Music, but nothing happens. The More Settings button also does not work.
Set up sucks 3 years ago it didn't take 2 minutes for setup and to be online now I've been working on it for over an hour and still don't have it
Is keep saying disconnected every time I try to cast screen audio Sucks!
No Multiple Calendars (at least in my region), Refuses Playing "My Songs" in Spotify, No Crossfade in Spotify If you implement those i give 5 stars. Without this its just a waste of time.
b"Was very difficult to use, did not like the chromecast but I guess I'm stuck with it...??"
Chromecast Ultra isn't compatible with ZTE Blade X Max that I bought in November 2017 and it doesn't mirror my Chromebook either, which is why I bought it in the first place. Going to return it today.
It is trying to do things in its own smart way and fails. Mostly doesn't work. No customization.
Past few weeks my Chromecast has stopped connecting to the network, or the apps just can't see it. Factory reset fixes it for a day and then it's broken again.
There needs to be a way to restrict casting and media control to one device. My roommates keep pausing my music and playing their own as a joke and it's quite annoying. I may actually have to return my Google Home because I don't see anyway to lock them out.
I am using S8+ but not able to cast screen/audio from Google home app.Please fix these issue.I have another phone J5 which i can cast screen/audio with that phone.
I can't choose my default music provider, my application does not show up the item "Music" to get to that point. what actual changes we're made? I can't play songs properly
Waste of money it doesn't connect a have to close apps down turn phone off uminstall the app n factory reset the the chromecast also says its connected then disconnects then when it does eventually work the sound goes off n lags a couple of seconds behind Am in the process of again uninstalling app a shouldnt have to do this every time a wana watch something
It stop everything . where i cant stream anything. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled it 15 this last month
Its great and i hope google devs sees this comment but can you please optimize it for tab a and note 5s. Devices with s pen are great to work with the chromecast cause well, its great for presentation and drawing..Please optimize it for s pen devices soon
On my WiFi it will not let me use my chrome cast due to a sign in required to have access to the Internet, please sort it out.
Doesn't work that well - music, more settings and explore just open the "meet your google assistant" screen and nothing else samsung galaxy tab 3.8
My Chromecast keeps unblinking and I cannot get it back. There is no support that I can contact to assist me. I am very frustrated and tempted to move to the Amazon platform.
Why doesn't work!!!? Already connected devices rarely even show up in the app under my device list. So buggy, straight garbage especially for Google's standard. I've got 3 google homes and 3 chromecast audio, but can't get anything to function properly. So many issues.
Broken by update pre xmas, fixed, broke again end of Jan by update. Come on Google!
Since the update on January 19 2018, it does not connect to my Google home mini anymore. Of course, there is no way to downgrade to the previous working version of the app.
Got a new phone and now can't connect. Immediately states DISCONNECTED upon trying to connect.
This app is horrible. When you click on the button to cast the phone screen, it suddenly says "disconnecting" and won't connect at all. Such a waste smh
Won't download on my tablet. For an hour now has been saying download pending
I am using Honor 9 lite which has Oreo built in ...but Google assistant sucks to connect to my Chromecast ....it doesn't even play anything on Chromecast ....rather it searches it on web....I have tried by giving different names to my Chromecast still it doesn't connect ....help me out!
Your latest update stop working my chromecast I cannot connect to my device
Very complicated interface. Will not allow me to set up voice recognition for my Google home mini. I have no option for 'voice match'. Very unsatisfied with the app.
Good for casting an ever-decreasing list of YouTubers. Oops, sorry comrade. I meant: Haha I love watching John Oliver he's so funny and insightful! Warren+Harris '20 LOL
Tp Link and Google home create WiFi connectivity issues on reconnect. I have to uninstall the app and reinstall it once I connect to my wifi
I like the product. But why can't I use my purchase music on the Google mini? It is always saying can't find it, when I just purchased the music online? Default is Google play music.
Keeps saying mic problems when I try to sync my voice on a Google Home.
I just wish they had it connected to Wal-Mart Grocery app, I like to do grocery pickup and add stuff to my list throughout the week... still pretty awesome features for my Google mini.
Keeps telling me Wi-Fi is disconnected and it's not. Unplug and start again, every time I want to watch something. I'm so done with you.
Couldn't find the device....so reset everything. Worked for a short while until I disconnected....now back to square one. Sort it out Google....before everyone starts moving onto something else
I keep getting the snowy crackling screen! So frustrating
Have to reboot chromecast daily, app isn't even up to date with trouble shooting instructions. Terrible, will be migrating to something else in the future
Cheio de bugs e travamentos quando uso os apps da Netflix  do YouTube. Lot of bugs and crashes using Netflix and YouTube apss
I can no longer connect to my Chromecast. Fix this problem or refund my money
It's saying that my casing my not work and when I play music it skips some of it when casting please fix so I can sleep to my own music without using Google music
Even if you only use 2.4 GHz and set your WiFi channel to an unused channel, it is completely unreliable...
I had tried many times to connect from my MI A1 Android one phone but it does not get connected
I love it but I changed my wifi password when it was connected and I can't change the password can you make so there is a option to change the password
It cannot work without internet. Eventhough you are using a downloaded movie from netflix, or just to screen mirror. You needed internet data.
Waste of time and sick of it now not working yet again. Thanks
Since last update, android os & Chromecast keeps disconnecting. I end up rebooting chromecast in order to cast from Android phone.
Keeps disconnecting when casting my phone and wouldn't communicate with the device at all. Have to restart every time I hate it!
Every time i turn on the gps location the "add decice " disappear from the app i cant connect my chromcast or add a new goole home mini
The Google Home app is not even optimized for the Samsung Galaxy s8. That's pretty bad for a flagship device.
Please allow users to access their Google Play Movies and TV shows library with The Google Assistant on Google Home Speakers. I have purchased so many titles from Google Play that it seems almost unfair that I can not cast that content with my voice to Chromecast devices using the Google Home. You all have given Netflix, YouTube and other services this ability, now please give it to your own Google Play Movies customers.
Please add the support to cast audio on the device and video on tv. Right now both audio and video cast to tv.
Please add native support for shopping list! I liked it fine in Keep but it would be nice to have local cached copy when you're shopping in a store with bad cell reception!
The new version loses all my Chromecast video and Chromecast audio connections om LG G6. I can't reconnect. Fix it please Google.
How do I get my music to play on my home and mini at same time I haven't got the group option on my home app. Uk. Thanks.
it's alright, having problems on and off with mini and Wi-Fi, sort this please.
Doesn't let me cast from my phone. Needs an update badly.
P.O.S. #FakeReviews! LOOK @ 'ALL Reviews' #Google IGNORES ALL complaints, suggestions, & information regarding THEIR #defective #eavesdropping equipment & applications. #NSA #Spies #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Now that I downloaded it I keep getting all kinds of pop-up ads on my phone.. I'm not happy about this and I want to know how I can stop it
Can't even play my own music stored on my phone. It keeps pushing a Google Play Music subscription instead. Unacceptable.
b'Very easy to set up! My Son suggested a Chromecast and I am glad I listened to Him.??'
Not sure if it's my phone or app but many times phone (glaxy s 7) can't connect with unit
Chromecast won't connect to the WiFi when every other device works fine. Did every trouble shooting option I could find.
Everything working fine over 2 devices over last couples of months then 3 days ago everything stopped... can't seem to fix connection problem.
This is an illegal bait and switch. This app is required to use Chromecast even tho there used to be a standalone app that did just manage Chromecast - without requiring location monitoring (not just on your phone, anywhere you use google) as well as adding bloatware for google home trash. These tech companies think they can get away with anything don't they?
Try to ask it to Google something and it can't help. Type in the same question on Google and it gives the result I was looking for. It's very frustrating.
It leaves a lot to be desired in ease of use and help menus. Why do we have to tolerate that?
It will not allow me to unblock my main computer and it will no longer connect to the internet making me very angry
Good app but you must use Spotify or your Google Play Music account to stream music so I usually cast my phone and play music from YouTube as I do not have an account for either.
Needs spanish support, the android google assistant already has it. Seemingly changing languages depending on who uses it would be like.
It's disconnects every time I try to connect
Stop update it. Its a problem after every update. Disconnecting when I'm trying to cast
If you try your phone crossed into your TV screen you can also try this that it's very amazing and very useful and easy to use
Useless App. Taking ages to find a device and always sucks when new wifi name is found. Google yet to find a solution for this simple problem.
I hate it . it put my mom and i e-mails, contact, and everything that has to do with email this together this app is stupid
Option to change time on chromecast screensaver not available. Very annoying.
I try to setup my Chromecast but signing in to my Google account the app says my email already exist on this device. I am trying to sign in not create a new account
I have to restart my phone and Chromecast every time I want to cast something. Also the voice commands with the Chromecast could use a lot of improvement.
The app won't allow to connect my voice to the mini, it's been fine connecting my parents to it but not me?
Worked fine until a few days ago now cannot find WiFi network even after reset.
It hasn't worked properly since December 25, 2017 and I have a brand new Note 8.
The app itself is good for nothing but connecting your device after that it just takes up space on your phone
It won't let me set up the voice recognition and won't let me access anything not my list not even my settings i keep getting a stupid screen saying meet your google assistant with a skip button and it just loops you back to the home screen can't do anything google him mini us useless waist of money!
App doesnt work with galaxy s8 despite hours with google help !!!! Such a shame
Having same issues as Kristen Correll. Used to be good but now very disappointed.
Why I get disconnected just after clicking on my device in cast menu on Samsung galaxy j7
Only so many options. There isn't a specific settings option to modify settings. No way to change wifi networks. Horrible app.
It's absolutely useless, no matter what I try it says "check connection"
The only problem I've had is trying to cast Amazon Prime
b'Used to be able to chromecast using galaxy tab a , now unable to. Only my galaxy note is able. ????'
you guys need to fix the s8 screen mirroring it doesn't work
Had this device for years until recent changes now neither of my Chromecasts work. Recent updates and changes are garbage.
Please remove WiFi mandatory to connect instead provide a password or pin etc. Not expected from Google. Not usable with WiFi
I love this app but I have a question about it I have Google home mini and don't know how to set it up to control my household accessories
not able to add any home device , only show "account now linked" on a blink screen, but it wasnt.
The app work but almost all the feature (option, voice match, etc) doesn't. I have a Samsung s7 edge and everything is up to date on my phone.
Connection comes and goes. Sometimes you have to reboot Chromecast, sometimes it won't pair with phone
My Chromecast requires internet just to mirror my Netflix on my phone, making it all a waste of money
This app doesn't recognize my Google home and my Chromecast devices
It used to work well but keeps failing from few weeks
I want to know who I can contact about getting my money back from my Google home in my Chromecast this is ridiculous
When i click on connect but it still showing me Disconnecting i reinstall the app but same issue kindly rrsolve this priblem
Connectivity problems! Hope you can fix it soon Google.
Dont know what google have done , but my chrimecast is now unuseable. Num nuts!
I can't stream videos from Chrome to Chromecast it just keeps pressing pause on its own.
Impossible to navigate, and every update I lose my devices and struggle to add them again.
Trying to set up a chromecast but it keeps crashing at the same point
Changing to Amazon fire tv as Chromecast is now useless since update
Audio works after the video has been running for two seconds. Makes watching YouTube frustrating.
This cast was working good till I was having moto x play Now I bought Samsung J7 Pro & cast is not activating.
Terrible broken app spent last two days trying to connect. Never again google!
Why Note 8 is not compactible? Everytime i want to screen cast my note 8 to my tv, error. Pls fix it !!!!
Please bring shopping lists to an app that's not only available in USA. That's a dick move, Google.
Got a cromcast device App founded but can't communicate with device.
Lost wireless headphone control. Used to be able to use your phone as a remote and headphones for TV. Now I'm fighting with my roommate due to noise issues.
Horrible to hard to use . No way you should need my location to screen mirror to tv .
It is way to difficult to hook up chromecast to your phone and tv. No step by step directions
Please fix caching issues and buffer issues. Solid Connection to 5Ghz band is non-existent!
Bought this to try and cast from phone to TV, but useless as it wants wi-fi as well.
Such an amazing device love how it works with Chromecast to power ON/OFF my TV. Can't wait to see what Google does next. Also love all the Easter eggs it has
Sorry guys, it's far to complicated, please let me go back to how things were before.
Cast screen used to work so well on my S8 before and now suddenly it doesnt work no matter what! I reinstalled the app and reset the chromecast, but no use
Chromecast no longer working unless I reset it. Rubbish
despite the propaganda, there is no way they'd let you stream via bluetooth.
App is still broken when I try to play screen to tv!
What on earth is going on. Since this update my Chromecast 2 keeps disconnecting. PLEASE FIX IT! NOT A SINGLE RESPONSE FROM GOOGLE!!!!!! YOU SUCK!!
It have has some limitations for use, such as WiFi network, app or add on for broadcast.
Chromecast disconnect all the time and i have to restart chromcast and my devise. Im on samsung galaxy tab A 2016 10.1.
Was working perfectly until yesterday 06/27/2018. Tried factory reset, resetting router, changing channels on router, reinstalling app, clearing the cache. Fix this and I'll change the rating back to 5 stars
My TV is having miracast support but am not able to connect with this app.
Too fragmented. You cannot setup connected devices or controllers here. You need Google Assistant.
I like it OK there's no real security settings on it And that's support I really dislike about it
Worked great till they updated it. Now I can't use any of the Chromecast devices I have with my phone. Still seem to work great with my apple devices. Hmmmmmmm.
I found in the recent update that my devices aren't found when I use my phone, they're listed in the home app itself as linked devices but I can't cast until I reboot the phone. Before the update it works perfectly
YouTube is the one thing I wanted to cast, and it doesn't work. Thanks Google!
Screen Mirroring is not working. When I press Cast Screen/Audio to cast to my Chromecast 2, It says Disconnecting.
My Chromecast 1st gen won't work any more I've tried pressing the button on it but the red light stays on no blinking at all anyone have any ideas Thanks
Streaming audio to groups has been broken for a long time
Hey Google home, your speakers are breaking my router. Wheres the fix?
It will not authenticate my voice, making it impossible to use most of the features. Does anyone know how to voice authenticate when it won't let you even after restarting phone and app?
My chromecast has been working perfectly up until recently. It wont connect to the wifi.
Won't work that week with Netflix just with YouTube. We have home and front brand new. I thought it would work easier.
Absence of option to restrict Chromecast visibility makes it useless in dorm or campus networks!
Worked ok. Then became more difficult to load on galaxy tab. Finally choked
The app does not work with a PC only phones my Netflix is on my PC, my phone doesn't have enough space to download Netflix even though I deleted quite a few things
b"I honestly want to give this whole shizz a 5* rating and all but I actually hate the fact that you are unable to password protect said chromecast, honestly when I'm watching something I do not appreciate other people in the house being able to control it like its fun and joke but when they are also getting notifications to aleart them I'm watching somthing this really annoyes me also ive just come home I've not watched a single thing on the TV no one has since I left earlier so why are people in the house still getting these notifications when no one is watching and also then upon my return I'm am also notified that there is someone watching youtube now Im not being funny i know for certain no is watching the TV its not even on its annoying like little things that could be done to make this thing a whole lot less annoying also when I'm watching somthing and then it just goes off and switches onto the screensaver now I did use firestick before and i never had this problem please solve this because I've got rid of the firestick now haha!!! other than that its quite good ??"
App working well with cell, and tablet. Just disconnects sometimes on it's on accord
I like Google home mini's functions but I have to reset it everyday due to wifi constantly disconnecting for no reason. Definitely needs to be fixed as it gets annoying...
Why can't a lot of us connect Phillip Hue lights to the Google Home app anymore, when are you going to fix this Google?
Easy to install first time, but whem multiple users start to connect, it starts to play up i.e. cannot re-link, and no voice match option
Stopped working after last update, keeps disconnecting and requires set-up. Super frustrating!! Please fix!!!!
We're not prepared to confirm what "bug fixes and performance improvements" have been made, just trust us, we have your best interests in mind, honest.
Connection getting better, still unable to get guest mode to work for a guest
Will not connect. Briefly cycles through connecting then disconnecting. Will not cast despite being set up and cleat in contact with chrome. Waste of 30 quid
Wish I can use the chromecast device without the device itself having to have a Internet connection, I should be able to cast from my YouTube app on my phone just using my mobile connection
Setting up the device was a breeze and it works perfectly fine . Casting has stopped working. Want to throw it in the bin
Unpredictable. .poor clarity of instructions. .looking for anoth
It's a great app, but I don't like how voice match, Doesn't WORK, I can't set it up for some reason
Google, you gone and broke the Chromecast function
It rarely works first try on my smart tv or Chromecast, and I'm using a pixel phone.
This app is so damn hard to navigate and do anything on. Completely worthless.
Every time I tried to Chromecast to the TV it freezes the TV.
Well it's okay. Sometimes when you say something it says that it doesn't understand.
Not really helpful, hit or miss
Using this app with Chromecast. Have to factory reset Every time I want to use it. Some times 2-3 times before it will link to Wi-Fi. If you want to cast to your tv,find another product
God! This is SOOOOOOOO LOUD! My neighbours can hear my business! How do i turn it down????
Terrible! It's a pain setting up!
There should be a way to cast local files for slow wifi connections
Disconnects too often. Devices are often missing
It's a cool device my girlfriend really wanted it but it isn't compatible with all wifi had to return it because it wouldn't connect to our wifi.
Never ever maintains Wi-Fi signal.
Doesn't let me sync all my calendars! Infuriating.
Just a terrible app. Linking a home control product endlessly difficult.
Every time i plug in my home max my internet goes down
Unable to connect Chromecast. message appears check your WiFi connection.
My phone can't find the chrome cast and when it can, the cast doest work
There must be something wrong with Chromecast, all the apps I've used so far, Spotify, Tidal don't work smoothly with it, they often hang and refuse to play.
Voice match doesn't work. Very few apps. Real sounding voice.
Music support is worthless unless you subscribe that is 100% unacceptable
Won't stay connected. Immediately disconnects.
Was all good untill today .app took massive heart attack RIP xx
Chromecast stopped working with latest update. Bellends
This and the Chromecast never work. Chromecast disrupting my wifi constantly
Chromecast is known to block other WiFi connectivity using powerline extenders. See Web for more details.
Easy to use and works great. I love it. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
Its perty cool i can watch movie and youtube on my crhome cast loved it so it should to give the app 5 star thank you google
It do not always work, but I kept it
No longer working with Google new device pixel 2 xl unable to cast to Chromecast anymore.
Useless app. Only works half the time
I am having problems casting my videos to chromecast
Does not work with hue after the update.
Can't add devices. I can't link my nest thermostat. Google products under the same account connected to the same Wi-Fi should work
greatest technology This makes life a lot easier especially when you can turn your lights off use everything that you need to go on your TV lock your doors open your
Incredibly bad. AllCast works perfectly and costs nothing. Chromecast is Truely a POS.
When are routines coming? Shortcuts won't let me do 2 things with one command. Ask Harmony won't work with "and" between two commands
Keeps disconnecting from my main Chromecast and it doesn't need gps to figure out which devices are on the same WiFi so why can't I connect new device without turning on gps
Not able to make calls from my google home mini
It didn't work I would not advise installing
Constantly disconnects... what's up with that?
Works fine, had some issues but they fixed it bravo Google for now
G Suite user. No calendar, no family group for streaming media... Even though I own Google stock, I will be sticking with Alexa.
Doesn't work, app gets stuck at connecting to Chromecast
Garbage app apparently isn't optimized to Galaxy S8+.
Can't connect since last update. Rubbish.
Doesn't connect to my WiFi. I've now got a pointless orange pill by my TV. Google were good once upon a time...
I am using Google Chromecast and it's really great! I wish you can also cast Samsung Videos and cast some different games on tv.
Why not possible to connect own WiFi instead of houses WiFi
It would be awesome if i could cast to two chromecast devices at same time... Same movie. Then i could watch while i clean and roam from room to room
New update is rubbish! Please undo this update asap
Don't work wit shoebox.... Cheap as zhi...
App freezes and disconnect from Wi-Fi when screen sharing
I can't even get my Chromecast to work, yet alone function properly anymore since the Chromecast refuses to connect to my device even when it's plugged in and connected to Wi-Fi. I'm not going to burn a hole in my pocket to get a Google Home device when my Chromecast won't even work for FREE. I wish I had the ability to give this zero stars
I don't connect my panasonic smart tv .
After 10 minutes it gets disconnected and stops casting.
There should be a system setup so that third party developers can create an "add-on" for the Google Assistant which could be enabled/disabled in the Google Home App.
I'm unable to link my Deezer account disappointed
Chromecast is not working properly after latest update.
You should make it where we can cast web videos but other than that muy bueno
Its ok until the last update, i have to reboot and reconnect my wifi connection again and again, everydays, please fix it google, i really love this app before the updates
Terrible device. Extremely confusing, frustrating and hard to use.
I buy chromecast2 but when I use using a screen mirroring always force closes on Samsung S7edge Thailand model but not happen with LG G3.
Even if you purchas songs from google you still cant listen to them without paying for a subscription. Won't play stations on iheart radio
Don't have a feature of screen mirroring of smartphone to TV without any wifi or internet connection. Please add this feature in next update of Chromecast 2.
Can't find a simple setup for Google mini. Nothing is simple.
Chromecast rarely works these days. Don't waste your money
Keeps opening random Google tabs when I try to set up voice match or smart home device. :( plz fix!
Chromecast is the reason why my router randomly cuts out, if I unplug my Chromecast, no wifi problems
i'am suffering with Google Home it doesn't know anything
Never connected to my new Google home
Constantly crashes on startup. Completely useless on Android. Works on iOS.
This app is getting wack updated ASAP
So buggy. I expect more from Google.
Cant get to settings press skip does nothing
Ao tentar fazer o espalhamento ele desconecta automaticamente.. Antes funcionava tranquilo, agora to com aparelho obsoleto ! Galaxy S8+
Keeps saying their is a newer version and it is updated already
90% of the time it is completely useless. It will never show my devices as connected, they are all on the same wifi and I still can't control them, and my chromecast built-in tv is basically a 55" screen saver because I can't use the app to play anything on it. Thank God I have consoles to use with Netflix and others, othetwise I would probably go mad trying to get things to work how they're supposed to. Utter garbage on Google's part. I've contacted customer service multiple times and they have been no help. I reset, reinstall, reboot, restart, etc. Nothing works, and it's not my wifi. I've ruled everything out but Google and it's half hearted devices and services like this app.
Kicks me out when trying to connect to my chromecast
Have to pay for almost any thing you want to watch..roku way better don't have to pay $1.99 for almost everything
Constantly crashing (galaxy s8 4glte unlmtd)
Hate it. Can't open anything. It throws me elsewhere.
I'm having a great experience with my Chromecast ! This is useful
Disconnects every 30 mins.
Its so dificult o configure a chromecast on it.
Trying to connect chrome cast to hotspot on phone and it will not work or give me the option
What is the point of showing features that you can customize but when you click on that link nothing happens...
Complicated set up, not functioning properly
Its great when i am able to use it, mirroring is a very big pain, it works 20% of the time mostly, on my samsung note5
I can't download. It stops on 62%
Temperamental. Works sometimes, doesn't others
There are no words!!!!!what used to be viewing pleasure is now a nightmare of reboot.
Adding this screwed up my phone and my daughters.
This is what I Think about the Google Home App The Google Home App, is a little bit hard to install, but once is installed is easy to set it up for your Google Home Mini
Worked fine until I updated my android device...please fix This! I want to return this TV I bought with built in Chromecast.
Why does this app need my location for Wi-Fi based control? I couldn't find out. Not to be trusted...
Sound going out I don't know going on
Worst set up I have ever experienced
Doesn't always connect to my chrome, but other apps do! It's the same on my tablet and phone. Sort it out!
only video remains casted, I loose voice over time may be abt 10-15 mins. Pls fix this bug
Love it, but really would like Spanish language so my parent's can use it, since they live with us.
It used to work, but now it never stays connected to my phone when I cast to my TV. I always have to restart it.
Unable to locate my Google home Device
Chromecast and philips hue just stopped working
Doesn't actually do the one thing it should, allow you to cast your screen. I'm not allowed to cast my screen at all
It's a good app. Can't wait for Google to add to the features and create a customized way to activate the Google home. "Hey Amy"...
It does the job nothing more nothing less
Connecting/ seeing devices from the app is spotty
This has gotten better with more supported apps. Would be nice if I could stream my NFL app from my phone.
Chrome cast has been working flawlessly until now. Google whatever you did in the last update, roll it back.
It's a gud app. Make a remote app for dis.. (voice search n all) so dat the stuff gets easy..
Working fine with YouTube but whenever I try to screen my phone, it shows "Connecting" and then suddenly "Disconnecting" please fix.
Over heat the device when I turn it on.
Never try this, for the best I guess that
Ever since it updated it stoped working.
Cannot be connected over 5mins on 8.0
Just flat out doesn't work.
Won't open. Just constantly asks me to login but won't go any further when I put in my details
Does not support many common video/audio formats! I'll switch back to xbmc and raspberry pi.
You can't install any app on Chromecast. also this does not allow to change the quality of videos casted from YouTube
Amazing love just playing with it asking ridiculous things to the homes and once lights are set up you can do some cool stuff with them
Damn thing never wants to work.
App does not work in hotels.
Promotional offers are not visible under the app need help. Otherwise experience is good.
Said it couldn't recognize my grandma, grandpa, or my voices even after 4 times in a row teaching it.
When you simply asked for a search result you get it efficiently and don't have to go through the phone book.. Excellente'..!!
I can't link my spotify to my google home. The web address never loads after confirming my account.
Need to enabled direct link to cellphone data! Not everyone has WiFi
A interao com o Netflix est pssima! H todo momento desconecta
Nunca me ha fallado, gran dispositivo y eso que tengo el de primera generacin
Terrible! Never, ever, ever connects!
Waiting for update my Wi-Fi went to carp I have 4 Chromecast and 3 Google home need update!!!
Great app but recently it started losing sound everything i watch after 10mins there is no wound and i have to recast
I like this app but wrote the developer about an issue and never heard back so I'm perpetually not able to update the app
Chromecast is very shotty in this app, while other apps (Youtube, Netflix, Play Music, etc) handle Chromecasting with no problem
Not gimped or missing features in Canada (unlike Amazon counterpart)
I hope they can support wink music in the next few updates
Slows down my WiFi network
This app bricked my chromecast
This app does not work
Wont work with my note 8
Chromecast hasn't worked for at least a month now. Setup from Home app works ok. As soon as it's set up, it can no longer see the Chromecast. Have to reboot router each time you want to use the chromecast
Amazing tool for office and home. Needs more support and capability. Functionality in Canada is very low so far. Looking forward to more updates.
Dosnt work for me says turn off screen overlay in settings first.. and i dont hv this option in my phone settings
Again after update will not connect to TV with youtube
Does not allow to change resolution and my tv shows only blank screen after showing boot logo
I really cannot believe it is made by Google. Maybe I am expecting too much from them.
dont like the fact i have to broadcast my hotspot to use it would be easier just to Wi-Fi direct
Google Chromecast application not available my choice
It,s really useful for my Google home mini.
Why won't it stream Amazon Prime video?? Cmon Google don't make me get a Fire stick
Rubbish not working properly
Where is the texting ability on the assistant home device? Or the ability to play my National anthem, o Canada.
Can't get the sound to work
I cant use it in hotels as it doesnt support logging into hotel wifi page
Won't connect, Do Not Buy Any Cast Devices until the bug is fixed.
Doesn't offer dark theme
App keeps telling me to update. Brings me here. There is no update
Mine won't work anymore
Very often it cannot connect to Chromecast despite of no modification on what sort of settings.
Why I can't make phone calls in Bulgaria ?:(
No matter what I try, any video casted to my TV via home from my android is persistently jerky
Good app, but needs an option to disable static text on the chromecast background screen saver to avoid screen burnin
Will not connect to devices. Says new update available then there is no new software update.
When it works its great. Recently cant connect to Chromecast even though the phone says its connected successfully.
I keeps telling me I need to update the app to setup but when it sends me to the play store it's fully updated
After few drops works well . S7 edge and S8 user.
I think it's the perfect assistant, nice, polite, funny. Just perfect
Haven't been able to watch a single thing except for the chrome cast wallpaper.
Do not support the language I want to use, does not have a convenient way to switch on and off.
WIFI REQUIRED! HOTSPOT NOT ACCEPTED
It never casts to the device when I'm trying to. I have to uninstall it and reinstall it to even use it....
Why did you take the reboot option away with the update
Great for controlling Home speakers & Chromecast media via Android. Looking forward to more features & Esperanto support.
Worked perfectly before, now "Google home" and it no longer works properly
Only downside is being able to do screen mirroring without connection to wifi other than that it's ok
Help.. Tablet to chromecast droping diring cast and just leaving dailymotion splash screen...
Gotta reset everything every time I retrain my voice model.
It won't connect to some of my apps. It says I'm still learning all the time...
It will not let me re do my voice match
Option to put Chromecast on standby or to power it off is welcome.
I have a Bose Bluetooth speaker, I can't use with Google home mini
Have to restart my Note 8 ever time I want to cast.
It's a great app but I'm having problems with chrome cast
App keeps searching for Chromecast device and can't find it when it is sitting next to it.
Google home mini cuts in and out when streaming Spotify.
Mirroring isn't working on Galaxy S5 since the last update
Can't find all the Chromecast device after updated
It doesn't work!
Don't work = garbage
After update does not connect and does not find my Chromecast as a device! Argh!
It was hard to download the Google home mini
Once again, can't connect to Chromecast. Went from easy to totally useless.
I can't change.my Google home voice from female to male
Keeps dropping when cast to t.v.
Completely ruined by latest update
Way too many problems
It does what it's supposed to do but only when and if it connects... Please help
Did not work at all
Another Google app that simply works as it should, no issues. Excellent development team!
Any chance of adding a play/pause widget and a volume slider widget for this app?
I CAN NOT CAST ON MY PHONE
Galaxy s7 used to work fine for direct casting.. now for the past week keeps disconnecting.
Doesn't keep connected
Cannot connect anymore. It was working fine from last few months but now i cannot connect anymore....
Where is my calendar options I can't move my calendars around
App does not work on hot spots. Get with the times google, not everyone uses wifi.
I love it but I wish it was more like apple homekit where I could control my lights in this app!
It's used to be good, but now it's slight lag while mirroring.
This app is in early stages but man the magic it does!
Huge security issues!
b'?? in this case I would like to say thank you for the opportunity to speak with my sister in Beijing'
Inconsistent and unreliable controls.
This is awesome, easy-to-use very intuitive.
Why the mirror is not working for note 8 ?!
Please update the app. cannot connect, tried so many times. This app needs to be fixed.
Love me some chrome cast
Great but needs more free choices... Please
It no longer connects to my google home mini
It works fine for sometime.. Then it starts to load videos even if the WiFi connection is stable..
Chromecast device needs restart all the time to connect to devices in network
This really helped me with my google home mini.
Useful app, with nice screen savers on TV
Can't cast from phone
My tab isn't work properly, is a Lenovo.
Please add Amazon prime video app to ready to cast.
Takes forever if at all when updating Wi-Fi password
I can't access more settings as well as other menus :(
i cant get the app to work, i cant accept or decline anything. cant even go into settings
Very bad application..
I enjoyed this only downfall it wont work with window 10
It doesn't help you sett up your chromecast
b'I cant change my Google Home Mini voice ??'
This is one least device requiring wires or cable connections..!
No audio when mirroring. Wasn't like this in previous updates
Need to make shopping list available off line
DowaBest Download it if you have Google home
Would be 5 stars if i could get it to work with my Google play movie purchases
Will not let me cast my screen!
My google cast is not connecting pls help
b'Updated to 8.0 and it will no longer find my Chromecast. ??'
I hope that it will works also the mirroring in apple.
I like that you can connect it to another gadget
Works well enough. Still needs a PC version; for when you know, you're at "home".
Hey Google, please add the support for miracast too.
Awesome app, love how i can control all my google home, and Chromecast devices!
after update it doesn't cast anything on my tv.
Very useful to manage my Google Home
I used Google mini first time
Add to switch on&off feature in app to chrome cast
Currently not allowing me to add devices
Can not connect with my Google tv
Screen not showing TV just sound
Miracast not working with samsung galaxy on max
Screen mirroring will not connect to TV
How do i get my crome cast
Screencasting no longer works with prime video
Just now started tell you iater
why does this app need my location to setup wifi product?!?
Love the Google mini - waited for over a month to receive it but it's worth the wait
Very easy to use. Set up nicely.
Support Latest Android ver. (N)
O cast est travando minha internet.
So annoyed.No sound.
Can't get it to load up on my ph
I'm so glad that you made this app
When will be available Google Assistant in Spanish?
Doesn't show most of my devices most of the time.
The older version was easier to connect, why fix something when it's not broken.
It can not find my Chromecast.
Please add the possibility to change the speed of the video!
Man I love my Chromecast it's like having a55" cell phone
Its the best for smart tvs but tried to get on the internet so that needs fixed
App wont even let me sign in.
I love my Mini it's Fun
app isn't responding to aclicks in the settings menu
Fanyly came Google home mini
i cant cast youtube.. come on.. pls fix this..
I think this is a part of me now
would not detect any devices
Screen casting is not happening with Audio
It always disconnect from my phone
Please put this on my computer please
Device could not connect to home wifi network. Did not even ask for password.
b'I think this is the best thing ever??????????????????'
New version doesn't save shortcuts
Sport out the shopping list. Get it to remember that you want playlists shuffled
Will not connect most of the time.
I can run everything I need to with this.
Can't retrain her to my Voice
It's great a little complex the microphone doesn't work pls fix that
Anycast plus not found. pending this app.
Donde puedo contactar a soporte tcnico?
Keeps disconnecting. REPEATEDLY. PLEASE FIX!
After few time sound of video automatically gone pls check the issue
Y U NO play, "beginning 2" from minecraft!
b'The best thing i buy ever so amazing and easy to use ????????'
Have to reset about 90% of the time
Waiting for support / speech in Dutch
Works only 50% of the time!
Probably best I don't. What a non intuitative time waster
Still no widget support
Cant setup Chromecast, never finds the device. Through laptop finds it easily
Can't cast my device anymore.
It's awesome while using it don't while away your time benefit from it
It dissent work
Youtube on my tv!
It's awesome, I love how I get to connect my phone to the tv
Out won't connect at all
I like the simplicity. Thank you.
Struggles to find the Chromecast
Never wants to work
Very bad app
Having trouble viewing
Only works when it wants too
I just got the site
I s not working
Can not make cells
grear lg mp260 +
Easy to use and I love it.
It sucks .sort it out
Screen mirroring not working
Unable to connect to the device
Buggy app full of commercials
Half baked potato
cannot play music
enters setup dialog permanently
Always connection issues
Too hard to understand
Austin Texas awesome cheetta Bell mian cheetta keep up or get left
screencast does not connect
Love the opportunity to use my Chromecast I have a deep seeded love for my Chromecast
Its good but keyboard doesn't work on mi box 3
Brilliant, works well!
Can't stream websites I used to..
This gadget is fun to work with to listening to music on it & everything else to do with.
It is a Good smart speaker. However, I expected more from Google.
It's just amazing. The level of control is awesome I love it.
Won't cast after update.
"... Set ,up.!. chromecast. Home...device and chrome. Control features got. Showtime two..."
Could work with the app show box would make viewing better
Worked great on my Edge, doesn't work for my 8+...smh
Its a very easy 2 use app and gives me info
Use it every day I absolutely can't live with out it.
Where can i add ewelink device or sonoff device???
Good app, plz add Jio tv in Chromecast Thanks.
Inconsistent quality.
A like!
I loved it. it was amazing because it's just a connector from the phone to the Mini.
Awesome feature that is simply easy to listen to music with the touch of a button.
Can you add the ability to adjust voice volume and music volume separately
Connectivity can be a beautiful thing!
Couldn't get passed verification code App difficult to load
Takes ages to load.
Can't enroll..... but others can on same device!!
Terrible update.
Couldnt detect google home mini. Casting is great tho
Shyt suckz
Can't cast to s8
Cast mirroring not working my mob. F3 plus
It`s Great!!!
It doesn't work consistently, actually most of the time
I think it is a great app
It's lagging
Where is the cast icon?
cant connect to chromecast
Meh its alright
It works a lot
Use it ery dai
b'\xd8\xa7\xd9\x86 \xd8\xb1\xd8\xa7\xd9\x85\xdb\x8c \xd9\xbe\xd8\xb3\xd9\x86\xd8\xaf\xd9\x85'
Nothing works in Australia
It funshins well
Will not connect
Thank yiu bri
Poor control options
Kabhi nahi khridna....bakhwas h
It helps really
We'll see !!!
b"Is good i love it so much Google home it's cool ????????"
I love this thing !
Does not help at all...
I'd give a five ONLY if it was VPN compatible
Great little app for all your Chromecast needs.
Found this app fine i was setting up gogle mini
When will you optimize fore Note 8
I love my Chromecast and this app is very helpful
Real nice device easy to function and manually use
I liked it better before the update now it sucks
Keeps disconnecting.
I love this app cuse I got Google home
Make my standard tv goes to smart tv instantly
Excellent products and software. Even better customer service.
Amazing product of Google family. Must have for everyone.
It is a proven for sophisticated technology improvement. Ramanand
Works!
Angas!
Just wish the newer model was easier to install.
Won't connect
App works 70% of the time without problems
won't launch
Love. It
Microphone issue on 2 different S8s
Superrrrrrrrrrrr, love it ,thank you very much!
It's the greatest speaker known to man!
Amazing but slow to setup ...
Must-have
I'm black
FIX THE NO CAST ICON ISSUE
I walked in a tree but I am fine
Love this thing!
excellent for streaming!
Me and my fiance thinks it's great.
Needs more work
The app is great
Great home Google user experience.
Works pretty good I like it
Would like to get beta version
Could be 1 million times better
Love it my new cable lol
Very fantastic mind blowing device
Its Best Google App Ever
Good but takes a lot of storage
This is the Best app on my phone
Lacking compatibility
Helpful with multi device management!
Not working
Test and see
So so
Flaky as hell
Satellite television
b'\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xdb\x8c \xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa'
Lovers I
Its Ok
Amaze balls
Connection essuu
It sucks
Works well
b'\xd8\xb2\xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xd9\x87 \xd8\xb2\xd9\x8a\xd9\x83\xd9\x85'
Will notwork
Oh yeah
Really useful.
b"It's nice and it works I'm out????"
Simple to use and helpful tips.
Very useful
Very unreliable
It's good
Hi goof
Much better than previous versions.
Its stupid
To slow
It's great, beret than, Alexa
Performance issues
Horrible to use
I love my little Skynet. :)
connectivity issues
I think it's very good
A great tool for the office!!!
Boss love you ... always love ....boss Google application ...
Good app I like it.
Easy and user friendly.vert detailed.
So far so good.
Easy to use great layout
I thought it was really Good
He is very nice app
Very good I like
Awesome get no matter what
Awesome app for home control
Really amazing useful app
Excellent connection. Love it!!!
Excellent tool,to view tv,
I like it.. Great Work.
I think it's awesome.
Greate google with Fibaro.
Very concise instructions.
Simply a MUST HAVE.
THE SUPREME WARRIOR - ii - -
Neat little gadget.
Really great tool,
Fav.
It's great aap
It's very good
So this feels good ?
I love it!
Works perfect!
Classic device... Loved it
I love it!!
b"It's great! ??"
I worked good
all the Best co
Better then Alexa
I love this app
Nice one and thanks
Very user friendly
It is very nice
This is a very good
Its so good
Thanks for the best service
nicely done google
simple but gr8
Needs to do more
Amzaing Holy mole
Very cool app
It works great
Very nice app
Its very good
Good lovely usefull
Its awsome i love it
Great little device
I love chromecast
I LOVE IT
Is useful
Is awesome
Excellent app
Very helpful
Blah ..
Entertaining to watch.
Adequate to the task.
Easey
Scheisse
No
A.n.u
Love it. thanks
Meh
Thanks
Gg
Buggy
Ossom
This is awesome.
Ok
wow
b"?????????????? one of Googel's best app by far..."
Goog
Ok
Shut
Thanks
b'\xda\x86\xd8\xb1\xd8\xaa'
Suoooooper
Adhc
Nicooo
b'\xd8\xae\xd9\x88\xd8\xa8'
OK
yo
Alii
High
Exc
Sucks
Giggety
review
Hello
wow
Super
it's very good
It's brilliant
Its beautiful:
It's great.
Easy to use.
Easy to use.
Easy to use.
It's Great
It's great
Great app.
It's great
It's good
b'?? Simply FANTASTIC ??'
Nice!
b'??????'
Used to be good...
Nice movie:)
Awesome!
Awesome!!
Easy to use
Its good
good app
It is better
Just great
Great app
Good app
I love it
i think it is good
Nice good for
Very good
I love it
Very good
Easy and complete
Very love
Awesome app
Nice gadget
Its fine
Good application
It is good
Simply superb
Works perfect
Pretty good
Kinda cool
Good app
Just amazing
It good
All right
Great app
Great app
Great app
useless
shite
Useless
Rubbish
Hate this
b'??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????'
b'Outstanding ??'
b'?? love it'
Luv it.
Good.
Lovely
Superb
Best....!!
Excited...
Loved it
Loved it
Good
Helpfull
Nice
Wonderful
good
Good
Good
Fantastic
Good
Good
Great
Better
Fine
Good
Good
Nice
Awesome
Awesome
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Nice
Luv it
Awesome
Cool
Good
Awesome
Good
Great
Love it
Good
Good
Loved it
Excellent
Awesome
Love it
Good
Good
Best
Beautiful
Good
Awesome
Loved it
Gooooood
Great
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Great
Love
Good
Good
Good
Great
Love it......
No longer connects to chromecast, when selecting cast to device nothing happens, other apps connect to my chrome cast but not Google Home. Update.. fixed app a few weeks ago, worked fine up until today and now it won't connect again. What is going on Google??? Come on guys!!!
Rubbish won't connect and says my email address doesn't exist
Does not work well with chromcast any longer. The update destroyed a wonderful program.
FIX IT FOR LENOVO TAB 10 PLEASE A WASTE OF MONEY
Its full of bug, i cannot link my smart devices.
I can't connect chromecast 2 to my tv .... Error is no device found..
unfortunately my android was unable to stream the audio live :(
b"Not opening correctly and can't set up Chromecast ??"
I don't like that it forces updates and becomes non functional if you don't update.
Idk if this is a real app from Google Play store
s place is a total inspiration everywhere u look ! the service is genuine.
Awesome great cool nice wonderful lovely okay
Just get it.
Casting problem
confusing app
I like it like that
Great app
REALLY
ok
Sucks
It's amazing
Really good
Easy to use
Cool
Good
... when it works is amazing but that is not possible when you try to cast anything out of GOOGLE ENVIROMENT, I mean apps or sites that belong to GOOGLE as youtube, spotify.... so, I give it 0 points... not worth to spend 35  when you can buy ROKu for example where you can play anything from any device without any restriction so... what the point buying Chromecast ?? As upset that I'm gonna sell it in 10 , as I have never beem a swindle as others....
It was working fine till yesterday 26/6/2018. Now I think development manager should be hanged
I've got a Frigidaire device, a nest, a Roku, and Bluetooth lights. It found none of them. Doesn't seem like this works at all
My linked devices are not seen. Even after master rest of all devices and routers the same problem exists. Defeats the purpose of having Chromecast and home.
It's crashing my Asus routers
Keeps disconnecting from my WiFi. Does not work more often than it does. Alexis is much better.
Good (VERY) but i wish it had google assistant for 4.4.3 and earlier.
Freezes up often
ABM OVERSEAS (PVR) LIMITED
Doesn't work
I love it right now
Thank you so much !
The it's great!
Nice app
Outstanding
great
S not connecting to my chromecast device
The worst experience that i had. Always it is saying the casting was ended. This week i have a lot of problems with my phone and my wifi, this app was turning on and off the switch of wifi in the settings of my phone. In that moment i was crazy, but finally i have decided to uninstall this app to fix this. PLEASE FIX THIS APP. I WAS NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO HAD THE SAME PROBLEM WITH GOOGLE HOME
Used to work flawlessly. I have invested in 4 devices. Now it can't even find its own, previously setup Devices. Thanks Google. Why would i fall for all the up sale apps you offered when i can't even connect. Reading recent ratings,everyone is having same problem. I have spent hours re configuring my network, devices and Chromecast, but it is not me but this crappy app.
Worked at first, but the new Google Home update kicked out my CHROMECAST. Now, my Chrome cast won't work. It doesn't detect my chromecast 10ft away. Hello, GOOGLE INC.?! What's going on? I was singing your praises, and now it's different. I've followed all of your support steps and then some. What's going ON!?
Disappointed!!! Play library should be viewable from multiple devices at a time.
Not Stable app, I am loosing connection a lot, especially using youtube, hard to reconnect, haven't to uninstall and install app over again, unoing It's annoying.
I don't like the fact that every time I'm doing something while the tv is connecting to the Chromecast. It connects to the Internet as well which it disconnects me. Every time.
Don't waste your money buying chromecast device , there's no support for iptv streams . Garbage!
You can cast up to anything you can cast up tablets smartphones speakers with this Google home screen there's TV shows videos games all type of stuff
Works like intended sometimes. Other times it either fails to connect or the cast option is buggy on the casting device and needs to be restarted. Pretty shoddy product for the price.
Unable to get set up. Keeps saying account already exists... If it already exists log me the hell in. Tried for hours. Played with my settings, restarted, etc. Nothing works. What a POS.
b"A={2018}-&gt;M\xc2\xa3N(#1.MY??TW?? KID'S + MY FAMILIA.!!!) WE ALL NEED T????\xe3\x80\xb0??%HELP CHILDREN W??RLD??WIDE + VET'S NEITHER ONE SH??ULD EVER GO HUNGRY & OR HOME??LESS????????\xe2\x8f\xb3\xe2\x9c\x8c\xe2\x8c\x9b"
Was forced to update and now it force closes upon starting, rendering it unusable. Thanks Google!
It connects in my phone but not in my tablet but it is a very good app
Works sometimes acts like my phone isnt connected to it
It's having problems mirroring netflix
New update now its not working right, not connecting to devices
You can't cast anyone? 27 June 18
No more mirroring feature for galaxy note 8
b'Not working?? on sony bravia kdl95d'
Not working for Mi A1
Always having trouble with it
Amazon fire stick is better
Won't install
Can't connect
Is good when you don't have a cable
It is easy to use thare no ads
It's really good app and device.
I'm at work
Make it work for tblets please
Sucks
AnyCast
Jjj
Great when it actually works
Best app ever
Fantastic app.
Easy to use.
It's great
Works great
Realy good
All good
Oo amazing
Its good
Very nice
Really good
Good
Great
Love it
love it
I am very disappointed. Everytime I would turn on my TV I would have to factory reset the device behind my TV (unplugging it didn't work, I could only fix it by reaching behind my TV and holding the button down for 30 seconds) Even though it would show they were on the same network. This is extremely annoying and hasn't been fixed for many months despite trying everything it says.
Garbage! These things barely work and by the time they understand what you are saying, you may as well just walked over and turned the light on with the switch. Plus, do you really want Google listening to everything that is said in your house?
Useless app. Good luck getting it to connect to your Google devices like Chromecast. Can't find my devices in my home no matter what. Garbage
Keeps disconnecting n it does not recognize my two devices since I added the second one. Very disappointed!!!
Don't waste your money. The thing works only when it wants to.
It sucks. My chromecast stopped working and then it stopped showing up as one of my linked devices.
Why do I need an account for this. And why do I need to enable mij gps. What boolshit is this. I just want to show my pictures (That are on my phone) on a schreen with a chromecast.
Not compatible with Samsung or any other Smart Tv's. Only for Chromecast.
I love this
Won't let me go beyond sign in page stating this email is already exists on the device
Plshlep
b'\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xd9\x84\xd9\x87 \xd9\x8a\xd8\xad\xd8\xb1\xd9\x82 \xd8\xaf\xd9\x85\xd9\x83\xd9\x88 \xd8\xb2\xd9\x8a \xd9\x85\xd8\xad\xd8\xb1\xd9\x82\xd8\xaa\xd9\x88 \xd8\xaf\xd9\x85\xd9\x8a \xd9\x84\xd8\xa7 \xd9\x8a\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb5\xd9\x84 \xd9\x84\xd8\xa7 \xd9\x8a\xd8\xaa\xd8\xb5\xd9\x84 \xd8\xa8\xd8\xa7\xd9\x84\xd9\x82\xd8\xb7\xd8\xb9\xd8\xa9 \xd8\xac\xd9\x88\xd8\xac\xd9\x84 \xd9\x83\xd8\xa7\xd8\xb3\xd8\xaa \xd9\x85\xd9\x86\xd9\x83\xd9\x85 \xd9\x84\xd9\x84\xd9\x87'
Have a note 8 but apparently it's not compatible....
G ood
Its ok
Excellent Service
Useful
It's stopped work after an updated? Asking to login with new account always
Its always disconnecting , I have high speed internet but it still disconnects.
Logging into this app is a nightmare
Set Google search on my home screen
crashes every time
I think home is fine, but I wish chromecast still had an app of its own.
Fab
Nice
This app used to work perfectly on my old phone but since ive switched to the galaxy note 8, this app no longer works. Ive tried several times to connect to my device and it will say "connecting..... ", immediately followed by "casting ended". Ive tried reinstalling. Restarting my phone. Ive even emailed the help service at least 3 or 4 times, and have yet to hear anything. Im uninstalling until this is fixed. Its been over 6 months and the app still has not been updated to be compatible with the new andriod update. Im disappointed in Google for being so negligent
I don't usually write reviews, but I am so frustrated with Google right now. I usually love Google products, but this is getting silly. My google home is not linking to me anymore. It thinks I am my 3 year old daughter and it won't play any music from my google account. I don't think I'm dumb, but I just spent the last 2 hours trying to update my voice and it still thinks I'm my daughter. Come on! This is ridiculous! Now it won't even connect. Why did I spend money on a Google speaker if it won't work?
One of the worst apps! Has way too many issues, and the devices themselves are nothing but a headache. Google has completely lost my business!
App install stuck at 5.57 mb. Cant use it.
Should have been with a light controler, Google
SUCKS!!
The more I learn the more I like
It's good in home
Ok
Nah
Good app
Garbage
Love it
Most of the time it works great but sometimes the cast feature doesn't work at all. That goes for all the apps I have that allow casting. I really love it when it works but the times when it doesn't really sucks and is very frustrating. Two months later and it has gotten worse. Neither of our phones will cast anything ever. It's ridiculous! Google makes it looks so effortless and easy but when it doesn't it really doesn't. I'm a Google everything person but this simple platform makes me wanna switch to something that might actually cast
I have to Uninstall then reinstall the application a lot to get chromecast devices to be seen. And I have 3 that are never showing yet no one else has issue in the home.
terrible app does not do anything it said the streaming audio is off. you can't watch Netflix once it messes up and then you have to reboot your phone if you want to try again but it will probably mess up in the first few minutes
I've been trying to connect my lights to the app but keeps on saying successfully linked without showing the actual plug
Constantly saying no Chromecast available to cast screen even after 3 factory resets and it setting up successfully
It was working ok and then stoped Screan mirroring??
Unable assign devices to rooms
Never works. Google sucks.
Nothing much really
"Accout already active", "Can't find account" garbage app
Hacking tool
It's great and has great quality
Very good gadget and application
Thanks
Thngz
Good app
Excellent
Great
This more gmt +8 time "no compatible devices were found on your network" tried to uninstall and reinstall the app i even factory reset my cast device and restart my router nothing. Anyone can explain me the problem?
b'Still disconnects after update ??'
Horrible don't work for HTC desire.
This device works good for my apps for my Chrome
I HAVE BEEN FED UP with ALL GOOGLE PRODUCTS & APPS!! It seems the more apps we install, the MORE we need to INSTALL in order for the previous COMMUNICATION app installed to work. GOOGLE LLC takes more of my time & CA$H than $hould be nece$$ary! Aren't YOUR investors RICH ENOUGH?!!
Used 2 b good! Now won't even find my device! If it does it keeps disconnecting! Trash, going 2 something else!!! What a waste!
I have to keep resetting Chromecast ultra everyday and uninstall this app and reinstall to get it to regonise the ultra.
awesome
Great
Use to work now I can't do a thing about casting the screen so it's now pointless seems others have had the same issue tbh
I UNINSTALL THE APP BECAUSE I CAN'T MIRRORING LIKE I USE 2 I DON'T KNOW WHY GOOGLE CHANGE THE APP.THIS SUCKS I USE TO HAVE THE APP FOR LONG TIME N NOW I DON'T WANTED ANYMORE BECAUSE IT WAS BETTER BEFORE
CHROMECAST CONSTANTLY DISCONNECTING FROM WIFI N DOESN'T CONNECT BACK TO THE WIFI CONNECTION
Google, can you be real for five minutes? Fake, fronting, fictitious flattery
Won't stop saying down load pending
Crashing before I can even login
I want it the way it was!!!! I HATE CHANGE!!! OBAMA!!!!! STOP CHANGING THINGS, WHEN IT ALREADY WAS WORKING!!! NOW ITS NOT WORKING!!!
Is a Google home app WHAT DO YOU EXPEC
Love that I can cast from my phone. But half the time it wont connect.
Keeps disconnecting.
I approve
Excellent for all devices!
Good when it works right
Work's good
Too good
Lit
Connecting. Disconnecting. Broke a good app. Thanks for ruining my experience.
Could not get it to cast to my Chromecast and mirror my phone.
Does not support a router that requires a password. Absolutely useless
Constant connection issues and inability to control more than one Chromecast device
excellent ...
Complete POS. WHATEVER, GOOGLE!!! Give me back my Chromecast app!!!!!! Sick of you selling my demographics to the highest bidder.
I downloaded it and bought a mini for music alarm, all ads and info said it worked, not once does it say only in the USA. Considering switching to Alexa and amazon music as they have had this service, this obvious and easy to build service for over 6 months.
Can't connect to Chromecast after update. Google , get urself together. I wrote better app back in college
Voice recognition is not good at all my friend have Amazon echo which sound goods instant results as well as voice recognition is best
Greet app
I love it
Best
Don't download, as soon as I did I wasn't able to cast from my phone anymore. Everything I searched for online to figure out the problem pointed to this app being the culprit. I uninstalled and casting works again. That's my story.
crashes samsung s4 touchwiz ui on each cold boot. uninstall to fix.
Can't live without it!
I think it's good
No.no
It's cool
Worst
Some days the cast screen option never works. The help page is useless as well. When it works it's great but spend most of the time trying to get it to connect
Viewing Chromecast pics messed up. Previously I was able to see random pics from my Google Photo album and from Google. Now I can only select one or the other or experimental. Please fix this. It is beyond me why Google continues to change and mess up things that are working perfectly.
Needs location services to work? Come on Google, do better. Take that intrusive permission away. Setup using PC doesn't need location services.
Completely useless.
It good
Good
Chromecast (old or new version) is now a total pain in the rear. After a huge amout if fiddling with it (EACH USE), the only things that cast are Netflix and YouTube. PREVIOUSLY , it cast everything with NO hassles- as it should. Please bring back a Chromecast only app instead of this horrible google everything useless software.
I uninstalled this app on my phone because I never used it but it's still on it somewhere. I can't find it. It slows my phone when my kids use the chrome cast and there is nothing I can do. Other than that it works great.
I really don't want to keep using space on my phone. But I am worried that if I don't, it will affect other apps I use. So more space, has to go. Cheers Google. How many more updates does an app need. Its becoming a joke. It seems that you(Google) are forever updating your various apps. You basically become the phones only apps, as I have had to disable some apps to accommodate your updates, to create more space. I know that you are trying to improve things. But be fare, some of your apps are unbelievably massive. Plz try to change this, as it's becoming a real pain in the arse.!!!!
I'm using Samsung S8+ running 7.0. Chromecast Screen Cast (Mirror Cast) function does NOT work (disconnect immediately) even w the microphone permission turned on for Google Play service. Please advice!
Too many pop up adversity when receive the text never before what happen?
Poorly done
It won't work anymore. Not worth any stars...
Super
Good
Chrome cast stop working. It was working fine till night of 26th June 2018. It is surprise to note that the CAST symbol also disappeared from the web screen and as well as from youtube . I tried all the known gimmicks but vain. Reinstalled the complete application as if I have received unpacked new unit. None of my subterfuge yielded any result............ Can anybody help me to restore the Chromecast application please?
I try to use it to cast screen. It fails so regularly it's unbelievable. I'm ready to throw away my current gen Chromecast, since it's worthless. (Yes, permissions are enabled for everything and power saving is off)
It's screwed, won't play won't connect to anything now. Do not buy now even worse with the latest update its useles on my htc and my sons samsung. Complete and utter balls up. Another crappy upgrade simply will not connect to anything a waste of money.
Chromascast is disconnect now after years of use and I can't connected again so I downlaod this app just to waste my time
It took over a year to even get my Chromecast to work and now with the last update its a marketplace for movies and stuff, weird. And for people who lose connection, hit the cast icon on your app again and your show/movie will come back up.
Streaming to Chromecast was an abysmally poor experience. The rest of this app is just more noise foisted on Android users.
It's an awesome app but every time I have to connect to a new wifi connection the instruction seem vague and inconsistent
It keeps on disconnecting and I have to reboot every time
I like to cast videos of chicken nuggets onto the TV.
There is no cast screen option for using chromecast.
Hurry up and load
Won't find my wi-fi
Gucci gang app
G the most amazing
Great app.
Lovely app
To much boost controle, apps always pop up,,,,virus apps sweep apps just to much 4 someone that dose not knowmuch about Computers
Tried using it on travel without success. Got home and plugged it in....now it won't work with the TV it was originally used on. Yeah- I've used the FAQs and other DYI page's. Nadda...zilch...nothing
b"Crashed It's crashed numerous of times and the cast screen button it's stuck on disconnect worst Google App I've ever came across ??????"
I agree with all said in former reviews. Bitterly disappointed.
It was great then now is garbage
It's Google. It's awesome. Wish you could teach AI
It good
great job 
It wouldn't install.
It is awesome
Spent an hour trying to connect my Chromecast to my new 5G Network just to find out 5g is not compatible. If I have to buy a new device it will not be a chromecast.
chrome cast was a waste of my hard earned money. i will stick with roku, firestick or any knock off brand caster before i buy anything else chrome. i wish there was a option for no stars.
A dinosaur in the game.. We deleted the program and threw the chrome cast in the trash.
Cannot cast android phone to cjromecast