We had one Nest for awhile and really liked it. The app was a great selling feature. When it was time to get a new A/C, we paid extra to get a Nest for that system. Now, with the most recent updates, the app just spins and spins. I have uninstalled several times to see if it would help. Nope. Nada. Zilch. I am about ready to uninstall it totally until Nest can figure out the issue that many of us are having. It's a lot of money to spend for a key component to not work.
Keeps enabling home away even after turning it off daily for the last week. "Cause it can't reach my phone that's on the same WiFi network. Walking up freezing cold in a house with a baby. About to sell my best to someone and but an old school panel.
Since the last update (Oct 3) the problem of the app spinning and spinning while waiting for something to happen seems to be resolved, but the cameras sure do take a long time to load. My wifi signal is strong and I'm running Pie on all of my devices. The two cameras are are in good range of the router so I can only blame the app for being slow.
I've been using nest for a few months now and each update has lowered its capabilities. The talk back feature has become barely audible camera side, the video quality has gone from hd to a pixelated mess and now I can't view live video, it just spins. How are you continuing to make such a mess of what was a fantastic product? Please fix this or I find a new security system.
It's a useful app, as far as controlling the thermostat goes. Easy to use. My only grip is on how it handles additional temperature sensors. Rather than adjusting the thermostat based on average across sensors, it assigns the temperature from a sensor based on very rigid time brackets. This makes some room always too hot and other too cold. Can be smarter.
The home/away assist feature is not as good as I had thought. I paid 150 for the camera and $50 for the camera to record and store footage of my dogs. The camera will not turn on and record when we are gone even when there is motion and my wife and I have brand new phones with the location settings turned on.
Live view only works on home screen. Talk feature and person motion notifications no longer function. Auto responses work but are more often garbled. Maybe allow user to record own voice for responses. Solid black screen in full screen mode when trying to view live mode or when someone has rang doorbell. Data and cache were deleted and account resigned into. Problems started after Oct 3rd update
Not getting notifications until 5-10 minutes after the fact. Still the same problem, and now notifications arent loading up and cameras are saying they're offline when they're not. Also, live view on the same wifi as the cameras just give perpetual loading.
This app works well on my phone, with the occasional bug but due to a recent update, I no longer am able to view pictures/videos from Samsung watch. I agree with a previous contributor stating that with each update, a feature/capability is removed. Not good Nest, please fix or I may have to go with another product from a competitor.
Why has this app become so buggy? This app worked great a few months ago, but clicking the camera comes up with a black screen. It takes about 10 seconds to load a video when it used to be almost instant. And we still don't have picture in picture.
Since update the app keep messing up...one moment I can see live feed next I can't see anything also not getting notification like suppose...I try default rest works find then back to not seeing anything.I know wifi not the issue because everything else in house works... would give a 5 star if issue is fix...
I switched from Honeywell Thermostat to Nest E hoping it will be better. I had the Honeywell for 2 years without any issues. 2 days with Nest E already experiencing issues. The temperature readings are way off, therefore my A/C is running a lot more with Nest E.
Have had the 1st gen thermostat for years-since first issued. Have had 3rd gen for just over 3 months now am getting "offline" repeatedly despite having a solid wifi signal. Nothing changed on my end, please either fix or roll back the last update until this is resolved. I am really irritated that i am trying to reset the thermostat or having to set the temp manually in thr middle of the night. 2 stars: 1 star because this is now very bad and 1 because I want to be optimistic. Another day or two of this shenanigans, that rating may have to change.
This app is the worst. Not only does it take FOREVER to load (even on a fast WiFi connection) but it also notifies me after the fact. Meaning someone rang my door bell and stood there for a good 3 minutes, and then left, that's when this stupid app decides to notify me.
From last one month app is just spinning and not losing any thing in the screen. I need to think twice for nest products now. Waited for more than acceptable time to write a feedback need to know I need to switch to other thermostats in stead waiting for lousy app
The app has been great for the past two years. Now after the last updates is buggy and create issues with my heating and fan spinning. Don't use it until Google figure it out.
Two years and the app still has the same bugs and problems, except it seems to be getting worse. Now the camera hardly ever switches on when I leave the house, and if I switch it on manually it will switch itself off again and not switch on again automatically. It is unreliable and useless as a security camera. It is now nothing more than a novelty.
Just bought a thermostat and smoke detector ever since I installed the app my battery has been draining extremely fast so I uninstalled it to see if this app was the problem sure enough battery lasted like before I installed the app... was considering buying security cameras but unsure now please fix
The Nest Thermostat was in the house when we bought it two years ago. I loved it up until about a month ago and the app stopped working. Now I hate it because I can't control it from the app. Please fix this app!
Please add option to add one-click widgets to actions. Unlocking the door and turning off the alarm is very cumbersome and time consuming. Adding tiles to Android's quick settings would also be great!
It is really sad that this app does not load properly or even let you know someone is at the door, sometimes takes 10 minutes or so after someone was at my door for it to let me know. then app won't load when I open the app. Used to be good till last update
Works for controlling temp manually, but the home/away assist function that relies on location data is inconsistent at best. I've ensured location info is on and have tried using it with two different phones over the last year and nothing makes it work reliably.
App stopped working 10/5. Goes offline every 2 minutes since 10/5. My wifi is working perfectly. It's your app that is the problem. Gonna sell and go with Arlo instead.
The app worked great with my outside camera for several months. The last several days though and I can't review video, it just spins and spins. I think they updated for improvement and broke it.
Whatever new update you guys did is not working. I cant watch video clips of when someone or something has activated the camera. Frozen screen and black screen. But it does show the thumbnail of something or someone being there
It would be great if the app actually worked on my phone especially when I'm trying to check something In the Heat of the Moment and it doesn't even load it just keeps doing the stupid circle of annoyance
b'Could do with more enhancementd on the Nest Thermostat. Eg if it showed a clock ?? face with weather forecast as you approach the device. My postcode is not even recognised! Alerts that we are switching ON the heating when outside or away.'
This is mostly for the camera/doorbell part. The app/service doesn't recognize every object/car going through my driveway. No alerts and no events in the app. However when scrolling through the timeline i can pull up the scene of the car driving through. This happens approx. 10% of the time. Also there are tons of false alarms. Such as major lighting change during the day. They trigger either a person alarm or a motion alarm. Pretty sad situation if you ask me. I paid couple hundred dollars for the Nest Hello and pay 5 dollars a month for the service. What is Nest/Alphabet doing with their AI technology?!?! This camera/doorbell should be working better.
Since the last update, I cannot get the app to finish loading. The circle just spins. I love the app when it's working, but I think there was an issue with the last update.
Update: I came here because my doorbell camera keeps going offline expecting an update. I have a doorbell and indoor Nest cam but I only subscribe to the doorbell (prices way too high). Multiple times during the day and night only the door camera goes off making a audible clicking noise with the video image resuming from a dark to normal lighting. It's strange the camera I pay for keeps going offline. This is a first time buy but I think next upgrade I'll look elsewhere for security cameras. Easy to use and I like having all Nest devices under one app very convenient.
The app used to be great, but now it's garbage. It only opens maybe 1 in 10 times, and pretty much never recognizes when I'm home to turn off eco mode.
App constantly fails to connect to my thermostat. Forced to use the webpage all of the time now! 2 months later, it still is not working! I was thinking about adding nest cameras, but not if the app STILL does not load!!
Ok. Now three months in with the Nest. Things like this are becoming mandatory in the UK so this was a case of having to buy a smart 'stat rather than being beguiled by it. Annoying things: (1) - set it to come on at 7am and you wake up sweating in bed at 6am as it tries to get the house to temperature for that time. So turned off the default the "heat ahead" function to zero hours. (2) The help pages say that if you go out it waits a while before it turns off the heating in case you come back. Why not just switch it off there and then? If you return to the house in a short time it will still be warm. If you are going out and not coming back why would you want to heat the house for more than a second? I have to turn it off a yway as I'm not the only persob living in the house. (3). It keeps losing contact with the boiler. If you press the button it re-establishes that contact so why can't it just try without you having to ask it? Not that smart is it? (4) Unless you live a very predictable life-style the "learning" function is useless. I program ours manually. (5) Really, the only smart thing about this is you can turn it on and off remotely.
Let's me answer the door anywhere I happen to be. Also has the best recorded video quality I've seen amongst competitors.
Stopped working so it defeats the purpose of app. Can only control manually. The new update messed everything up. We have it installed in two separate addresses and both are not working
Can't view nest hello live feed with lastest updates for some reason. Just sits there with a spinning circle
Can't connect to cameras live view. It works from a web browser though. Been having this issue for that last couple of updates.
Nest Hello streamed great, but can no longer see live feed, which makes it impossible to talk to someone at the door. Pixel 2 xl
The Home Away Assist is unreliable at best. The app acknowledges my phone is away and no activity is in the house but will not switch to "Away" mode.
App is fine when using WiFi at home. As soon as I leave the house and use mobile data it won't connect. Update: works fine now so five stars.
would like the original nest cam outdoor to be updated with faster Wifi chip and image quality. I like the simple magnet attachment than the Nest Outdoor IQ screw-connection
Havent tried this update yet but thermostatxnest protect and nest temp sensors all work good however my Yale Lock no longer works because it reads offline. Spent hours and finally reset and the lock worked for 1 1/2 days and back offline again.
So much lag. Can't even load the live feed. Has pretty much rendered itself useless
I see a lot of bad reviews about the app and I have the same problem, never finishes loading and I'm not able to see footage. I don't understand why this hasn't been fixed yet. Looks like you don't care your costumers.
Worked till recently, now nothing. Wasn't a big fan before but now useless.
Galaxy S8 app doesn't respond to touch input. I have to tap the screen repeatedly and hope it turns thermostat on. Edit 10/4/18, the problem was fixed, works great again.
Since your last update, Oct 3 icon just spins and will not load at all. This happens on my tablet and phone, both androids.
Latest update is a disaster. Icon just sits and spins and never shows the camera. If I rotate the screen, I get the login prompt. I have to go to the Nest site to access my camera settings. Please fix this Nest.
Latest update has broken app shortcuts for me (Android Pie). Every shortcut just opens the app and not direct into the chosen thermostat or camera view
So many issues with the camera itself and also the app. I would have given 0 stars if there was an option to do so
The app is not working. It constantly goes into loading mode. The device controls work fine from web page
Still can't reorder cameras in Spaces view. Person notifications work fine now. Hello notifications in a couple of seconds.
Fix the app!!! What's the point of the app if you can't actually view real time live feed... Your most recent update broke things
I'm getting the spinning and spinning loading icon. Just got my nest. Not a good first impression. On a galaxy S9 so not the phone.
Inaccurate home away function. Nest couldn't get it fixed for years. As many as other Google companies snobby customer service.
Why the heck does the app now take forever to load? You've gone backwards in trying to improve the app.
The auto away feature, why I bought this product, is broken. Hasn't detected any phone since Day 1, please fix.
Since about 2 weeks ago my app no longer works and is useless. It sits on the loading screen and will not progress. Have reinstalled, didnt help. Please fix! Was a great app.
Only connects on data. Not on wifi. Known issue but not fixed.
The location service does not work. My nest does not detect that I am away. Defeats the purpose of the nest.
When the app hasn't been updated to work with Pie to indicate location it becomes worthless.
Last update fixed delay when loading / connecting to first gen Nest indoor camera.
NEST thermostat just ignores user settings and sets the temperature to whatever it wants. Stupid product. Hate it.
Cannot override Do Not Disturb mode on Android Pie. What a massive oversight.
Terrible, doesn't follow the phone so your always recording yourself when your home.
the camera quality was lowered. opening the app takes too much time. microphone doesn't work.
App now works!!! I'll give it a couple of days to see how the home/away function works. Thank you for fixing!
Sets itself, absolutely shocking, always on, house is always tooo warm. It really is an absolutely shocking bit of kit and app to boot
This app used to work fine. Now it only spins for eternity and never loads the video for the camera. I won't be adding any new cameras with this broken app.
Works great all the time, keep it under the eaves of the window or away from direct wind or you'll hear wind over the voices other than that its great.
Finally working good after October 3, 2018 update. Thanks!
Unable to load app since the 10/3 update.
App used to work good but all of my family members are having the same issue. App constantly spins and loads at launch.
It doesn't work. Logs me out doesn't let me reconnect
It has to be reset a lot which is a problem for people that travel a lot.
Not able to determine Home Away. Very annoying.
I forgot my password and difficult to get help
Hot Water - Schedule doesn't let me adjust to anything other than 30 minute windows?!?!? Please make this more granular.
Works great with this latest update. Thank you!
Why does Nest get worse instead of improving?
Camera not detecting motion please fix it
After update app keeps crashing
It's not connecting with my phone anymore and I've reset my boxes, phone and everything. Really anything 3
Newest update means loading the app on my gs8 takes FOREVER. If it even does load. Fix this please!
App keeps turn on my bluetooth even though I don't open the app
Cannot login, keeps spin f**ken sux
Home/Away automatic on/off mode no longer works, please fix
App doesn't work.
I've been using 2 of these at our house for about a year and they work flawless
The app is dead easy to use, I've had no problems at all.
Simply the best home security products in the market. The app is amazing and easy to use.
Doesnt login super buggy
Can't view cameras on wear os.
Awful product and app
App getting disconnected
Was great until last uodate and now it doesnt work
Nest thermostat is simply excellent. App and ease if use is amazing.
Newest update not working
Nothing will load
Works very well
Best out there Imo...which is only 1 that matters haha
Everything about the Nest app and products are outstanding.
Very easy to use in Android watch.
Why still no hot water boost via alexa ?
In bh
Remote controlled heating/cooling
Nest Cams are great!
Best security camera ever
Great App and product.
Just the best app
Great app
This app was great until the past few months, now the home away feature no longer works based on my phones location. Example, today I had to manually set it to away at work. When I get home my downstairs thermostat flips off eco and my kitchen camera turns off, like it should. But my upstairs thermostat doesn't, then later on my camera comes back on for some reason, and the app states away still. Please get it together Google, and fix the the home away option not detecting I'm away. I'm using a Pixel XL 2, which is a Google phone, so I shouldn't be having this problem!
The app itself is fine, it accurately mirrors the Nest devices and organizes it all for you. My chief complaint is that there arent any widgets. I use the app for my thermostat and would prefer a home screen widget that gives some quick I fo and co trolls without having to launch into the full app.
The Nest ecosystem is great. I have the Thermostat and it's amazing for scheduling temperature changes for sleeping and waking. The Away feature is very nice as it helps save power through the hottest part of the day. My only issue is that it has trouble detecting my location and the precool feature doesn't work properly. The thermostat is supposed to turn on before I get home so that the house is nice and cool but that doesn't work.
Update. 28th Sept 2018. With the introduction of having the option to have motion active on all devices within which ever profile used. The ability to change alarm times on each device.. this is now a fantastic system and app. Well done nest... The app is OK but suffers constant freezing and force closures.
Worst App and will not connect to Nest thermostat. Even Customer Rep was not able to resolve the issue. Expected better quality service. But unethical blame game is the worst business to do with customers. I will not recommend Nest products to anyone
I have Nest guard with cams and doorbell. Notification latency is terrible. Cams frequently detect motion or person but capture nothing on camera. Still shots for doorbell are typically blurry. Apparently $250 isn't enough to let you view video playback. Just random shots with 3 hour history. Not worth it until issues are fixed. Maybe useful with full subscription but $700+ in hardware alone brings little value.
I love the nest products, it's the app that needs work. I love that they introduced the temperature sensor, but they limited the functionality such that it is nearly useless. You can only set morning midday, afternoon or evening, and none of those time tables line up with when I want certain rooms to be controlled... Why can you not do what every other smart thermostat company does and spot is, the users to set time based control on temperature sensor... Shane on you...
The app takes forever to load, sometimes it fails to load altogether. Doesn't help when you get an alert "your camera spotted someone" and you can't see what's going on!
b'App kicks ass! Nest cam ?? and doorbell is great. Really like the notifications with a short clip of the motion activity, but sometimes the clip does not capture the activity at the right time so i have to go into the app to view.'
Updated from 2 stars to 1 star, this is so frustrating, I can't view the cameras most of the time. If the app would connect it would be great. Once I added the cameras it connects only 10% of the time. I get better results using the web page.
The home away assist feature using phone location doesn't work properly. The app correctly thinks my phone is away from home but does not log the away event in the home away event history. As a result the cameras don't turn on. Quite unreliable. App is however easy to use and to navigate
The last month my app doenst even work on galaxy s9 plus. I sign in and it just spins around the house logo indefinitely. Wifes iPhone app works perfectly fine. Even tried uninstalling and downloading. Junk app
Nest indoor camera no longer works correctly. Is offline most of the time when I'm away and comes online and turns on when I'm home...useless! It used to work fine until a few updates ago
The app used to work great with just a gen 2 thermostat. I got a remote sensor and was disappointed by the crippling lack of functionality. The app gives you very few options how to use it - lazy software people? Now the home away assist doesn't ever work right and can't tell where my phone is on a regular basis. I've got a pixel 2 XL, the best phone that your company makes! Used to love my thermostat and the app was good, somehow it has only gotten worse.
Used to be fine, but the last few months have been terrible. The app won't load sometimes and when it does the video feed from the camera won't load most of the time. It's incredibly frustrating.
App is frequently very slow to load and often fails to load completely. Notifications of events including doorbell rings are frequently very delayed up to many minutes later even when I am at home on the same WiFi.
After update, home/away assist doesn't work any more, again. This feature is most definitely import for me, in order to save energy..
I love coming home to my Nest Thermostat set to the perfect temperature, and my cameras notifications turn on when I leave and off when I get home. I love having a set of eyes on the place and the ability to share a clip when necessary (or funny). Has come in handy a few times!
Notification problems Sometimes when i get a notification about my dropcam it doesn't show a snapshot in the notification shade of the camera image that triggered the alert. I then have to go into the app to see what triggered it. Please fix
The app does not work while connected to my home network. I have to switch to cellular. Searching the web reveals this has been going on for months with no resolution so far. I spent a lot of money on Nest products. Hope this is fixed soon.
After last update app no longer works on pixel XL. No more notifications or live view. Nest says they are aware. You are owned by Google but can make the app work on a Google branded phone?!? What! **Updated** working again
I can't give Nest 5 stars because I still can't believe after all these years they still refuse to build in a "hold" function. There are times where you'd like the temperature of one unit to hold at a lower temperature for a given time frame while guests are over for less than 24 hours. Kind of mind blowing.
Seems like others have been having the same problems with their doorbell/camera. All of a sudden today it started working well again with no app update. I think the problem was at Nests end and they may have solved it. Here's to hoping anyways.
This app used to work well with my thermostat but lately it seems to not connect and wants to spin for the longest before I can do anything. I also recently got a Nest camera that will not connect to my wifi no matter how many times I try. I feel like I have a product I can't properly use all due to glitches in the app.
Does mostly what it should. Just the away assistant is not very reliable. This is an important feature for me
Oreo update has ruined this app. Can't scroll now, it is greyed out. Fix please or I cancel
Hard to find assistance in looking through the menu. Not very user friendly in that regard. Tried to subscribe to the service, but it's not connecting properly to my account. I've opened a service ticket(which took time to find out how) and my issue is still unresolved.
App regularly requires rebooting to get it to connect to a camera. Many times I have to reboot the camera and other times it just straight up will not connect to a working camera. I know it's working because it notifies me of noise and has a recording but refuses to show live video. If you want a security camera that works all the time don't buy a nest.
Constantly trying to load buy never seems to finish. Worthless if you're not home to manually adjust the temp
Update broke the app, after the latest update it'll just sit on the loading screen, it'll notify of activity on the camera but will not load the app so basically this service is useless
Same complaint as everyone else...doesnt load. When you use the cameras as baby monitors, it's a huge problem.
If I want to login, I do this: go for a walk, make some coffee, check on the baby and then go back, the icon spin forever. A funny experience with the app? Set the phone horizontally when login. A Google company.
Great app although on some phone's you need to manually tweak battery saver and background data saver settings to ensure the home/away assist functionality is reliable. It would be better if the app was able to automatically apply the setting changes, if required.
Nest App is great to control the thermostat, however it fails to detect my phone when I'm at home and sets it to ECO mode...this is annoying.
Can't play any video from Nest Hello now. And on a separate note, Nest detects constantly go offline for no reason. Spent about a thousand dollars for a security system that doesn't work. And now cameras aren't working too. What's happening here?
Since updating on 9/20/2018, camera footage is extremely slow to load in app, if at all and is very frustrating
In the last month the app has been hanging on load, often perpetually. Can't use it if you can't load it. Happens on both accounts using pixel 2 xl android 9
Latest update broke home/away assist. My cameras don't turn on automatically anymore.
For some time now, after opening application the loader just spins and never loads. I know everything is connected because I can use my ADT app to change the temp..
This is not working in my Android Oppo R9 device. I'm not able to use Nest indoor camera.
Constant glitches and often just doesn't play live video.
Can't logon using app after having activated 2 step verification process. Frustrated
Like the app, wish we could customise notification when doorbell or iq camera sounds alerts. Cannot connect the iq camera to Google assistant
Update knocked out my playback on my nest outdoor cam.
App will not open when I'm connected to wifi.
The latest update has interupted my service.
It is crashing more and wil not open. Help
The Nest home used to work well enough. Lately it doesn't even connect when I sign in, so the app is useless. I have to use the website instead.
Notifications are generally delayed - sometimes by 30 minutes or more. The heavy notification delay makes it extremely difficult to respond to doorbell rings. The app takes a long time to show the camera feed and even longer to display saved screenshots from motion detection and doorbell rings. When the doorbells detect motion, they generally get a good screenshot for the notification. Unless you have a subscription, you usually can't find that screenshot in the app. It shows about 4 frames from the camera, non of which are as high quality (shot wise) as the notification one. The subscription really isn't worth it but the app is much harder to use without it. I wish there was a middle ground. Thermostat will not begin cooling/heating before a particular time if you're away, despite any settings that suggest it should. It completely ignores schedules unless you're home. If it's for vacations then make the user declare they're away for vacation otherwise obey schedules. It makes the Away mode almost useless when you come back to a home that's 80+ degrees every evening. Unable to set a specific schedule for Protect Sound Checks (e.g. 1st Saturday of every month at 5pm).
It's Google, how could you go wrong?!
App stopped working well recently. Connection to the nest takes forever.
Works great, I'm looking to get a few more devices so I can use multiple on one app. Clean user interface, clear instructions.
Home away setting almost never works right.
Really useful, though it would be great if you could have the option of letting the app alert you when your heating goes on or off.
Filter change reminders do not take into account 4" deep filters that can easily last 12 months.
Fix the green screen issue!
It's basic and works fine, but it could use some widgets and a few more stats etc
Geolocation could be better. Most of the time it doesn't register and I have the latest Android os
There are many limitations to this app
Home/away broken
Can't connect to any nest products. DO NOT SUPPORT THESE SCAMMERS
One of the best thermostat app. Helped me save a lot on electricity costs
Been using this for a long time and can say it works perfectly.
Its not what it used to be. Worked fine at first. Now, if it works.
Why is there no way to see what the current temperature is??!!!???
Very easy, efficient and safety at hand!
Very good app for managing the nest products
It's fun seeing my phone on my phone
Perfect home automation solution
Works like a charm.
Happy I have it
Getting better
Love it
Am I the only person who has the issue that my playbacks do not work... They just look like still thumbnail images... but will not play AT ALL... I was considering buying more cameras but at this rate,,, I think not. NEST needs to get their app together. I was on 30 day trial and was willing to pay for the monthly subscription, but if my playbacks wont even work,, they why should I ??? Again, Nest get it together,,, SERIOUSLY !!!
Very unreliable. I have been using nest for more than 5 years and I am pretty much done! Several times I really need to use the app, it keeps trying to log me in forever. Then I will be logged off and asked to log in again. Very frustrating. The thermostat itself keeps changing temperature back when I try to adjusy it down. Time for me to change thermostats, there are more choices out there now.
Something is wrong with the way it determines if you are home or not. Especially on Samsung based phones. Won't let me change it to realize that my Note8 is with me from my iPhone. Crashes a lot on Note 8 also Update: Still terrible. Even on Google's own Pixel 2XL with Android Pie. App is junk. Always locking up or just a spinning wheel instead of showing me my cameras. Especially when you need it the most and want to investigate the noise you heard. Done with Nest moving forward.
The nest video portion of this is terrible. Going to events rarely works, they don't load or play. Jumps around trying to select a certain time. I cancelled my subscription to nest aware because this app is so useless. Trying to save event clips in the desktop app is horribly unintuitive with more jumping around of the selection caret. The newest update has apparently killed live video view? And this update resets your credential login.
Appalling app for the price I pay for 3 cameras!! Editing capability SHOCKING, number of glitches SHOCKING, length of time for editing via the chrome site SHOCKING! Hang your heads in shame Google. This app doesn't even work right with your own Pixel phone!
At first it was great but I don't get notifications until a short time after the event which in theory isn't great when it's meant for security. I have 2 cameras and the fact I have to pay an additional £8 per camera every month is unfair as the camera's are a lot of money to start with. I feel like I've wasted alot of money tbh esp when I finally get a notification then go to look and can't see anything because it's constantly trying to load. It's such a waste of money
The camera quality isnt as clear as expected when their are cheaper cameras out there with crisp picture. Also, on my Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus, my location settings are turned on (App & phone settings) for my camera to automatically turn on and off and when I leave my house it doesnt turn on until I open the app. Sometimes when I come home it's still on also.
Nest Hello seemed to work very well for the first 30 days, with constant alerts/notifications for motion/people. Now, I frequently get alerts that the camera is offline. I'm very disappointed. This feels like a shady sales gimmick to get you sign-up and pay for Nest Aware.
Loved it for long time. Although some glitches, it worked for me well. Since the last update 3 days ago, I can't see the camera view anytime sooner than one minute. Each time I move back in time, it view blacks out waiting to load upto a minute or two. Guys please fix this soon.
A few weeks ago I was using a nexus 5 with android 6 and the auto-away function was working very reliably. But now I got a Pixel with android 7 and that feature fails 98% of the time, it doesn't seem to trigger, I have to turn the camera on and off manually.
Video playback is atrocious. I've had the service for close to a year now, and there's been numerous issues with reviewing footage no matter the phone, tablet, computer, internet connection. Reached out to support and got a generic/dummy 101 response and I guess it's our faults. We all need to check our internet speeds and have no mirrors the way. Well here's my response to that: There’s an issue with playing video stored on your servers, fix it and don't pass it off as my fault. Look at the reviews, clearly not our faults…
I have heavily invested in nest ecosystem only to realize the more I add slower the app gets. Really disappointed in the performance of the app, it's so slow, it literally freezes my phone! Update: it's getting even worse, stream won't even load, just see a spinner for more than a minute!! Worse than a free service! Common google!
And still needs force stops to work....why can't you fix this !!!! 15/9/18...Still needs a full force stop every coupe of uses....2/8/2018..Why can't they fix this!!!!! Still needs force stops to work. Now it's barely sensitive to touch, when operating. Who do you have making this app!!! 27/4/18Veryar but takes far to long to load. Worst customer service possible. Updated: 29/09/2016. No improvement. Has to be force stopped all the time.... Please fix 6/12/16. Update 18/1/17. If I could give this app minus figure I would. Constantly crashing. Screen going black is the new issue. Reinstall again and see. Products are great. App is terrible
Not sure what changed, but app now very slow to load live feeds (if it ever loads). Notifications do not "load" to show the preview clip, and when clicked on, take you to the timeline... which doesn't load. Cameras are connected to 250mbps internet on mesh router. Phone is a Galaxy Note 9. Disappointed that I'm paying for a service that is barely functional at the moment. Not to mention the cameras have always had 5-10 minute chunks of time where for no reason they are "offline" ever since installation.
Nest support suggests that I don't switch on Eco mode unless I'm leaving my apartment for 2+ hours, but the HOME/AWAY function is actually completely useless in that regard. Fix the features to actually usably reflect your best practices or don't bother. App continues to misbehave and drain battery life on 8.0 August 1st security patch.
It seems that with 5.27.1.3, my Pixel 2 turns on bluetooth on app activation? (I only observe this from the Nest app.) I don't mean to be unfair, but the QA/compliance cycle could stand to be a bit deeper. This means that my headphones, which are recognized by both my desktop and my phone, keep getting high-jacked by phone. I turn off bluetooth in my office for a reason...
The app itself is nice. Unfortunately what it's meant to do it doesn't do it well. I have a Nest Hello. The point of it is not only a doorbell but a security camera. I'm expecting notifications to tell me that someone has come to my door, has past my door or something is happening outside. The notifications doesn't work most of the time or there is a massive delay. Someone walks past the door, and I might not know sometime until later (when they are gone) or when I check the timeline. It's worse at night-time. Also when viewing any notifications sometimes it doesn't take you back to what it saw you, have to do that.
I originally bought this camera when I had a Samsung Galaxy S7 and the free version non sub nest account and it worked really well. Maybe once every now and then the home/away assist wouldn't work but all in all it worked almost flawlessly and I loved it. Then I switched phones to a Google Pixel 2XL and I also purchased a nest aware sub thinking now I have a Google phone and a Google nest cam figured it would work better hence why I bought the sub. So far the home/away assist hasn't worked once. The whole purpose of me getting a nest cam was to keep an eye on my stuff when I'm away from home but if the home/away assist never works then it's worthless. If it's not fixed soon I'm going to just cancel my nest aware sub and sell this camera.
Love it! Only thing I would add (and I might be missing it) is an option to just run the HVAC fan only instead of having to run the fan while the heating or cooling is on. Other than that, we're in love with our Nest!
Does not work !!!!!!!! Support is 15 minute wait.......Wow, just to control your own thermostat in your own home you rely on the internet connection that many times for unknown reasons will not connect to your nest. You must remember that a nest thermostat is always off by at least 4 to 8 degrees. My Nest Thermostat gets the temperature from inside the wall which is always hotter and does not reflect the temperature of the room that you're in not to mention the whole bottom floor or top floor of your house.
Love my camera just can't get the app to work in my phone. It worked fine for over a year and then just stopped working. Made several attempts to correct with Nest and no one can help me. I'm at a loss on what to do now.
The app's service connection to server became too slow now. It took several refreshes to see the live feed of the camera. It took forever to answer a door bell and often guests left before I was able to respond. Very unhappy. Yes, my phone has fast network.
I havent been able to save any video clips from my app in a couple weeks now. It processes for about 3 seconds then says there was an error and try again or cancel. Please fix this my app is up to date!!!
Customer service sucks, viewing videos never works, night vision sucks, camera looks blurry sometimes and disconnects a few times a day. Nest says it's my wifi... My phone gets perfect signal 50 feet further than the camera with 150mbps...No nest it's on YOUR END!!
The app looks fine, but the home/away assist - the main reason I got the nest thermostat - doesn't work. It's been a known issue for some time, but for some reason it hasn't been fixed yet.
Home/Away Assist not working lately. It's this app, not my phone, because Tasker always works just fine. I have to manually go into the app to 'wake it up' to get the phone location to work. After that my bluetooth keeps coming on to check in, I guess. Why would it need to be on? I'm not home! The app should know this. Fix it. Nest/Google stuff does not work half the time. It's a rip-off. How can a $3 Tasker app work better than equipment at cost a couple hundred dollars? In the app, it says my phone is home, but I'm miles away. No other app does this so poorly. Nest is a joke. You could easily fix this by putting in a user defined geofencing radius. Allow users more control, because your auto algorithms do not work. Still not working.
Update yesterday & then today. Incredibly disappointed. It truly worsened! I concur it worked fine before these recent updates. Ppl at the door cannot hear me, long lag time in loading, it's muddled/blurry when you try & access the events. I was at home yard was being mowed person came & went & nothing came up on the camera nor was it even in the events! What good is a security camera if it works intermittently. I would not recommend this product at this time. Started out fantastic Nest, but at this point I would not purchase additional items for my home. Hope it's remedied soon.
Unusable camera feeds and notifications. I get a notification that someone rang my doorbell, but the camera feed will not load. Nest hardware is beautiful with unique and thoughtful features, but sluggish servers make it all useless. I would return my cameras and buy onto a different system if I was within the return period.
Used to love it. Not anymore. The app stopped working after an update it seems I'm not the only one. It's been more than a month and still no fix and still not working. Using Google pixel 2 XL.
Used to be a fantastic app and worked almost flawlessly, since the last update on 9/8/18 it constantly says unable to connect, or that cameras are unavailable. I have to force close the app and reopen to get it to work. I cleared cache, and even reinstalled same issue. Wife also has same issues on her galaxy note 8.
This week's update has had a negative effect on my (outdoor) cam as it regularly fails to load on both of my phones, doesn't give motion alerts as promptly as it did (and they weren't that prompt anyway) and often freezes altogether. The update is hardly an enhancement in my view, and seems only to have introduced some bugs - very irritating!
9/27 still not working 9/20 already a week has passed without an update, still will not load. Unexcusable for a company this size Used to work but haven't been able to log in since last update. Deleted and reinstalled, still just sits there loading indefinitely
It takes entirely too long to be notified, at least 10-20 seconds at which point is no longer useful. I regret buying 2 nest cameras now. Was also unaware that I'd need to spend additional money on a subscription to get the full benefits. Deceiving and fraudulent in my opinion.
Very laggy for Cam Outdoor/Indoor IQ using timeline. Why can't we pause the stream? Also would like to have a custom notification sound. Bluetooth not always closing when shutting app. Rubbish wear integration, why can't I view feeds on my watch or check my protects? Delay in actual event happening and "live" feed by a few seconds, my 5yr old Ycam 1080p cube has a much better "live view" than this, come on nest get it sorted. Real pain trying to save clips on pc sooooo slow and freezes with IE11 have to restart browser many times to do a clip! You should upgrade your servers! Unable to record a zoomed in clip, latest release causes alot of lag starting feed on both outdoor and indoor iq!
Very happy with the app. Only thing I do t like is the placement of the nest thermostat controls. Instead of circle I would rather just be a rectangle just above the nest cam images with the same minimal appearance of what to show.
This app just spins 9 times out of 10, when I'm away and I try to look at my cams. I always have to go login in on a PC to see my system.
Works pretty well, could use some improvement with notifications from Nest Hello. The notifications are a little inconsistent in delay (3-20 seconds), but overall works well. Opens fairly quickly on doorbell ring and the camera is easy to work and see.
A decent app when in the States. A SERIOUSLY MEDIOCRE app when traveling abroad. Doesn't Google own this app now? What a piece of garbage. Don't be fooled. It sucks.
Agree with other reviews, app used to be great but lately takes forever to load, just spins. Makes it useless as an app to view security cameras
Really well-designed app offering the same functionality as the website. My only complaint would be the Nest Aware trial banner appearing every few seconds. Nest Aware is really useful - it's not free but well worth the money for being able to access several days of video even without any motion detected. Colour-coded zones make quickly reviewing activities convenient. It's easy to create and share clips. Scrubbing through the timeline is pretty fast and intuitive.
Was working fine, but over the past week it now takes 3 minutes to load. The circle around the Home house on the thermostat keeps going around & around for several minutes before it opens.
New software is terrible, can't view today's events , super slow. Already miss the old software even though it's speed was very inconsistent. Can't even sign in now...boo
You would think an app built for a Google product on a Google platform would be great. Instead it takes forever to connect to the thermostat if it ever does. This app is a disappointment to say the least.
Home/away assist use to work pretty great, but recently it's been going crazy. Cameras are constantly turning on and off, never recognize when we are home so they dont shut off and will only randomly turn on when we leave.
I'm not the only one who is now struggling with this app. After the most recent Google update to pie nest will not recognize when I'm home or away. Glad I'm not paying for the service too.
Since the last.update.cannot turn off heater directly on the thermostat control unit. Software design is simply RIDICULOUS!!! This is supposed to save energy, this is just wasting gas for no reasons.
Used to work fine, in the past year or so it has stopped detecting when I am away and sometimes fails to auto enter eco mode when it does show me away. This being the main draw of a nest for me, it's very disappointing.
The home/away assist doesn't work right. I have to manually open the app for the thermostat to realize I'm home and turn on the AC. Not very convenient having to remember to open it every time I come home. And yes, the app is given every permission it could have.
Really bad at detecting if I'm home or not. I almost always have to manually turn the cameras on when I leave. I love the cameras but I hate the app.
Great, BUT after the update to Android Pie (Android 9), app STILL needs a toggle switch in settings to allow this app to override the default DND settings. This totally defeats the purpose of the app ESPECIALLY if you're using a Nest Protect, since you won't get alarm notifications. This needs to be fixed ASAP!!!
Was very happy with it until 9/7/18 update broke it. We use it as a baby monitor and the delays and drops are unacceptable!
Connects great from home. Swell. Has never connected from work, which is where I need it to work. It's not the network because I can connect fine from a desktop. Pretty much useless.
DO NOT BUY THE NEST HELLO DOORBELL! Bought the nest thermostat and it's fantastic. Bought the nest hello doorbell and it is overpriced and not worth it. Tried to buy the subscription for nest aware and it processed twice and wouldn't activate. Wrote to nest and all I got was a poor automated reply telling me to cancel my subscription. They obviously don't want the money and couldn't care. In essence buy a cheap Chinese doorbell then you have no expectations/standard. AVOID NEST AWARE AND NEST HELLO DOORBELL
Its A Pretty Nifty App, My Only Complaint Which Is A Tiny Complaint Is It Doesn't Notify You If It Goes Offline. Other Than That, Extremely Perfect.
Application now either stalls and takes several minutes to open the main thermostat interface. Sometimes, it just stalls/stays idle and doesn't work at all.
New update makes the app take twice as long to load. Still can't get the camera to work on the PC. It only works in this app, which now takes twice as long to load after the update.
After you buy camera a subscription is needed to get the most out of the camera Also the camera stays on even when I come home so I think there's someone at nest watching me naked in my living room
It's elegant, but details are left out. Spaces for example is a great idea, yet for those with more than one thermostat and /or sensors, it seems so obvious that the current temperature would be displayed on each. It's not a huge thing, but given the reputation Nest has one would think this would be obvious (not to mention a fandamental function of "spaces"). Also, there are really no notifications to speak of... You can rig a few in if you're savvy enough to integrate IFTT, but even then not much to really feel empowered. This whole thing of "smart" thermostats is an enigma, they are smart enough if you have a relatively predictable schedule (and the same few family members who come and go), but in the end it's not much more helpful than programming a less expensive one. In fact, "smart" can run your bill up, ESPECIALLY without having been notified that it decided to cool a zone because you may have executed that order once. So, I've come to think of Nest as "trust but verify", and, unfortunately, I spend a fair amount of time checking the app for what's going on.
Haven't been able to access my thermostat from my phone in over a month. Cleared data, uninstalled and reinstalled, and nothing helps. App just won't work.
New version, downloaded 09/08/18. Has large delay in opening and viewing camera alerts. SAMSUNG NOTE 8 T- MOBILE
After this recent update, it is unusable. I can no longer control my thermostat. The app does not load. Disappointed this got through development and released.
For the past 5 days my app just spins. Then it says it can't connect. I have uninstalled it twice now and still nothing. No reason for it to not work. Works fine on my husband's phone.
This app needs a widget so bad! It would be easy to make one for Temperature or one for Home Security something that's easy and a shortcut!
App continuously loading even after reinstall. Can't even use to control thermostats and cameras. Unreliability makes switching to a different company for all smart home needs a better choice.
I have a huge problem opening this app. It struggles to load when it is able open, and shows a black screen most of the time.
Cam resolution is great but useless - app doesn't allow you to digitally pan/zoom captured stills, so can't zoom in to ID a face, e.g. Why not?
It's unfortunate the Home Away assist does not properly detect when someone is home or the phone is in range. There are many days I didn't realize this was not working again and the AC ran all day while no one was home
Half of the features barely work, like motion detection and auto away. Now with Android Pie, auto away doesn't work at all.
Can no longer load camera after update, works fine on PC but this app is broken.
Like the app and enjoy the service overall. Would like to receive push notifications when the Nest Guard is Armed or Disarmed.
What did you do to the app!?!?!? Fails to connect to nest services or wont pull up cameras. Epic fail nest.
Do not recognize home/away properly. Big delay of the camera notifications. Keep changing temperature to the level I never setted up.
Cameras do what they are supposed to do but the app is terrible I can have full signal or be on wifi and the video feed is so jumpy doesnt load even trying to view already recorded video you click on the notification on the time line and it just takes forever to load or doesnt load at all and just sits on the screenshot
Worked for 1 day and now it wont sign on anymore. I uninstalled and re-installed 4 times with no good results. Waste of my time to get a app to work.
App is no longer working, just spins but never loads. Fan is almost always running and it's very frustrating that it cant be turned off from the app
App looks good, but even with the bandwidth turned all the way to low in the app, 100mb/s down and up at its location and 200 down 30 up at mine it, more than not, refuses to load previously recorded video.
I have not been able to control the thermostat from my phone for weeks. Last update really has caused much frustration. Not a happy customer. It takes forever to connect.
Doesn't work as well as it used to. 75% of the time it doesn't recognize when I leave or when I come home to turn the unit from away to Away/Eco to Home or vice versa.
Decent app. Wish it had a feature to select a specific notification sound so an alert stands out against all other notifications.
Fix your app, Nest. Notifications do not work as advertised. Doesn't seem to recognize home vs away, and now I get no notifications at all. What's the point of using this app if it barely works, and what's the point of having security cameras if I'm not notified someone is at my house? Very glitchy app!
Shortcuts do not work as of 09/20/2018. All shortcuts open to Nest app homepage instead of their intended sub page like door bell or door lock.
Having trouble to connect on wifi and on data it takes longer than usual to connect...1 nest connect but 1 does not.. both connected to same wifi! Not happy with this issue!
Useless alarm system if I can't access the app when I get a notification. Home and away detection has been broken for weeks. Fix it!
This app doesn't open most of the time. Products constantly go offline.For the money you spend you shouldn't have to pay more for video storage.
Last update broke the Android app. I'm not able to load the app even after restarting, reinstalling, and trying over wifi/mobile data.
Early-on feature should have more options for heat vs cool. Google has an excellent voice isolating feature that they've been playing with for YouTube. Why not apply this to the Nest camera video footage? Flip a switch and have the voices isolated from all the random background noise. Having tons of problems BUYING the Nest aware subscription. Keep getting brought to a menu that lists only "no thanks" and has no other buttons. This is the second time it has occurred, and their workarounds seem to involve wiping my account and re-adding everything. Not too impressed. I'm trying to pay them money... This should be a priority to sort this out. Their thermostats still list "efficiency" through a green leaf based on previous temp settings. According to their spokespeople, these have nothing to do with exterior temperatures, which are a REQUIREMENT for any real efficiency calculation (estimated or not). Simply figure out the heat transfer rates based on how often the system has to cycle on and off with a specific exterior temperature. Also, why the heck isn't there any graph of temperature history, let alone one that compares interior to exterior temperature over the course of a month?? Don't you think I'd like to see the effects of added insulation in the attic? As for their cameras, it's a huge engineering oversight to have the internal IR illumination source always on with the night vision, make it a user switchable function! Sell an IR floodlight we can mount at an angle that doesn't result in IR reflections back to the camera.
With latest update, I can no longer connect to Nest while connected to wifi. I have to disconnect from wifi in order to connect. Please fix!!
Updated the app and it stopped working, stuck on the loading screen need fix asap
The home away assist is the main reason for me to buy Nest thermostat but it's terrible and the customer support haven't been helpful.
Very s. l. o. w. Loading video. Very s. l. o. w. Sending you an alert. And you can't change the display order of the cameras. Not worth the investment in equipment.
App loads the cameras with a black screen and the circle just spins.
Each update gets worse my phone can no longer connect to it even when I'm on my home network
This was a good app but after an update won't log in anymore and just spins at the loading screen. Hard reset does not fix.
You have to pay for a subscription to use your own stuff properly. Total scam.
I wish the temperature adjustment control is less sensitive. Otherwise a great app
When notification arrives that someone is at the door, they are long gone by the time the app loads up for me to view or talk to them. Thanks nest.
Hate the latency issues, please fix this problem also sometimes the ring doesn't go to the bell chime on phone.
The performance of this app with the thermostat is abysmal. It takes more than a minute or two to connect to the device.
The most recent upgrade has left this app unable to be opened
Just stuck on logging in on my pixel, iOS loads immediately. Sort it out guys
Home/Away assist never works ! Sort it out Nest
Doesn't open any more after last update! Do they even test these apps? For real!
The home/away notifications never reliably work (Nest IQ Camera).
It installed and now having problems connecting to my camera
Doesn't register home /away anymore, and most times fails to load. Poor.
App cannot distinguish between motion and person.
The AC doesn't turn on anymore when I get home with Home/Away assists. The only time it automatically turns on is when I open the app, then it realizes I'm home and turns it on
Really tired of the constant "Nest has stopped working" on my Galaxy 2 XL...
Loved this app, but as of the past month or so the app doesn't connect to my camera. I just see an endless spinning circle around a house icon. #appfail.
Whatever you did on the last update has my camera not working for more then 2 seconds and then it reloads.
Why is there no option to Chromecast the stream? Google, why must you require me to forfeit all of my personal data to you in order to use a product that I already paid money for?
The app cannot use phone location to tell if we're home. I consider this a chore expectation of the app.
Having trouble using app on multiple family members phones
It's ok until they do updates and stops Communicating with their server.
Would give 5 stars on past use but now the app won't even open.
App itself does not open. Logging in/opening the app takes several minutes, or does not open up at all. Was working fine a few weeks ago.
Won't allow me to set away temp below 76 Who is nest to tell me what temp I want in my house I have pets and 76 is too high
Going withCanary. Awesome customer service. Tried to have 6 cameras monitored five different times and no reply. Putting these cameras on offer up. Have an awesome day. :) :) :)
Used to work great on LG G5 but can't change temperature when setting the schedule on my G7. Will let me change the time but not the temp.
Doorbell stopped showing clips. Only shows thumbnail.
Stop turning on my damn Bluetooth.
Nest app is garbage, waste of money.
Often drop connection to the Nest servers. And need to buy Nest aware for functions many other provide for free or at much lower price.
Please add option for to change hour setting in fan schedule...I want to run fan for 15 mins every 2 hours
The app rarely ever boots; startup animation loops without ever loading the application...
Does work better but still needs resets
It seems after the last update. The camera is offline a lot. That was never an issue, but now it seems to constantly disconnect.
Since last update i only get 1/3 of the notifications i should and the app always has to be closed and reopened to work
Joke. Stupid device and stupid app.
I cannot login with the app, it spins forever. Update won't help. Website login works though. Please fix.
Since the update, I can't control my thermostat from mobile app. Fix it please.
Home Away Assist is really flaky. Thinks my phone is home when not, so doesn't turn cameras on.
Cannot even open my nest after the update
As of today I can no longer log in. Now I wait for a fix.
Will not even open after last update.
I WISH IT WOULD GIVE ME AN ALERT WHEN SOMEONE TOUCHES THE THERMOSTAT
The app to control my air conditioner is not even opening..it used too..fix it please!!
DO NOT DOWNLOAD UPDATE! Will not load now
Only opens every second time on galaxy s9+
Keep up the good works the makers of Nest products. God bless you always and forever.
HELLO Devs!!!! Add current room temp to app!! I should have the option to be able to see this from the home page. ...
Cleared cache and app is working again.
It worked great at first. Now it doesn't load at all. Can't use the app.
I don't see anything wrong with the app, it does what it should
I love it but lately definitely not working like it use to
Was great but now takes forever to load my thermostats
Can't be beat!
Since last update :-(
Can't login, keeps saying to try again
Works great with my nest. Easy to understand
No widget?!?!
Awesome App. Thank you!!!
Great app! Works how it's supposed to.
Very simple polished setup
Love my Nest app
Easy to use. Works great.
Liking it alot
Love nest!!
Fast and responsive!
Great product
Great app
Good
Great
Was working fine up until the last update. The cameras no longer work and recordings and freeze constantly. have tried resetting everything, internet, whole nest account and apps. Doesn't work. Sort it out nest!!
Having just bought and loved the Nest Learning Thermostat, I immediately turned around and bought the Nest Hello and planned on converting everything to NEST as I was sold. Then they almost immediately did an update that took away the playback ability for the notices. I regretted buying Nest ever since. It has all gone downhill since. I will not be purchasing any more Nest Products and cannot recommend them. My friend loves and recommends her Ring doorbell cam!
For the last 3 weeks or so my app continuously shuts off when I log on to one of my cameras, starting right about the time of the last app upgrade. Nest support says it has to be the device , however reading all of the other issues from everybody else I believe it is not. Please chime in if you to have this problem first it says nest at stopped, then it says it keeps closing. I have a samsung j3 prime. I have tried everything including deleting the app and reinstalling it nothing has helped
Was expecting a lot from my new Nest Hello doorbell but experience massive echo on the doorbell when using this app on a Samsung S7. This echo does not happen on a Samsung S5 with LineageOS 15.1. There is notable lag before the app notifies you of a door ring. Hope things can be sorted out.
Need more work. The thermostat status is not exactly realtime - most of the times, when I away, I turn on my AC from the app and it shows that Ac is being turned on. But after few secs, it shows "offline for 12 mins". So the statues are confusing. There is no issue with my wifi as the nest cam is not disconnected on those times. Pretty cheap Nest e thermostats and basic- poorly tested app.
Use it for nest thermostat, I don't know what nest is thinking but with each update this app works worse. Last month after update, connecting over wifi became almost impossible or extremely slow. On the other hand it works fine on my phone's data plan.
Constantly disconnects while everything else on the network stays connected. Has been going on for months. Update: changed from 2 stars to 1. Disconnect issue still hasn't been fixed after many months now. Unfortunately I can't recommend nest thermostats to people anymore. I have also noticed an overall drop in reliability with the whole Nest platform.
This app works great IF you pay for the subscription. If you don't have a subscription, the app will take time to open, refresh, show live video or show snap shots. I currently do not pay for the subscription. I was watching the live feed and as soon as it detected movement, it started glitching and didn't even notify me of any movement. I know the minute I pay for the subscription it will improve.
I have issue with home away assist not correctly changing to away even when phone is not at home, sometimes it works, sometimes it don't. I tried all necessary steps in troubleshooting documentation without success. One key feature is missing, being able to switch ON cooling or heating when leaving work (on way home)
This app used to be great. Now it has issues with home/away assist and can never seem to detect my phone. Going by the other reviews, it's not just me! Please fix it - this takes away the main advantage of having it!
Very bad app for my nest cam, UI is old and crappy. Backend always delivers notifications 1hr+ late. Rewinding does not work half the time and when it does it's so very slow
This app WAS great until a recent update. Now, it can not connect to my thermostat at all. After several minutes of trying to connect, it logs off and I have to sign back in and try again to the same result. Please fix!
The app and the camera both work well. The reason for the low rating is that I'm quite surprised by the things that the app can't do: it doesn't continue playing in split screen view; it doesn't support casting to a Chromecast; and it seems like it would be an ideal candidate for the new picture-in-picture feature of Android Oreo, but it doesn't do that either. For a Google owned company, these omissions are disappointing.
The main complaint that I have with this app is the auto away doesn't seem to work correctly. It did worked correctly in prior versions but for some reason this one I need to open the app before it recognised that I am home or away. I have pets at home so it is based on my phone location.
The app used to work beautifully. But, 3 updates back, it now takes forever to load, rendering it effectively useless. Edit 9.10.18 : Something has improved. The app now functions reasonably fast. But, notifications are still too slow and video clip edit/saving is too difficult. But ... better.
After the latest update, I can no longer use. Worked fine until then. It is like it lost connections and rebooting thermostat and reinstalling app was no help. Before that I would have given a 5 star rating
Broken after last update. Won't connect to Nest server or takes AGES to do so (>2/3 mins). Works fine on iOS.... Is a brilliant product otherwise but squish this bug please!
On Android P when opening this app there is a noticeable pause for a few seconds and then touches work. Almost like an ANR is going to happen but doesn't. This didn't happen on Android O. Pixel 2 XL here
At first, it worked well. Then suddenly, it stopped connecting and we can't control the thermostat via the app anymore. It connects maybe once in 10 attempts. This sucks because we're still trying to "teach" the unit our preferences, which requires a lot of adjustments.
App appears to turn boiler on when neither heat or hot water is scheduled to be on and temp set below current actual temp. Installed nest to get on top of usable and reduce our very high costs, looks like that's not going to happen. Would not recommend.
If there is an option to choose the notification sound, they've hidden it quite well. Connection problems are more frequent than they should be. Precise seeking to timestamps is frustratingly impossible, especially given that you pay to have the video stored.
Set the zones & people only to notify. Zone shape is correct but slid into the street. Notification on everything even though only people is set. Zone correct in browser. Only my Android seems to have this problem, wife's iPhone ok. Still the case after the 8/21/2018 update.
The process of confirming your email address and being added to an existing house is hilariously bad. The confirmation link takes you to a webpage that requires you to login again and then tries to show you a web version of Nest and helpfully suggests you install the app. Only fix is to Force Quit the app and reopen and now you can login. Then, accept an invitation to a house, but you are stuck and cannot get out of the "create new house" process. Force Quit again and reopen and now it see the house you've been invited to. Nest needs to learn for every other app out there about how to do these simple tasks without requiring the user to Force Quit.
This app started out fine; however, now its offline more often than not. Totally defeats the purpose of having a nest thermostat. I bought a nest specifically for the benefit of being able to control it when not at home. Disappointed does not begin to describe how I feel about this app
The home away assist is broken. Called customer service 2 times and they could not figure out the issue. Have to set it up manually now everyday
Been dissapointed with the last two versions of the nest app. Took about 2 minutes to load on the screen now the latest revision takes 1. Much longer than it used to take. I've got an extremely fast phone so...? It still drives me nuts that I set the cameras not to notify me outside an area and it basically notifies me of any movement anywhere. 4 cams so it means tons of junk emails every day. Makes it hard to know when something actually does happen.
The only purpose to having the Nest thermostat, over a simple programmable one, is relying on the Auto Home/Away feature. This used to work fine, but hasn't for awhile. If I am out of the house for hours it may not go away, nor does it go home when I've been home for hours unless I open the app. I had found another app, which is no longer supported, which used geofencing to provide this feature, it worked great, before the API was pulled. Google/Nest get it together and ensure that we have an App which provides the primary feature many want from their Nest product. Everything else that the app can do are the same features as the website..so the app has no benefit to it.
Used to work, but now fails to switch my thermostats to Away mode automatically, even though the app says that I'm away and have been for hours. Nest support tells me that I still have the option to manually switch to Away mode. This defeats the purpose of having an always-connected thermostat; I could just get a programmable one that costs a fraction of Nest. And no, uninstalling/reinstalling the app did not fix the issue.
All great until you actually need to see what's going on and then taking for ever to load and not able to play particular videos. Admittedly were I am is a slow connection but the app needs to be able to deal with that.
The app functionality is getting worse. Used to work fine with location service. Now most of the time it has no idea you're home or away until you physically open the app. Slow to open and view video. Can't imagine how poor the experience is with the doorbell.
Home/Away assist has stopped working completely for me after an update in August. A friend has the same issue. Google engineers continue to blame me and my router for the issue when nothing there has changed. Only way I can get my Nest cam to turn on now is to open the app when I leave home. Not impressed since I am paying for the nest cam service. I also have the nest thermostat and fully expect problems with it now. Last update saysit contains bug fixes but it's more like introducing more bugs to make things not work. I would look elsewhere before investing in Google Nest technology at this time. If Google ever fixes this issue I will update my review accordingly, but I'm not impressed with their support on this at all.
The app has stopped working for the past month, I keep getting an error when I try to set the alarm from my app. Now when I try to log in, it keeps saying there's a problem connecting to Neat services. This is supposed to make my family feel more secure but is less than reliable. If they don't fix these issues, we're getting rid of Nest and switching to Ring. Another issue is when I wanted to save a clip from our camera, it wouldn't let me decide how long the clip needed to be, so it kept stopping right before I needed it to stop so I had to use my computer instead. For the amount that we paid for this system, cameras, and services, this is unacceptable. I'll update my review from any changes made.
This app used to be good but now the location for home away assist never works properly. It will say I'm home when I'm not and it will say I'm away when I'm home. Their support is useless because they can only copy and paste generic responses about how it's my fault that the app doesn't work properly.
The app worked fine before the last two updates. Now I am paying for cameras and their service that I cannot access on my s9. It's been weeks since this occurred and still no fix in site. I fully regret getting this camera system now.
Two issues that make this app less than good. First, anyone who buys a Nest camera knows about Nest Aware. We don't need an ad every 30 seconds asking us to subscribe. I've spent over $1200 on Nest gear. If I want to subscribe I will. Stop being greedy and annoying. Second, saved clips cannot be viewed in the app. You have to use a PC. Please make the app better. I'll post another review in 30 seconds just to make sure you don't forget.
Camera works fine but the app is a mess. I am forced to restart my phone every time it updates just to sign in. I regret buying a nest camera because the app is so poorly managed. When I can afford a different camera I'll be dumping this brand
App is super slow. Suppose to set thermostat to eco when away, but never realizes when I'm home or away. 6 months later. Still doesn't work properly. Save your money.
Its GPS sucks. Home/Away function sucks. It always thinks I'm home when I'm not. This means the cameras DO NOT TURN ON. This is very frustrating. I have to manually turn it on. What's the point of allowing it to access my location?!
Doesn't switch from eco mode automatically when back home, like others have said home away assist worked fine before recent updates. Maybe you should have more stringent test procedures
Control interface is clunky and making a schedule is an absolute pain in the butt. Also the "energy savings" report is a joke and more of an advertisement than useful information
Really great App but definitely needs to support South America/Brazil and other countries worldwide. It's nonsense to not have this kind of support nowadays!!
Sometimes does recognize when my phone returns home and adjusts my thermostat correctly, sometimes I wait for hours and still thinks I'm away. Once I open the Nest app, only then it finally sees I'm home.
Used to be great..but doesn't connect now rendering it useless. Impressive fail. Reduced to one star since customer service is ignoring the problem.
It's a easy app to use but the notifications are not accurate. Notifies you of shadows and cars as people and doesn't notify you of every person that goes through your activity zones. So you will be notified when a kid walks by but then a burglar comes by a minute or two after and you aren't notified. Maybe different notification tones for different cameras.
Home away assist isn't working at all of late and I had to turn it off otherwise the AC runs all day long even if no one is home. This feature was the main reason I bought a Nest thermostat.
The nest cam is hopeless since Google took over, now it no longer turns on when you are away you need to do it manually, even though the app says you are away. What has gone wrong? The developers don't even have the decency to reply on here to the reviews.
It's perfect very easy to use THIS IS ONE OF A KIND THE PRICE SPEAKS FOR IT SELF EVERYTHING IS PERFECT THIS IS ALWAYS MY RECOMMENDATION TO EVERY BODY WHO ASK ME ABOUT CAM.
This app stopped working properly for some reason(s) almost a month I'm waiting for them to fix the issue, it doesn't open the cameras (load) it's not my internet connection, all my other apps work just fine except yours....do something before you lose you customers....
App is basically useless on my Samsung galaxy S8 software 8.0. Literally can take 5 minutes to load before seeing our cameras. No update available. Over this app and the product right now
(Nest Thermostat) . I have had the nest thermostat now for a few years. I love it!! I can control it while I'm not home. Or from anywhere on my phone. I am wanting the Nest security alarm system/camera for my house, so that's my next goal this spring. In 2019. (Updated 9/25/18.)(1st post Nov 2016)
What happened to scheduling??? What was wrong with the old way of doing it?... It actually worked. Now it doesn't or it doesn't make any sense in it's execution. I don't have the time to tinker with it all day.
Home/away assist no longer works... Not good
Home/away assist doesn't work anymore. Confirmed all settings in phone and in app are set up correctly. This has been going on for a while now. When are you planning on fixing it?
Had a thermostat for maybe a year if that. Battery allegedly dies randomly in the device. Super. Now the AC runs non-stop and I have to remove the nest, plug it in via a USB wait for an hour for it to charge and turn back on. Run over, plug it back into the wall to shut off the AC then recharge it again. PS thanks to the app I had no idea this was happening while I was away from the house because there are no notifications for when nest products go offline Thanks nest for the outrageous energy bill! Sure, you could tell me: it's your job to monitor your home...ain't that the reason why I bought your product? So I didn't have to monitor it? It is a SMART, LEARNING thermostat?
- Home/away assist doesnt work as it used to - Nest E doesnt turn blue or red to show if AC or heating is on/off. It does on standard model. - overrides manually set temp without notifications.
Notifications take too long. Pretty useless because by the time I've opened the door, let someone in and had coffee, it's when I get the notification that someone is at the door.
Latest version takes forever to connect and asks for the redentials over and over again. It has been screwed for at least two versions and still no fix!
Home away assist not working well any longer. Doesn't recognize location unless app is open
App worked great but doesn't connect anymore. Started about a week ago. Please fix the nest becomes just an expensive pretty threomstat without the app.
Good but... It should let you know when furnace or AC is running, and I should be able to see how much the furnace or AC had been running the day I look at it, not just wait until the next day.
I loved the Nest products BUT their support is so hopeless that I'm going have to sell the lot on ebay and buy something that is properly supported. For two years I have been trying to pay for a Nest Aware subscription, every month my payment is declined, my data deleted and I have to resubscribe to get it going again, I've tried multiple cards that work on everything else including all my Google subscriptions, just not for Nest. I can see why Nest Labs has been struggling to get new products to market, if you can't bill a customer, how can you be a viable business. I'll be trying Arlo and Telstra home once I sell all the Nest products I've bought. It's so disappointing that a Google company could fail an avid Google supporter so badly!
The app and the website both I assume require ports to be open to be able to access. Multiple times I had to disable firewall or turn off corporate WiFi to get this app to work properly at home or at work. The Nest app should have more loose requirements when connecting back to their servers. But when it's does work, I would rate it 5 stars.
App broken won't log in with good internet takes forever 2 log u in never works
Home/Away Assist has been almost useless since update as others have said.
Used to work great until the last month or so. Videos take forever to load or even play at all and it's not my internet. I'm not paying for more services (nest aware) just to accommodate the poor base service.
App delays to open all the time when away from home. Everything seems to be offline, which it isn't. Than you have to keep clicking the try again button. Not sure if the products need to be fixed or the app??
App take extremely long to load... 5-10 minutes.. not sure what update made this happen. App opens up near instantly on my iOS devices. Go figure.
The app works well, for those that are having problems with home/away check that it's not your battery optimisation settings. I allowed nest not to be optimised and it fixed home/away.
Well i am not sure if this is happening to other OLED phones but for my oneplus and s9 i really cannot see anything in the night mode.
This app used to be great. Fast and accurate. Now it takes 1min to even load what event was. The events also sometimes dont show up on the app so theres no way to review what triggered the camera...FIX IT NEST
My app is telling me that the thermostat is offline when it is online. It's getting colder now and I want to control the temp in my house when I'm not there.
The app intermittently tells me that my garage door sensor is offline. It spams me multiple times a day when it thinks it's offline. When nest secure is armed, and reporting the sensor offline, opening the garage door sets off the alarm at it should. Other sensors all report ok. After the alarm has triggered, the nest app shows the sensor online again. I have to trigger the alarm once a week or so to get the app to see the sensor. It's only a few months old and has new batteries so not sure if it's a big in the app or a faulty sensor
Nest has some great products, but the app is lacking lately. Very delayed notifications.
Nest IQ cams show either green or pixelated screen most mornings. Its been this way for months now. I think owning a Nest C
After the last update the app stops everytime I try to run test. Reinstalled app and now I can't add my device. So now it is totally useless to me.
Really, android was created by Google and nest can't even make an app that doesn't crash. Videos start to not work and the crash the whole phone...
The app is to slow!! Wifi does not work during the day since the last update. I am beginning to hate this app. I am not renewing.
Since the last update, I can't login while on wifi. I have to get off wifi then control my thermostat.
I would love widgets and better yet notifications when the nest turns on. That would make this a 5 star app. Also, better understanding of location services.
The app takes forever to load now. Bring back dropcam app. This is rubbish. Takes too long to load and is way to slow. I'm paying for the subscription and have to deal with this??????
Offline more then it's online now. Update ruined the app.
Terrible lag and since the update it's not logging my video content and live view isn't working on my android and my iPhone
Removed Fan Feature. Fan is a must have for my family. Will be moving to a different ecosystem if not restored.
Can't watch anything. It takes forever to load and it justs freezes on that one image. Please do something about it.
I really like the nest nermostate but the home/away function is very unreliable when it comes to GPS. When this is fixed I will rate it 5 stars
Super buggy and unreliable — eg I keep getting camera notifications even though I'm home
Setup a zone to ignore but it sends me notifications anyway even though none are selected for the zone.
I'm very pleased with Nest Hello but could you please add separate notification channels for different zones. I'd also appreciate some default notification tones included!
i am stuck in the setup process, cannot proceed after entering wifi password. Moto 5G
This app takes forever to load, I'm talking minutes, rendering it completely useless.
What's wrong with the app lately? Not able to connect to the hello camera. Just spins.
Takes forever to log on with latest update. Keeps asking for credentials which is very irritating
The app crashes and does not allow me to set up notifications
Please update this app. Since the past update ot takes 2-3 minutes for the app to load and connect to my thermostat even if I'm sitting in the same room as it. It has never taken that long in the past.
Home away assist is broken and it makes Nest very frustrating
The cam app used to let me set a notification tone, not any more. When it alert me of motion, I could not tell it is the alert from the cam or from other apps.
On my Huawei P20 Pro when scrubbing through camera footage from previous days it flashes black, whereas on my S8 it is smooth as butter. Poor app.
It stopped working. It just shows the logo and nothing else.
b'??best ever. No other products can reach Nest level quality. This is a must have if you are into smart home.'
App worked great until my phone updated to Android Pie now home/away assist no longer works.
Super convenient when the app actually loads. I've been needed to sign in almost every time I open the app and it takes minutes to load.
You guys need to fix the issues with geofencing. It used to work great.
Can't alarm/dis-alarm my nest guard with the latest update. On top of the already buggy camera experience.
Home/Away Assist not working for many weeks now, as noted by many reviewers. This is a fundamental feature, not a minor bug.
Shortcuts to cameras no longer work
Doesn't work all the time
blocked over VPN, turns on Bluetooth without my permission
Latest update for Android freezes so before it opens fully.
The app takes several minutes to actually load on a galaxy s9.
Does not work with the newest version of Android. App just buffers over and over and never opens
When trying to add a product the app closes itself
Useful app. I love my Nest.
the home away function it's not working
App working fine till last update. Now can't connect to the thermostat.
Slower load info since update....using note 8
Camera takes longer to connect.
This app use to be great, but the latest update it takes forever to open or it never starts.
Useless waste of time
Nice UI and catchy control.
This app helps me know and notifies me about what happens in the camera.
Home/Away Assist does not work
Please add the ability to choose notification sound. Thanks.
Very easy to use and very useful as well.
Does automatically go into away mode
Great app easy to use love the ecosystem
Awesome , love nest app and nest products
Working fine
Worked great until latest update
Very easy to instal and use.
Love nest products
Works excellent
Since the last update, 80% of the time the app just spins for minutes. If I close and relaunch it a few times it might work, but often I give up. Control seems to work just fine through Google assistant. Totally bizarre. Worked great until either the last update or I upgraded to Android 9on my pixel 2.
It's basic. Nest needs to up their game by allowing users to let users control the fan schedule without having to turn the thermostat to heat or cool. Sure, it makes sense in winter to enable the furnace, but for the rest of the year it's not warm enough to keep the AC on continuously. Until Nest put that function in , it's just a very basic app.
Unable to use the app and review footage. Just a image. Plus if I get luck and can view footage, I am unable to watch the part I want to watch. It goes to a different time. Plus my nest cam iq goes offline a lot. None of my other cameras do. Thanks nest!
Since the last update the app is now more useless than it was. It now takes ages to load if at all. For the thermostat it's good, for the camera it's awful. Trying to look at past camera footage I just give up half the time and use the laptop
Home away assist no longer automatically works after recent update. Previously as soon as the registered phone left home my devices would switch to away. Now I have to launch the app for it to change.
Help me understand why a 3yo iPhone can connect better than a 2018 Samsung s9?? Everytime i open this app it keeps on spinning and spinning! Same goes to other Android devices! Why isn't this app optimised for Android when you guys are owned by Google? Fix this!
Nest Aware will sign you up for multiple subscriptions on a single camera. Why anyone would need that is beyond me. Contacted support and they were not helpful, "I dunno, maybe you have 2 subscriptions. Check and cancel or something?" No a-holes. Do your job, look at my setup, make it right, and credit my account.
In the beginning the app worked well. Now I could be standing right on front of my wall unit and can't get the app to turn on or off my unit. It is so inconvenient! The tech support sucks as well. You have to basically reboot the whole system then relink the app, which will work for that day. Then redo that process just about everyday if you need to ajust the temperature.
Unable to connect to one of our Nest Cam IQ Outdoor cameras to change the wifi network. I've tried using two different Galaxy S8's and a Galaxy S3. I just keep getting NC021 (Bluetooth connection failed) and have followed all of the troubleshooting steps multiple times on each device. I was able to connect just fine back in July, so I'm guessing one of the Android App updates introduced a bug preventing us to connect. Like many others have asked, please fix the bugs in the app.
Home/away assist does not work, the cameras are always off unless you open the app.. on iOS this works flawlessly
After the free trial ran out, it's not that helpful. The clips where something happened (motion detected or noise heard) don't play anymore, they just stay paused at whatever time I scroll to.
The Nest camera's are wonderful when they work, but trip over time and time again. My doorbell loses WiFi connection if there's another Nest camera connected to the same network (I mean, really?). The app constantly freezes and simply doesn't play back clips. The cameras and doorbell need internet for me to observe them, even though both I and the devices are connected to the local network. No internet? Then your doorbell won't ring... I'd love to recommend Nest products to my friend and family, but there are far too many software issues right now and too little support available to deal with them.
App keeps crashing. Bluetooth keeps turning on and draining the battery (does not auto turn off) Very slow to open. Sometimes does not open at all. Unable to set a fan schedule.
The app continuously says the thermostat is offline when it is not. No clear way to submit app problems to the company. Continuously doing updates, sometimes fixes and then the next one makes it fail.
What happened? Every time I open the app now it's extremely slow. It's faster for me to just go to the device to switch temp.
This app does not work well on Android devices. It makes me regret buying nest products. Too many bugs, please fix them.
Used to be good. Now it's kind of dated, stuck in the past in design and functionality. Worst of all, home/away assist hardly works correctly
App acts up. Does not open when you need it to. Pretty useless to me when i can't check my cameras or thermostat.
Still sitting here waiting for it to load did it asks me to Bree sign in can still sitting here after signing and waiting for it to load families dead stuff stolen house burnt down none of it caught on camera because I'm sitting here waiting for it to load
Latest update requires me to toggle wifi to get it to connect. Most of the time I open the app it goes to a random event on the doorbell feed instead of the main page. Generally slow to load.
Home and Away assist no longer works. That's basically the reason why people own a Nest in the first place so that needs to be fixed immediately. It's been more than a week.
The home away assist doesn't work at all. I've been away from home for several hours and it's not switched. This caused a spike in my last electric bill since my ac is running when it's not supposed to.
The most problematic app on my device. I have to remove the app from recents a few times before the app actually does anything. Then by the time the app works I have to login again, I use the app daily, why should I have to login again.
New wifi, nest protect just pretended everything was fine. Pointless product, save your $$
I dont know what you guys did in your last update but it rarely works now and wont take the correct password over half the time then after the 10th try it finally takes the login it will take 10-15 mins to load up. Then it wont update with notifications most of the day then you get 15 at once.
Why does the picture-in-picture show what's on the main screen? Ie: when I zoom the camera in, the PIP should (and used to) show the normal full view. Now when you zoom, the PIP zooms too and you get this little squished view that's useless in the PIP.
If only it worked, it would be awesome. I used to use this for the thermostat, but it never loads anymore.
Convenient and works well for thermostat. Now that I turned off ECO and run by scheduled temps, I'm much happier with it. Otherwise it takes 2-3 hrs of continuous A/C to cool for the night.
I don't know what happened to it but it will never launch anymore. It just loads and loads. Reinstalled and still nothing. I have to use the website now
Fix your app! Used to load fine and work well, now it doesn't! What's the point of paying for service when the service doesn't work!
What's the deal NEST?! My camera keeps going offline! Fix please!
So many problems and it always takes hours to get to support. So many problems and always takes hours to get to support.
I wish i could control hot water with greater granularity than 30 minute intervals which are forced to begin and end on the hour or half past.
Home/Away doesn't work anymore
Listen to the bad reviews. Does not work
Please implement recording per motion detection only. Having 24/7 recording when nothing is happening is a waste of bandwidth.
It worked great when installed but now will not load. Just a little house with a spinning circle.
Doesn't load on wifi anymore, just spins.
Should be able to rearrange products on app. Should be able to turn on and off camera with Google Assistant. Should be able to get notifications at certain time of day.
App always failing to connect
It doesn't work.
Absolute trash. T.R.A.S.H.
It constantly disconnect and I have to manually connect.
App no longer launches
So no longer works
It is a good app, quite convenient for managing your thermostat
Lots of useful settings for all your nest products.
Dropcam app had the ability to zoom. This app doesn't.
It's all good!
Love it.
Sloooow
Easy to use
The Cameras are good and have great picture but the do sporadically go off line for a few minutes. Also I get alerts of a person in the back yard at night for the basketball goal and it provides a unknown person picture of the goal? The app has started having an issue logging in on wifi. If I toggle my wifi off and back on on my android device, it will log in without issue.
We use it to monitor the nursery and we're really pleased we got it. It was simple to set up, simple to use and gives us the peace of mind we need. We got it after trying a Motorola product which was terrible. The only reason we didn't give it 5 stars was because of the price which seems a little steep, but overall I'd recommend it.
Please allow a the user to allocate a minimum time before home and Away eco temperatures activate. I live in a 5 bedroom accommodation where, if no-one gets up, the thermostat will assume we're all "away" and will stop heating the house. Please allow the users to set a minimum time of lack of activity sensors before home and Away activates. For my case it would be 24-36 hours, so would only activate if we were truly out of the house (holiday/visiting family/weekend trip and not just slowly freezing in bed).
LOVE the Nest app and products! I have a thermostat and four cameras...couldn't imagine life without them! Will give a fifth star when picture-in-picture support is added so I can watch my daughter's camera feed while browsing the web or checking email.
Home Away Assist is not showing my phone ever being "Away". I have uninstalled, reinstalled, given permissions, this is on a Google Pixel 2 running Android P. The app just says "We haven't heard from your phone in a few days" after a week or so. This is odd seeing as Google and Nest share the same parents company.
So dumb that there is only one notification sound for all of the different alerts your products send out. Can't tell you how many times I've disregarded my doorbell because the alert is the default notification. Don't think I'd begetting a smoke detector or carbon monoxide detector the alert would sound like another annoying text or app notification to disregard. Very disappointing.
Horrible experience with the app and product itself. The home/away functionality would stop working without notification. The troubleshooting steps to confirm location services were on consisted of essentially those steps. I've "learned" this was a waste of time and energy. I have used for 3 months and had zero savings. I've spent more in 3 months than in 2017 for electricity. I'm going back to my previous company.
I have the Nest Cam IQ Outdoor and have problems using the night vision. When I initially turn on night vision the image is spectacular and clear across the entire vision area. Over the course of a minute darkness creeps in around the edges and create a narrow field of view that's difficult to see what was only moments ago very clear. I'm now currently using the camera with night vision always disabled for this reason.
I perfer the dropcam version. The new version is terrible with the screen inside a screen. I should have the option if i want the live screen inside the screen while viewing history. Plus the dots on the side is stupid. The old version was so much cleaner. If this software doesn't clean up it's act I will be dumping Nest and switching to Swann.
Overall would be a wonderful app when it loads. On a pixel 2 and opening the app always puts me to relog in my user id and password. Even after logging in it sits on the nest loading screen before sending me back to relog my user and password . I have a solid connection to the internet so I have a feeling it's just riddled with bugs.
Not sure what happened after the last update, but I no longer receive push notifications for my front door or front yard activity, the only 2 cameras I have notifications setup for. I checked my permissions/notifications in settings on my phone and the only strange thing I noticed is that it shows in grey at the bottom, 2 notifications deleted. Is anyone else experiencing this? I also just enabled email notifications to see if that makes a difference.
This update made my house go to 78 today while I'm home and it's set to 68. Really piss me off. I have all the features shut off because I have always used Nest like a normal set til I change it thermostat. So there is no reason this should have happened.
This app has crashed my phone (Moto z-play) *hard,* twice. If I turn on the app and then turn off Bluetooth it crashes my phone until I reset my device. I'm confident one can replicate this. This app turns on Bluetooth without my permission, without any way of deactivating this function. There is also no way of removing this as a permission. This app never explains why it turns on Bluetooth. This function crashes my phone.
It would be ideal if the current temperature indicator was a different color, not just shaded, than the other set temperature indicators for greater visibility. Often I find that I will change the temperature and when I get home I will be set back to eco or scheduled temperature. Overriding options not available making it a fairly frustrating experience on average.
Terrible. Always has trouble launching the app. It's weird since it seems to matter what you're connecting from. While in my own Wi-Fi (directly next to my router with perfect connection to everything else), I can't log in. Toggle it off to use cellular data and it'll work half the time. Very crappy experience.
Just riddled with issues. Lags, errors during save, buffers for ages and times out, lacking in basic functionality (misses motion capture, doesn't allow going to specify time stamp, can't review clips on phone, can't change sort/srarch is non existent). Maybe it will get better with time.
It is nice to be able to change the thermostat from your phone and check your cameras. The issue has become during playback of video the app crashes all the time. In the last 2 days it's crashed around 6 times. My wife has an iPhone and she has the same issues. Other friends are reporting the same thing.
This app was good until the latest update. I updated it 7/28 and now it takes forever to load, it just goes in circle and I'm not confident that the away feature is working correctly with this new version. Please fix it ASAP!
App worked great until latest update. Now, video playback no longer works, filter settings constantly change without user input, and notifications lag so badly I'm unable to make use of the doorbell intercom. Wish I could get my money back on the Nest Hello.
Becareful using two step verification. I used a number provided by my employer (worked there 20 years). We parted way, and im trying to change the two step number. Nest tells me this cant be done, and the account needs to be deleted and the devices connected to new account. I have 4 cameras and 4 nest detect, shared with family etc. Crazy there is no redundancy for an issue like this.
Had no problems with ap until last update, now it won't open correctly. Sends me back to login screen and I never get into the actual ap. Used to work great on my Pixel2xl now its a dud
No longer opening. Have uninstalled and reinstalled Thermostat features are never added. I'd like for my fan to run additional time after my air turns off, but there's is no option for this. No self learning effort at all in this space. There still isn't an option for additional remote sensors. I've become disappointed with this product over the past two years.
Home/Away technology is what makes Nest valuable and it is completely broken in this app. With a Moto G, Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL it never updates, which means that my $300 "smart" thermostat is wasting electricity and money like a dumb thermostat.
Nest app takes forever to load...just subscribed and it made it take even longer to load. It's too bogged down to be functional. Please streamline app and make it load quickly.
Seemed to work fine before. Now i get logged off for no reason and when I'm logged in, the indicator(?) just goes around and around and doesn't make a solid connection to the thermostat or it will take a long time and sometimes have a connection problem. Good thing for my Vivent app i can access and adjust it right away and not wait for the Nest app to kick in.
Latest update broke away assist. It used to detect location well in the background but now will not change unless the app is opened. Away assist also no longer switches from home to eco despite nest recognizing the location change
App stopped working 4 days ago... still no servise. I can login on the website and app does not work on 2 different devices. Should have bought an Ecobee!
I think it sucks. I used to tap and view screen full size. Now i get a half screen, and a bunch of useless info. I dont need. Why fix something that isn't broken? My $50 cameras work better than this
This app has turned to garbage, home away function doesnt work correctly and now it doesnt want to log in half the time I go to use the app. Whats the point of having smoke alarms, thermostats, and security cameras when the app to use them isnt reliable.
Since update, cannot use timeline on Huawei P20 Pro. Scrolling make video go black. Click an event and it works OK, but timeline is one of the most useful features when it works, so this is super annoying
For the love of Christmas please get rid of the Nest Aware reminder banner at the top of the viewing window, it pops up every few seconds. It's driving me crazy! Update: 2/21 OMG these double notifications are driving me crazy, please let us choose a notification sound too, this should be a no brainer. Update 9/14/17 How do any of the Nest engineers still have jobs? Double notification is back and it's more annoying than ever. This is making me wanna get rid of Nest all together! It's not reliable and the app is terrible. This is pathetic. Update 8/15/18 Now Android app won't allow login for the login takes a very long time I have no problem logging in with iPhone
App will not open half of the time. The iOS app doesn't seem to have the same loading issue. Very disappointed since I pay for the nest aware feature but the app won't load.
The app works fine when I'm away from home, on mobile data or on a different WiFi network. However, when I'm on my own WiFi network it just hangs on the log in house screen. Support told me, because it's working under other situations, it's not there problem and I have to take it up with my ISP, which is at&t. I've previously had great support experiences with Google companies. This is a huge let down. I switched from a skybell to the nest hello to get something that actually works. So much for that.
Have been gone for 3 days and we come home to find that the AC has been going most if the time we were away. Both my wife and I have the home/away assist turned on and it shows that it was working. Plus I thought that if the phones were not using it, the other products would set the away if they did not detect movement in the home.
This morning, my Nest app told me that it hasn't been connected to the internet in 11 hours. So I went to device and it says it's connected. The app says it isn't. I reset my router, and the device still says it's connected but the Nest app still keeps saying it isn't. This is very irritating. It makes the nest useless to me.
nest cam with recording - when it works it's great, when I can't log in and contact support only to get a canned response, it sucks. looking into another service to switch to that is more reliable and has better customer service.
App frequently fails to open, with an occasional "trouble communicating with servers..." or similar error message. When it works, it's great, but lately it malfunctions more than it functions.
Why does it take forever for the app to load after opening? Why do I have to login every time I open the app? I can be right next to my router and still spinning, still nothing. Are you all reading the comments/reviews?! Are you working to fix these errors?! Please do. Thank you
Can not scroll back and see video. Would work before update. Worthless for the money I pay.
I love the bird's-eye view I get, now that I installed high voltage outlets in my common living areas. I found an awesome compact mount/plug that eliminates the long cord and bulky plug that comes with the nest cam. 5-Stars!
Recent update cause some major issue.1 thermostats gone off line. 2 Room temperature shoot up to 29 degree due that boiler was on for couple of hours.
Good cameras ruined by mediocre software. Slow and laggy when I need it most. Then to add insult to injury, every alert comes through twice. Clear the alert and get another for the same event again.
Latest update is pretty poor quality, did anyone test it? Takes forever to load (minutes) should be instant!
Today it kept having problems logging in and i know it wasnt wifi problems its on your end also even though we have the subscription it doesnt always play back the doorbell video or sound.
home away doesn't work even when your phone location shows your away. waste of money for somthing that is not even smart regret buying a smart thermostat.
It worked great untill update. Now it does not connect to nest at home. No problem with webpage but app stopped working. Fix it
This is a review for The Nest thermostat app. The app was working fine until the last update, and now it does not want to load. I get the loading icon for up to five minutes before the app actually loads. It worked fine before, but now it does not.
The ability to time lapse scroll has malfunction again. This always happen after app updates.
App stopped working on wifi after the latest update. Cannot connect and it keeps logging out. Great coding Google (sarcasm).
The newest update took away everything that I enjoyed from nest. I bought my cameras because it would record for 7 days and now it's only a few hours unless I subscribe monthly, and when I try to view the hour old footage I can't. The screen is just black. My notifications used to have little videos/pictures attached now I have to click on the notification and if the app decides to load it doesn't even take me to the correct time. This product used to be a 5 out of 5 and did everything it was advertised to do, but not any longer.
I have The Nest Thermostat. It hardly works with my A/C Unit. The Nest. I'm going to go back to a regular Thermostat. Do NOT get The Nest on anything. It's Horrible!!!
Love the app... only thing I would want that's not offered is notifications when something is opened... even when the alarm is off or on... not just when the alarm goes off.
After some persistence, it finally downloaded for me, but it did give me some bit of trouble. Hopefully there wont be any more issues going forward with the app.
Home/Away Assist does not work. Go out expecting the app to do it's job and adjust the temperature but it doesn't. Stay home and suddenly it is extremely hot because it thinks no one is home.
Updated to 3 stars. Changing router helped resolve prior offline issues; however, it seems there is a new problem after every app update. Device Maintenance still showing app crashes and new issue. After last app update, not receiving push notifications on phone when person reappears in camera view within 5-15 minutes. The lag time for the initial push notification is also longer than before update. App shows snapshots but no 2nd notification. Tech rebooted cameras. Less than 24 hrs later, problem reappeared. Takes too long to get help from tech support! OLDER REVIEW: When they work, they're great; however, I have had continual problems since installing 3 Nest cams last year. They go offline every time I go more than an hour away. Work for a while, then all 3 cameras go offline within a minute or two of each other. Will not come back on until I return home. For past couple off weeks cameras going offline sporadically, even when I am home. App crashing 1-2 times daily. I have spent hours upon hours with senior techs trying to resolve issues. No one can identify the problem. What good are security cameras if they do not work when one is away (or at home, for that matter.) Extremely frustrated!
The most recent updates seem to have 'broken' this app. It no longer registers when my phone is home or away and so my 'smart' thermostat is not acting very smart!
Updates blow out my login info - that alone is unacceptable, but now the app is turning on bluetooth constantly wherever I am. Get this nonsense sorted out, now.
Camera works great app crashes or goes down often. We use as a baby cam and its not reliable enough to use.
Ever since the last update, this app fails to load timely. So frustrating to watch a spinner.
It worked fine until the last update. Now it either doesn't connect or does so really slowly. What is the point of a connected device that you can't connect to.
The July 24, 2018 update messed up the app. It takes for ever to load even on a Pixel XL running Pie
Stop turning on my bluetooth. If I turn it off manually it should remain off unless prompted.
Love this app.. Especially when I'm too lazy to get my butt off the couch to adjust the temperature..
Home/away assist is broken since upgrading to Android 9 (or maybe it's just the latest Nest app). The app knows I've arrived home, but doesn't carry out any of the actions it's supposed to like switching off cameras.
New update will not connect. Spins and spins and spins. Please fix, it's worthless to me!!!
Recent update ruined it. Thermostat won't work on my home wifi.
Garbage app and garbage products that are overpriced. Buggy app doesn't allow you to change temperature modes for your home, difficult and confusing to navigate, schedule is confusing, and usage history fails to update and sometimes shows trends and other times is empty. Save your money and avoid this product.
Constantly freezes on Android 9 Pie. Will fail to open 3 out of 5 times I try to use it. Have to force quit the app and sometimes restart my Pixel 2 XL.
Try to turn off the camera and it just comes back on. Camera will not shut off
Why can't we get the home reports or just the simplified stats from in the app every month. Would be far better for analysing trends.
The app stop working after the free trial subscription ends. It keeps frozen doesn't matter how many times I have tried to open it. Now it's useless. Is this the way your company force users to pay more every year?
Ok. So it is great that we can see the activity in the home away settings area. However now my nest shows the event in the activity but doesn't change the thermostat to home or away. So I see the activity, it knows I'm home or away but no status change. Please fix. This is the most essential piece for me.
Terrible app. Takes forever to load, camera takes even longer to scan code. Then when at end of adding device it says something went wrong
Owned Nest Thermostat for over two years. Been great device. I have added two Nest Protects and Nest Camera the last year. App has worked great with no issues. Easy to use all with notifications working correctly. How great is home remote access?!
I am unable to scroll through my history, everytime I start to scroll it goes back to earlier in the day and when I stop it goes back to live how can we fix this problem?
Geofencing (home/away) with your smart phone does not work. I've been home for over 5 hours and the thermostat and app both say I'm away. Being the most well known smart thermostat, it should be a little more smart.
App worked well but past few updates I have nothing to show...just sits me at the loading screen. Uninstalled and reinstalled... no change. Please help and/or fix
Suddenly can't get or stay connected on a MotoZ Play. Do you like watching a buffering wheel for 10 minutes to access your app? Did you actually pay someone to develop/update this app?
Extremely easy to navigate. The main screen interface has all devices in 1 spot with easy access. Nest products are like tattoos. You won't want to stop at just one. Great products for building a Smart Home!
Nest needs to up their game by allowing users to let users control the fan schedule without having to turn the thermostat to heat or cool .
The new update is good, but does not always open. The App needs to be a little more stable, but works more than it does not.
Outages mean the security that nest is selling isn't really there. Very disappointed
For some reason the notifications don't include the animated GIFs of the action that set off the alarm any longer. Can this be fixed?
Nest needs to have an option to set a timer to run AC. I turn AC on and sometimes fall asleep with AC running for hours and hours! PLEASE MAKE A TIMER OPTION FOR AC!!!!
Buggy app: hangs a lot, sometimes cameras turn on when indoors, sometimes cameras turn off when outdoors. User interface unintuitive.
Account linking always fails, have to control everything manually through the app.
I hate apps that log me out after upgrades
After the last update the app has been useless. Stays loading 24/7.
Latest update is not good ... When away from home, I can't connect to my thermostat!!
Lags and delay are really unacceptable. Still waiting to login for ever this afternoon
Home away detection is super buggy and doesn't work most of the time
Leave the bluetooth alone when it is turned off. Constantly turning it on.
Terrible update for this app totally ruined it so disappointed
Horrible app ...doesn't log in anymore
Really enjoy the nest products, but the home away assist is having issues with detecting if I am home or away with Google Pixel.
Crashes a lot, like all the time. If it even opens at all
App does not load often. Annoying when the app is not readily available.
Been slow logging in lately and have problems with it being offline.
Can not get email address tô gostando through
Since a recent update the app will not work on the same home wifi that the thermostat is using perfectly well. It will only allow a login on cellular.
This app takes for ever to open in my Galaxy s7 edge with oreo android since its last update while on 5 ghz wifi.
Doesn't log in after updating. Learning schedule sucks and runs up AC bill!!!.
App is more interested in up selling products than helping me get started. Can't find a way to sync my wifi to the camera.
Can't view taped video. Notifications stopped working.
After Android 9 update it stop working
Never works.. live feed just constantly buffers
App is not working as before. Always hangs and spins.
It off line most of the time and it gives notification really late I have 2 separate accounts needs to have a way to view both
Great customer service, great product for the money. High quality products. Support always available for you anytime. Easy instructions to install. Love my Nest.
Video scrubbing and export features almost never work right. Not worth the ripoff subscription fee.
in the 2 months that i have had the 3rd gen nest thermostat, i have spent MORE money than i have ever with my pg&e bill. it is ridiculous how i have not yet saved a penny and i am forced to remain on ECO mode. either my nest is not what it claims to be or my electricity bill is scamming me. as far as the app goes- does NOT work on my samsung galaxy s9+. it will bring me to the log in and just keep loading. i am forced to use the internet version instead of the app. what is up with that?
Great app! Easy to use and compatible with ifttt and Alexa!
Was working great but now app freezes once you start it
Version 5.25.0.4 broke connection with the thermostat
Home away assist works maybe half the time. My doorbell doesn't need to notify me when it sees me.
The app won't load. Just spins and spins and spins
Will not connect since the last update.
Since the last UPDATE the app wont open
It doesn't open on Android Pie over WiFi
Not working when we are back home by gps. Only works by motion detection.
Can't connect to nest service while service state on the website says normal
The cam wont load up after about 22 tries
So not going to Amazon fire tablet/kindle
App never register me away when I leave home. Location is enabled and mobile data enabled.
I love using Nest Thermostat at my home and using the Nest App is really easy.
Dead on Android Pie.
Saw mommy neckaid
Quality product but so are ZTE cell phones.
Lately it's not even working. Used to be good
b'Just keeps spinning.....??'
Easy to use and camera is good.
Pathetic app
It works pretty well.
Great App easy to use.
Fantastic!
Works flawlessly
Used to work
The only thing I can do with the app controlling is... home or away. For the cost I could have used my old thermostat to do that. No charges in my electric bill, but my town won't allow you to save money on that. Looks cool
These cameras are very expensive. The resolution is awsome (2k) with amazing night vision . The main problem is the camera's frequently automatically go offline for what could be 10 minutes or up to an hour. Error message: Try again check network connection. WIFI network connection is good and all other devices are connected with no problems. Footage is lost and not recorded during that offline period. Cameras need to come with a separate monitor screen.
Terrible glitches like notifications taking you to the "blank screen of death", or the all too common "not logging in, saying to 'try again' or 'click link to check system status'". Which is always green... But via chrome login is fine--suggesting account and main service is fine. Just a terribly buggy app. Also nobody can hear your voice on the other side of the camera because volume is so low.
The home away feature works two times out of 10. Which is a shame since that feature seems to be able to save you a lot of money on electrical bills. I have contacted support many times which they are pretty good except every time you called they asked you for all the same information over and over again. We go through all the setups on my phone and everything appears to be set correctly.
I wish I can write hundred reviews for this app but even if I could, I dont think I could Express how disappointed and annoyed i am with this app. All I can do with this app is press away or home. I dont even know what that means. If there is more to this app, then it is not user friendly. I used to have a honeywell thermostat with the app that worked great but I switched to the nest because I moved. The nest looks cool but it's not worth it. I'm going to look into replacing the thermostat
The app itself can be rather unreliable. Regardless of having a good wifi connection the camera is either offline or unable to connect to the app on a regular basis. Sometimes, for no apparent reason, the app does not display recent activity or will delete it. We haven't purchased the monthly service and I'm not sure that we ever will given the basic doesn't even work all that well.
Recently, I noticed that this app has been turning on my Bluetooth every few hours. Can the developers advise why this is the case? It even turns on when I am not home so what exactly is it trying to do? I do not like Apps turning on and off various connections as it pleases
App worked great until latest update. Now the screen no longer turns blue when the air conditioner turns on. Also it says that the thermostat is not connected to wifi when it actually is and many times will not turn on the air conditioner when lowering temp. All brand new problems with the latest update. Please fix!!
After the latest update, frequently thermostat is getting disconnected from WiFi where as all other devices in home are properly connected. Screen goes off suddenly too as if there's a power outage when there's none.
I think the primary purpose of a doorbell is to let you know when someone is ringing it. Unfortunately, you get exactly the same notification for someone ringing the doorbell as you do for a text message, email, or any other of the thousands of notifications for every app on your phone. A notification of someone walking by can be a simple push notification. But if someone pushes the doorbell, my phone should ring or do something more urgent than just a single notification that gets buried among every other notification. And yes, I've set the app notifications for ringing the doorbell to urgent and set a ring tone for that, but if my phone is on vibrate, then I get a single short vibration and not the longer continuous vibration of an incoming phone call.
Well like another review. I just resently started having problems with the auto home/away. Not sure if there was a resent update but it worked great and like 2 days ago it will not detect when I get home have to manually change it. Starting to get disappointed in how the app is working. Have invested a lot of money in nest products throughout entire home and now the app is not working properly!!
Why are the fan settings so limited? You should be able to run the fan however you need. There should be at a minimum, three time periods which can be set, not just one. For instance, if i set the fan to run from 9 AM to 3 PM, I should also be able to set another time frame, say, 12 AM to 5 AM... But, no... Only one time frame is allowed. Dumb.
In general the outdoor camera could be better. The night vision is poor for long distance, anyone running or walking fast is a blur, speaking through it has too much lag, about a 5 sec buffer from live because of forced cloud service. Cloud service ad every 5 sec. The app is good only on my wifi. Won't playback on 4g lte, only thumbnails and jog dialing.
I've had this app for about 2 years with my outdoor camera. Now I no longer get highlighted motion events. This issue is only on my android phone, it works fine on my iPhone. I sure hope it gets fixed.
Brilliant app and products. Just started using the hello and it beets the ring hands down which is what the hello replaced. There are few things that could be improved i.e I selected my camera to be off when we are home but this should turn on when someone presses the hello button and then turn back off again once you finish. Currently you have to manually turn it on to take the call then it doesn't turn back off. The present sensors wasn't great though the phone but I use their API to trigger this via another system and it works great (Webcore via smartthings). It would also be great if you had the option to turn off the chime between X and Y time, that way when you were in bed or kids were asleep you could only get the notification of a caller rather than the whole bell/ chime. The option of being able to turn the chime on and off is great by they way!
App not detecting location correctly. Very annoying considering the price of the products. Constantly thinks I'm at Home when Away. Complains that the location services is not switched on for the app even though it is.
The application is ok. I purchased the Nest thermostat as I was hoping to save money on my electric bill. One of the big draws for me to this purchase was the Home/Away Assistant. Well this feature although it is suppose to work based on your phones location has FAILED miserably to live up to my expectations as it simply does not work.
Absolutely horrible doesn't work, once you get on the part where you set your address to home/away just loads never goes anywhere. So the app is useless so is the "smart thermostat and all the other smart products" will be buying some other named products!
I love Nest products but don't always love the software with them. Why can't I be notified with a push notification when a door is opened or closed without an alarm being triggered? Why can't I be notified when someone starts or disables the alarm? I should have full notification control over every device but I don't. I'd also love to create users strictly to determine if anyone is home without giving them admin access to all of my devices and without the need of them entering a code. The app uses my phone GPS and I want non-admin accounts that do the same. There should also be a feedback menu item within the app like all of Google's other apps.
What's the point of using an app when it continuously locks you out, doesnt convert to eco mode when you leave your residence or have manageable features. Extremely disappointed
Great software. I bought other cameras trying to save money and they pale in comparison. The time lapse feature is awesome and 24 hour storage is the best
Every time I try to use the app, it says there was a problem connecting to the nest service. When I check the status on their site, it says normal. Unuseable; Samsung S7 edge.
I started with a Nest Hello, and have since installed a Nest Cam outdoor. I would estimate that the cameras and app have a greater than 95% uptime, with the exception of about one and a half weeks in early June (which seemed to be a bad software release causing the Nest Hello to go down constantly). Other than the one bad update, which has been fixed since, the cameras are fairly reliable (four+ months of use so far). Installation of both devices were fairly straight forward following the apps instructions. The app itself is fairly easy to use, but could use an update in the looks department. The GUI looks and feels dated. Email tech support is non existent, and I was extremely disappointed in the canned useless responses. Despite the mentioned short comings, I would recommend the cameras and app in it's current state.
The nest servers are infuriatingly slow. Wait minutes before you can see anything. Useless.
Giving it one star because the app keeps turning on my Bluetooth even though the app is closed. The app doing unwanted system stuff in the background is concerning to me, what else is it doing or collecting?
The smoke detector has a setting where it won't stop the alarm if smoke levels are high enough. So if you screw up while cooking you get the added benefit of an alarm that won't turn off to go with your burnt food
Home/away assist never works no matter what I do. It's really frustrating to have to manually set it to away mode because it refuses to do it on it's own. Edit: Fixed in the latest update.
It keeps turning on my Bluetooth at random times, even when the app hasn't been opened in days. Very annoying.
Geolocation is still not working correctly. 4 hours later and 1/2 a country away, my nest was still in normal mode instead of eco mode.
Needs to support Pinture-In-Picture mode. You're a Google/ Alphabet company... Why don't you have all the features available to you in your app?
HORRIBLE PRODUCTS. get you something with no fees and something that can share in case of emergencies. The app is hard to use and it's stupid slow.
Can not stand that I have to turn the heat or cool function on just to run my central fan to get some circulation (my "dumb" thermostat could do this). This results in the A/C turning on when I have windows wide open because I ran the fan the an hour or 2 the night before and the thermostat reset the higher cooling point u had set it to. Loved it before this started happening this summer, now it's probably wasting more energy than I am saving.
Why oh why if I turn notifications off on one device does it for all? I have multiple devices set up as dashboards around my house to view cameras and don't want them all beeping when they detect someone but I do want my phone to when I'm out
App stopped working on Google Pixel. Nest cams are kind of useless without a functioning app.
I actually love the app and Nest products but I would love to see a change in the interface for the Nest E Thermostat. It would be great if it was easier to tell if the AC is cooling like with the 3rd generation thermostat which has a darker blue background when cooling. Would love to see a similar dark scheme for the E.
After recent update all motion history is gone!! And no new history is being stored! It use to work perfect....fix it Nest! We pay a lot for these cameras
Horrible app. Can't even verify my account. It keeps saying sorry there is something wrong. May as well have a normal thermostat since I can't seem to use the smart feature. I have tried changing the password and nothing seems to work. DO NOT BUY A NEST!!!
If only the app had an option for a customizable notification sound instead of just a default sound. This would be more alerting if so. Nest, please consider this.
Horrible UI, disastrous CDN, abandoned development. This is what I call a real half-ass job. What a waste of time and money to invest in this garbage.
Home away assist is unreliable. 75% of the time it won't detector that I'm away when using phones location. This needs to be fixed
This app is much too basic. Please show the current status, including if the fan and AC are on now and show today's history today. Thanks!
It used to work until the last update now it will not stay online. Sometimes it's on but most of the time it's offline.
You can't go a minute without the app demanding I buy a subscription, very hard to use.
APP crashes when I try to "Connect NEST device". Nest alarm is a terrible product. All of us are Beta testers.
Thermostat is online but the app says it's offline. Wi-Fi is working in perfect order. I restarted the thermostat and uninstalled the app. Still says the thermostat is offline.
Would be nice to have multiple saved profiles for thermostat settings. Ie: winter, spring, summer, fall, etc.
Don't know how to place the Nest icon on the screen
The new update says my nest is offline when im away.
Sightline landscape issue fixed. Thanks.
does not work in a smoke smartwatch
For some reason the app toggles. My Bluetooth on/off Everytime I access
Excellent app once you learn and understand how it works
Keeps freezing
Great app
It's such a pain to deal with. Yesterday the app didn't work at all. Spin spin spin. For all 3 properties. Today it won't open the scanner camera so I can change the wifi. hours wasted. Even unistalled and installed again. It use to work. It's constant hit or miss how many hours it will take to set these things up. Every time it's something else that malfunctions.
Too many updates, the application is already huge for the purpose intended. Not happy with this system of every second day another update! Also your periferals like cameras are way too expensive to afford to buy it and on top of that you're asking more money for storage. Good luck on that!
After my previous review, it is still unacceptable. Terrible. Extremely slow app, only half the notifications when compared to Ring products. Misses me pulling in my driveway DAILY. Right in front of a camera. Nothing but a generic response. Come on Google. You're better than this.
The app's auto home/away detection features are spotty, and I have consistently been unable to sign into the app. Two-factor authentication is a hassle, and frankly the whole experience has been disappointing for what is supposedly a mainstream brand. The support team is great, but I'd rather not have to deal with a support team at all.
b"I have 6 cameras and 2 smoke alarm that works perfect ?? but it's unbelievable that I can't subscribe to nest as I live in Iceland and therefore unable to keep video in store. I can see people complaining about that they have to get subscription but common Nest, what is the difference between where you live in the world if you then are happy to get a subscription and pay for it."
This review only applies to the Nest Hello doorbell. There was no other good place to review. If you don't get the monthly subscription the notifications don't work. I'm not talking about video history or face recognition. I'll get a notification but can't view the image or the image is of my empty doorstep. Useless without subscription. Unethical to sell it this way Nest.
Recently reinstalled when I purchased a Nest Thermostat. During that week my phone battery that normally lasted 2 days was being depleted to 10% remaining within 12 hours. I noticed I was logged into my Best account always, but how else do you get updates from smoke detectors? Since logging out and removing the app, my battery issues have resolved. Too bad. Hope this is fixed soon.
Samsung Galaxy S7 updated to Oreo last night. Nest is my only app not sending alerts and notifications on my phone. Tried everything I could find. Hoping for an app update. 6/27 and no update. Still not alerting properly. It's my only app not working yet. Miss keeping an active eye on the home.
The app freezes up and fails every time I have an alert. If time is of the essence the app will surely fail long enough for me to miss the whole live event. It's great at serving as a video record but I am not impressed with its ability to communicate in real-time
Honestly I'm just leaving this review because I haven't been able to view my cameras in over a week. The app just crashes. I've sent multiple bug reports, but nothing happens. About to cancel my service and use something that actually works.
So painful, I changed my wifi password and Ive deleted, reset, uninstalled, deregistered everything yet still unable to setup... you also need to remove the detector from the ceiling to repair... why? Far out man, for a smart device the system behind it is not smart at all.
I have the thermostat and it falls offline many times and does not connect in the app. This is recent. I never use to have a problem I'm not sure what has happened or what changed but sometimes it's best to leave things alone when they function without the constant updates
This is for the app on my phone and is only for The Nest Thermostat. When I go to schedule the thermostat it allows me to slide around what time it starts and stops but will not slide up and down so that I can set the actual temperature. So right now it's a pain in my ass and I still have to set it by hand or by opening the app up and turning it out before I get some place. It used to work just fine so I'm assuming there was an update and you guys are idiots. So gosh the app is not making me happy right now as I have to do everything by hand which is what I did with the old crappy thermostat. I hope you fix it soon otherwise there are numerous other thermostats that are as good if not better and have apps that work correctly and I can still return these
When I first downloaded this app 3 months ago, it worked great. But now it force closes EVERY time I try to view the video feed. Stays open a few aeconds and closes every single time. Please fix this problem, will revisit my review.
I have the Nest thermostat, the Nest protect and the Nest Cam. I've used this app for a few years now. Unfortunately it just keeps getting worse. It seems to always force close. Currently in getting an error that the app can't connect to Nest Service and to try again later. Nothing seems to fix it.
My biggest complaint is that the app doesn't provide an option to store my videos on my local hard drive. I'm not happy with that restriction. So I bought a webcam to record activity in that room.And it triggers when a light in another room is turned on. The only plus is the motion alerts.
Nest will not allow you to set Evo temperature below 67 for cooling this is too warm my older air conditioner cannot cool back down to proper levels after reaching 76 on a 90 degree day allow your users to choose whatever settings they want.
I’ve installed it on my Philips android TV, but IT crashes EVERY time after selecting a camera. So it’s completely worthless.
It is so bad I can not understand why I ca not find how to change the light for the smoke detector I want to turn off when. I am in the bed room buying me every time I move the ring light turn on stupid I understand usefully if it is a fire but when I sleep in They change the app and can not change anyting And the app ask me to scan the smoke detector again and again Stupid it is install not easy to axesse.
Useless app along with a useless thermostat will never buy anything nest again home away never works the schedule I set up never runs. I have a round knob on the wall that let's my house get up to 85 every day
The app is great, the learning feature on the thermostat sucks. If it's cold 1 day and you turn the temperature up, it thinks that you want that temperature the same day the next week.
I generally hesitate writing a negative review, but this app is driving me nuts. It is the 4th of July and fireworks abound. I smell brimstone and know that I must be in Hell because of the smell and the temperature of my house. I have an unpredictable schedule. I don't want the house to get to 78 degrees before it starts cooling in preparation for me to come home. Nest won't let me program the maximal variance to my temperature and won't be able to learn my schedule. This means that even if I "lock" the maximum temperature to 72 (Which I did--I didn't get this to save on energy bills, just to have better thermostatic control). It won't keep the temp within my locked range. Nest knows where I will be most comfortable (apparently in Hell). It lets the house get to 78 degrees and I am miserable. Perhaps Nest's interest is to demonstrate monetary savings rather than provides a real service to the customer. If you want to control the temperature of your house, avoid Nest's Thermostat/App. The combo doesn't allow you to control your house's temp. It is a tyrant...an insidious virus. I will probably smash my Nest Thermostat with a hammer. I wouldn't inflict it on another person.
Current version is busted. Connected to same wifi and internet, camera streams coming through fine, but home/away assist isn't working. I can't even turn off cameras manually, with it constantly trying to regain connection specifically on camera settings view.
A few issues with the app with android galaxy s7. When I tilt my device to view a section that I am previewing, it reverts back to the live image, not allowing me to view the larger video, making me search for the time section again and only in the small form.
App always crashes when switching from camera to the thermostat. Love the product the app is garbage will change review if app is ever updated and works properly on android devices.
My Nest Thermostat app used to work perfectly. But after the last update, it falls offline constantly. This should have been beta tested first.
Clunky app, overpriced products and services and notifications rarely work on cellular. If I were to choose again I would have chosen another product.
Works, but app still has frustrating design limitations even after over 4 years. Needs: 1. Widget to toggle home & away with one tap. The App currently takes 5 motions! Tap to launch, tap for home/away selection screen, tap to select away, tap for tasker, swipe to close. At least make the app show home/away toggle from the main screen. 2. Multiple saved profiles of temperatures. We currently have to either keep both heat/cool in the same schedule (takes yet more taps to do anything), rather than just cool in summer and heat in winter. 3. (Update: location-based / Nest Protect sensed home-mode has finally been added in 2017) App already has Wifi profile detection, so disable auto-away if home Wifi is still connected! 4. Up/down/left/right arrows for the scheduler. Trying to finesse small time & degree increments even on 5.7" screen is very frustrating.
Shared Nest Hello videos aren't very Android friendly. Won't play in many browsers and video players...not even Chrome, Dolphin Browser, VLC player or MX player. Please use a more universal format. I didn't have this issue with Ring.
It keeps saying that the thermostat is offline even when my network connection is working. Tried resetting but still giving me the same message
Pricey at $199.99 built well and worked fine after it dropped several times. 3.5 stars out of 5 for not supporting MicroSD cards.
Functional app. I think it needs a Material Design update (it doesn't look very good right now!)
Why is the history only for 10 days in the app, not unlimited days so we can go back to any day/month we want to check ?
Brilliant! I have sold or discarded other products and moved everything to Nest. I love the integration with Google home in the ease of only having to open one app. Keep up the good work.
Keeps putting my ac in Eco mode, it won't stop no matter what I do.
1) Remove annoying logo watermark over video 2) surface camera on/off to top
App is stuck on an endless load screen after multiple restarts and re-installs. Currently useless.
Touch inputs for the Galaxy s8 aren't responsive, I have to click any button to cool or heat my house several times before it registers
Stopped working for the essential phone ph-1, it says problem connecting to nest device, please try again in a few minutes.
I updated the Nest app and now I'm having such an issue with the app. Please return to how it was. Everything was working before and now it's not, please fix.
There's a camera? I use this for air conditioning. Why isn't there a manual to understand how to use it? << A installer from the company installed it for me.
Wont even open half the time so i cant adjust it when im not home. Needs to be fixed bad!
You can't view other locations thermostat. It keeps crashing as soon as you touch to view another location.
Everything it's setup right but it won't recognize my credentials. Asking for password even is the right one. Crappy
I love the nest items I wish there was an option to do a timelapse of all the days of your subscriptions that options would be cool and also be able to timelapse from your mobile phone , while being able to make longer clips from your phone also
Just another excuse to gather personal data and distribute it to the marketers that they want to.
For being a smart device app, this offers very little. At the least I'd like to see temperature history for thermostats. It has to know the history to be a smart thermostat.
It works OK, but notifications are sketchy on the mobile app (honor 9 lite).
Without nest aware, the history of events is lame.
App is a nightmare...it keeps shutting down on me
You are forced to buy the subscription after you paid 200 for the camera!
Constantly freezing. Minimum functions.
Massive echo when talking to the Nest Hello doorbell. The person at the doorbell end can hear his voice back.
Home/away is not working with my phone (pixel 2 xl)
App keeps stopping. On both Ipad and Samsung Andoid devices
Video clips are now missing from notifications and buttons to pause, ff and rewind are gone from camera screens
I been have fall if any get one .u need one at your or room .I'm live
Usually good, but lately the app has been crashing quite a bit.
Needs the ability to change push notification sound. Even better if for each device within the app.
Video clips don't load/play when I click to watch them.
Schedule does not work
Decent With Minor Bugs. I love the ability to set zones in the app now.
Great app but it would be nice to correct the 'fish eye' distortion of the camera.
Sweet app wish all the manufacturers would set one standard like wifi
I wish you could pay for Nest Aware with Google Play in app.
Quick, simple.... Wish you could add widgets of current temp.... Overall great!
Great app, combines access to thermostats, smoke alarms, security systems and cameras.
Latest update is trash! Fix!!!!!
Love being able to change the temp from anyolace!
I love this app!
So good camera.app work good.
Love it!!
Great app
Easy setup
Good enough
Good
I have the old dropcam pro that was supposed to be upgraded with software to full HD and they never did keep their promise and do it. Camera and software together are okay. The app is sketchy. It only allows 1 hour recordings which is a pain and it doesn't review past clips in full screen when I turn the phone sideways as it used to do.
The auto away on Nest thermostats does not work. I have it set to use my Geo location, nest and nest protect to set to away mode when I'm not home. I'm over 200 miles away from my home and no one is there yet the best still cooled my house on schedule.
b"I just signed in to the app, hit send email to verify account and can't get Emails. I have hit resend 30 times. First impressions are lasting impressions! Not impressed and may return nest hello if this is the level of technological support for a tech device. ??"
This. App. Sucks. It looks pretty, the UI is simple and clean, but it doesn't work. Hardly ever. I have a Nest Hello and it's one in a blue moon that I can actually see the live feed from its camera, the talk back is extremely laggy, and the app takes forever to load anything. Plus the integration with Google Home hasn't been working since I got it 3 months ago. Please fix this, it's literally the purpose of the app and the hardware.
The Nest app and thermostat are great!!! But this last update in June 2018 has somehow thrown off my temperature gauge in the app, so that now while my a/c was turning on at 24*C, it doesnt turn on until 25*C is reached. It's some kind of glitch. I hope Nest fixes it soon!
Please add ability for current days usage to be viewable. Very buggy. Was unable to contact support through their app. Said there was an error. The above was sent over a year ago. Are you able to add usage of current day? The data must already be there.
Please take down the latest update. It doesn't work on any of my devices!! 05/03/18 update still doesn't work ... really Nest?? 5/25/18 2 updates later and still not fixed. Update from June 12 finally worked. Changed from 1 star to 4.
The Nest Camera functionality is bad. It's really clunky and hard to control with any kind of precision. Forget trying to get to a specific time to see something that happened.
No new features at all in like 5 years, how about adding something new as simple as being able to run your air conditioner for a set amount of time without having to revert to changing the schedule! Come on
You should make the daily usage able to zoom in on it. Sometime there are several events all on top of one another and I am not really able to see what they are.
With the last update, WiFi is showing as offline. Even though the device (wall unit) itself is showing connected. I have to cycle through the menus in the device to find WiFi and then connect on the already connected connection. Then back to main. Then in the app, I have to close it and restart.
My wifi constantly disconnects from my Nest Hello! My Nest Thermostats don't have this issue.
Too slow to respond to someone at at the Nest Hello video doorbell. I wait minutes for the app to open and become functional after notification that someone is at my door. Ironically I have a Google Pixel phone.
Nest thermostat is junk nest if you see this please make it so the schedule will take it out of eco mode the schedule sould over ride everything when your junkie overpriced thermostat goes into eco mode my house is not cool at 4pm likevthe schedule says I have called chatted and emailed but no one at nest gives a sheet what Customer wants so stay away from nest go with any other brand and save
This app is surprisingly lacking. Such as not being able to pause, and not being able to control the video length when saving to device. These should be no-brainers, guys...
This app is broken. It fails to send a verification E-Mail which makes account creation and app use impossible.
App works great if the thermostat will connect. Thermostat will not connect anymore and a month after contacting support I have not heard back from them.
No matter what, my nest never goes into Auto Away mode after 2 hours like it's supposed to. Yes of course it's enabled. In the past year it has only worked 2 times.
Last update made Nest doorbell wifi sketchy. No longer displays on Chromecast.("..stream is no longer available.." I use a Google Wifi Mesh router system. This all was working last week.
The app stopped working. In the last few weeks the app has stopped working. It doesn't login and I can see the camera.
Simple easy to use works better than my old system far easier to use and less to no connection error
How can I add Google Assistant on my Nest Cam Indoor IQ
Offered the update it stopped working
Never worked
Give me time to use it
Amazing!!!
Thermostat is awesome
Nice
Great
Way faster and more reliable than other similar home security products (i.e. ring). Be aware of the upload speed/data requirements especially in places like Australia (shouldn't be a problem on most nbn50 plans though). I wish there were more controls over what triggers a motion alert, because at night it gets set off for small things like distant lighting changes.
Why did you kill the Dropcam app??? You should take the old Dropcam system and update it to the Nest app bc it was way better/faster!!! It takes forever for my videos to propagate on any of my devices!!! I don't need to see the Nest logo spinning for two minutes when I want to see what is going on with my cameras... Load my EFFIN cameras ASAP!!!
24/05 - started working again! This app was pretty good until it stopped working. Like other recent reviewers, I am no longer able to connect to my thermostat from my Android phone. Come on Nest, please sort this out!
The app is great in theory. The subscription is expensive if you own very many cameras. It definitely keeps me from buying more. But most importantly the app let me down when I was away and unfamiliar people showed up on my property. I couldn't get video clips tonpkay back smoothly and it was a generally janky experience. I think the app is good but the back end service is slow and unreliable, making the whole thing fall apart. Super frustrating when it doesn't just work smoothly when you need it most.
This is purely for the Nest Hello doorbell. The software is terrible. Lets say 2 or 4 new people show up at the door and the software identifies them as unknown person in the "people" tab area of the app. If I do not do anything, the next day those people will be gone from the system. Yes, I do have a subscription.
Please fix this. Nest is a great set of products let down by the app. The Home/Away assist isn't very reliable - when it recognises I'm away from home, it wont turn on indoor cams without me going into the app. It's the same with notifications - I've got to go into the settings to get them to activate each time I'm away. Very frustrating.
Very disappointed that I can not run my fan with no heating or cooling mode selected. My previous programmable thermostat had two switches, one to select the mode heat/off/cool, one for the fan auto or on. I could have it selected to mode/off with the fan on. Nest won't allow that, bad software.
The app pushed me out and wouldn't let me sign back in. So I deleted the app and tried again still the same thing cannot log into it. Also my nest cam has been off line more then it has been working, has not worked at all in the past 4 days.....300$ cam and never works? My 70$ cam is more dependable
Home/away does not work correctly now. There have been numerous times where I'm not able to change from away to home with the app. Get an error that says "home" is not available right now. Hate coming home to a hot house. Please fix the bugs.
Keeps giving me alerts that it's detected movement on the camera but if I double tap the alert I just get a black screen. If I go back I can see the live camera feed but no alerts appear on the timeline.
The app worked fine for the first couple of weeks. Now it freezes all of the time, mostly shows stills instead of video, and only for the past hour. It is basically unusable which makes the camera purchase an expensive mistake.
2 stars because the app keeps saying my thermostat is offline when it's not. Wi-Fi is connected and online in both house and nest thermostat but app says it's not. Unable to control device now. Needs fixed!
Works great for thermostats but I just added the doorbell and trying to load the videos of whomever is at my door takes forever if it even works. Going back to older videos is near impossible. I can see them in a list form but to click on them to view it in full never seems to work and there's no loading button so I have no idea if it's even trying to bring up the video or if it just doesnt work at all. I want to add the backyard camera but I'm now concerned that it's going to be just as buggy as the doorbell camera....
App now worse than ever. Buggy and stops working when scrolling through.pause button gone. Beginning to become unuseable!! Now as on June 2018 zones and alerts dont seem to work. It gets worse the longer I have it.
This app is horrible it's always offline, and when it's not offline it gives the incorrect temperature, and not responsive. I also have Honeywell thermostat and it is 1000 times better, look at the rating difference honeywell 4.6 nest 3.9, plus their product way cheaper and works way better, never offline accurate temperature and very responsive. i thought I upgraded instead in a down graded. Went back to my old honeywell it works perfect,now i have a nest for sale. Expensive doesn't mean always good.
This app use to be flawless.....But As of these past 3 months this app is crappy and buggy. If I'm away and I come home and set it to home via the Nest app it will not change. It's been really really buggy.. I like to set when I'm away and home. But somethings up with this app. Fix it if you want 5 stars.
I have some minor issues with the OnePlus 6 when viewing cameras. There is some flickering of the interface and zoom levels go a little crazy when using the timeline view. Other than the above, it's an excellent app which works excellently on other devices with more normal screen aspect ratios.
Continue to get an error message, "trouble connecting to nest service." After researching, this seems to be happening to S8 users. PLEASE FIX!!!
Useless as a "security" camera. I put my phone on Do Not Disturb - Priority Only at night so I don't get email notifications. The Nest app doesn't allow DND override. Nest tried to tell me that it's phone manufacturer limitation - I have a Google (Pixel), as in Nest's parent company. I can set DND override in system settings for my Zmodo security camera....aka a direct Nest/Google competitor - as well as for the Dunkin Donuts app, Snapchat app, Facebook, and hundreds of other 3rd party apps - but Nest devs want me to believe that Google and/or Android has it out for Nest. Yeah okay. Also separately, recent updates make notifications so slow. There's always a little delay, but when you try to open the app and see what the notification is for, it takes up to another 30 seconds for the video to load - who's at the door? I don't know, they already left lol
Since the update thermostat is offline many times per day, yesterday app was completely inaccessible for a few hours, no camera, nada. This is not ok! Fix this! And there's a monthly fee....
Just bought the outdoor cam and set it up this afternoon. Was somewhat easy to install and picture is really great. Unfortunately, within hours the app is down. Not very impressed with that...
Ok, let's face it. Nest is the worst termostat out there, European version especially... Does not support cooling? Is this a joke? What's next, a bike without wheels? Definitely not worth the price...
Ever since the update i cant see footage from the previous day. Its seems like you trying to force people to buy the unnecessary subscription. I only need the 5 day storage and it doesn't even notifyme when something's in the yard anymore. I'm thinking of returning the camera and going with another company
If I had purchased the thermostat, it would would be going back today. The update is even worse! The app is beyond awful. The device is awful. Nest will NEVER get my business!
AC control constantly breaks leaving it locked on until you turn the heat on. That's a pretty unacceptable bug for a thermostat in the warmer months of the year. There's also no feedback option so I can't alert Nest about this massive issue.
Got the thermostat and app. The setup was ok, could have been better. I expected much better. The device controls are not intuitive and the app could be much easier to understand for both first time and frequent users. Here's a simple example of lack of understanding the customer: when I push to display the temp, there is a LARGE number that shows the temp setting and a tiny number that shows the current temp. The tiny number is so small I can't read it without reading glasses - so unnecessary. There's plenty of space for a larger font. Also, what about people with visual disabilities? UPDATE: I revised my rating down and add this note. One primary reason for having Nest Thermostat was for the schedule to improve energy use. After using this for a week, I still don't get it. So confusing how to set the schedule or adjust it. Such poor design and lack of explanation!
Random program changes to my thermostat when I use app to reprogram it shows thermostat as offline. Which it isn't. Battery is fine everything is fine has nest been hacked?
Nest was the best rated camera I found after a day of research. I bought a set of 3 Indoor Cams and discovered the recent bad app reviews. After setting up one Cam, I have already experienced: the cam turned itself off when I closed the app, and no video was available in my history for that time . Zooming pixelates the image and made me question if I had bought an HD cam or not. I'm using the cam for checking on my 13yo dog so it will work, but I don't expect to see the cute details. Please fix the app.
This app is STUPID !! Im the admin of this app, im always home but in the last 3-4 months it decided that im not home a dozen plus times. Meaning, it turns off my heat or ac because but thinks im away...I wake up to a cold or hot house. Its not in Eco mode. Ur device is too expensive to have these multiple mistakes
Was working tell recient update. Will not even open up. Expensive to buy for not having the app to work. Please fix Edit: started working today (May 28th). Adjusted the stars now.
Support is horrible. Two way audio does not work
Please add "cast" support. I can cast it to my tv to keep monitoring status and watch camera. ** Updated change 3 stars to 1 stars because of annoying toast notification ballon "get 30 days history, blah blah" i already paid for 5 days. Is there a way to shut it up?
Wow, it's working again! I can actually log in now, and it only took you two months to fix it! Impressive. I'll be checking out your competition for my next smart home purchase.
This is a great app but it needs some major improvement like enabling switching between heating/cooling automatically based on temperature outside and setting the temperature based on temperature outside like if outside above 85 then switch to cooling to 70 else if outside below 65 then switch to heating to 71 //all temperatures are variable
I wish there was a pause button when viewing past footage from the app. Otherwise, great layout, easy to use and I love having the ability to review what's happening at home.
The application is constantly sharing information with a third party company called crashlytics. Requires connection to their servers to watch your own stream of video when connected to a home network.
This app tells me that my doorbell camera is down when it's actually the app not working. I love the product but the software is lacking.
Constantly dealing with it saying my thermostats are offline. I'm giving in another week, then I'm using Honeywell.
Real-time has major delay, doesn't work well with Androids. Takes a very long time to load.
Worked fine until my phone downloaded the new update last night, now it says it's connected to the thermostat but it doesn't change the temperature on the thermostat when I change it on my phone which is the whole point of buying this product
Please enable an option in notifications to select when I receive notifications for the door lock. I do not want to know every time my wife unlocks the door, but I do want to know when my children unlock the door. Please add more flexibility to notifications.
Can't even log into my account no error messages just loads and does nothing
Central heating schedule is per hour, needs to be more granular. 15 minute blocks would be better. A response would also be appreciated.
The app is useless without the subscription. This is totally deceptive. You cannot see any activity from the ring bell camera without a subscription. The notification usually gets to you many minutes after the event.
SUPER SIMPLE & EASY to Use & Great UI ! Security for the Entire House both Inside & Outside. A Life Saver, literally.
I cant fix it. It won't let me do anything and says app cant be reached at this time no matter what i do. I'm so mad!
Zero star rating for me,i recommend arlo they have data base you can record and play everything unlike nest you have to pay for it.
Works ok but some features do not work on galaxy note 8
b'updated are getting better. Overall good ux/ui, whish there was long press shortcut to unlock my door ??'
It's broken! Whirly stops spinning. App keeps freezing!!!! No video. Useless! Please fix!
It would be nice if there is a bottom to take a snapshot of the screen when watching the camera feed. I love that functionality when using the Drop Cam app. But it's gone when integrated with Nest app.
After last update, the app stops working intermittently on my Android phone. Nuisance.
Won't let me log in and access app. Saying there was a communcation error.
App doesn't work at all. Shows away when I'm home and doesn't hold schedules...
Since the nest it's self updated and app updates I can't connect with my Moto z play 2
Doesn't connect to phone. Its sole purpose. Failed.
Every time you use the app, the Bluetooth is automatically turned on. Why?!?!?!?
I wish you had the ability to alter the router connection from the app instead of the unit. It could be done just like a software upgrade push.
The app use to be great but hasn't worked in months! Upgrades don't seem to be helping
Disconnects forcing a manual reconnect unless since the update
App has not been working for Androids. Hope there's update soon to fix this issue.
Until today the app met my expectations until my android phone said it was offline as of 4 hours ago, which it isnt. Fix this.
Hangs on tab 2 but works with s8
App worked fine for 30 days, now crashes every time I view my camera.
THIS is why I paid 250$ for a camera. The software completely worth it
This review is for the nest thermostat. The app and thermostat was installed and set up in 30-45 minutes. It works great! Love it!
App constantly shows my thermostat as being offline when it's not.
Just installed already down what a joke.....
The app takes way to long to load once you get a notification..
Home/away not working on Google Pixel!
Nice app needs some improvement but overall nests has great products.
Please add a humidity threshold for the AC to kick in.
Haven't been able to access these cameras much since purchased
Home screen widgets? Please?
Simple and easy to use
Not working
Great app and easy to use.
quit working
Easy to use
Perfect! 5/5
Great so far
Love everything about it
Good stuff
This is a very well thought out app. It os easily clear that it os something that is not just thrown together. Its easy to navigate and it is very useful. One of .y favorite things is that ALL my nest products are bundled together in one place. Nest Secure Nest Cam Nest Thermostat Nest Protect And they are all accessible via one app. Phenomenal. Is there room for perfection? Of course but I still couldn't see giving sall less than 5 stars plus they keep improving it. Can't wait to add my future Nest devices to the app.
The best ac app ever! Update, not the best ever. UPDATE: 4/20 update to the thermostat causes thermostat to constantly go offline. Contacted customer support via phone who had me check wires. The thermostat has been in the same spot for 2 years and it never went offline prior to the update. Now it goes offline constantly. Reduced my original 5 star rating to 3 stars.
I first purchased nest cams because I liked the idea of facial recognition for our family. I used this feature for almost 5 months and then it was removed. I now understand it is against the law to store bio-metric data without consent, but I should be allowed to take photos of family members with my phone to upload so my nest cameras can just recognize family only. As long as the nest cameras are not actively collecting faces no laws are broken.
DO NOT BUY! DOESN'T WORK! Appalling! Paid £100 for a product that will not pair with my android device. I had to use an iPhone to make it work. Seriously??? Several months later, I discovered that my Nest Protect has been OFFLINE for 24 DAYS and I NEVER received an alert, I had to check myself! WAY TO PROTECT!!!!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
This app keeps turning my bluetooth on, even when the app is fully closed. I have to uninstall it if I don't want Bluetooth to drain my battery and randomly connect to things. It's great for checking and controlling my Nest devices, but having to reinstall it every time I need to use it kinda defeats the purpose.
Doesn't live up to the hype...the app cannot accurately determine your location, so you are almost at home all morning unless you switch to away manually. It used to be able to detect my location accurately but not anymore. It always tells u to improve your phone's location accuracy but the setting is already as accurate as it gets, it's your app, not our phone!!!
This thing (Nest Thermostat ) is as slow as heck on my Samsung S8. Real rubbish. Not bad at all on the iPhone. Based on the 2 standard ridiculous precanned answers of either 'We hear you....' and'uninstall, reinstall it's obvious nobody from Nest reads or cares about the feedback. Google has relegated this (with alleged 'support') to the manure heap. Sad.
Avoid, app is a total POS junk. Camera us good but unless you pay for the ripoff monthly service, it sucks. Wife bought 3 cameras ($600) and now you want $20 a month just to see playback? FU. Consumers, buy a cheap wireless webcam and use any free software to do what Nest charges. W hg at a damn joke and rip off. RUNAWAY!!!
I love the Nest app. I can see my Nest Secure and thermostat in the same app. One feature I need changed is the inability to override Do Not Disturb. At night, I keep my phone on Do Not Disturb but want certain calls and app notifications to still come through. On my S9, I cannot override for this app. Please change
App has a hard time opening from push notifications, phone screen goes blank and then it locks again. Have to open a different push notification then force close the nest app. Latest version of android, Note 8.
This app works well for controlling my thermostat, but I had to disable the home/away assist on my phone because it's unable to accurately determine my location. All other apps on the phone show correct location, but Nest either can't report it or just thinks I'm home the whole time. Wish they'd fix this.
I just have the nest e thermostat. Here are the problems: 1. I wish there was a way to see the current temperature on the app, why this basic feature does not exist I have no idea. Especially since sensor information is accurate to a tenth of a degree. 2. It would be great if I could set my maintenance band as this thermostat allows the apartment to get too hot and then too cold. 3. Let me run the fan for a set amount of time after the compressor has turned off. 4. Finally, a temperature hold feature should be a standard feature.
Over 1 month of not being able to login and access the service. I have had a nest thermostat for years, this outage has turned me off to the point where I will invest in another product for my smart home needs.
Haven't been able to access my Nest thermostat through the app for several weeks just like others. Using my old phone doesn't work, and trying the newest 5.21 version doesn't work. I have also reset my router and reset the Nest thermostat itself and it still doesn't work. The only remote access I have is logging into the nest website from an internet browser. This is highly disappointing.
After April update my Thermostat is turning off and not operating normally. Also says I'm away when I'm at home. My location is on and nothing has changed except the update.
Has not worked for weeks, just a spinning circle and flickering screen that eventually times out to an error message "there was a problem connecting to the nest service. Try again in a few minutes." This renders the app useless. Tried uninstalling, reinstalling to no avail. Don't you test before releasing updates?
Loved the app. Until new update on Google pixel xl2 won't let me use it. Apparently known issue. How does that happen? Both Google apps and phones. Odd. I chatted with Google service. They said known issue. Hmmmmm
Very poor integration with new remote sensors. Very inflexible time "blocks" for remotes sensors. Does not use the set schedule that I can tell. Definitely not saving me any money lately.
Laggy servers. Fix the wifi problem. Live stream sucks when it's connected to the same WiFi as the camera. Will change review once fixed
This app can tell when I'm not here at home properly but it has yet to ever make my thermostat turn to Eco mode automatically. Plus when trying to place it into Away mode in this app it only has the blue light chasing its trail in a circle and eventually just going back to home mode. It does however let me change the temp and manually switch to Eco mode, just not automatically like I want it to and advertises that it should. I will change my rating if that feature ever works.
Up until the most recent update everything has been as it should. Now, when I try to connect remotely I'm told that the thermostat is offline. What's odd is that the "since" time given appears to be since I attempted to connect. The benefit to having this thermostat is nil if I cannot connect to it remotely. Glad I haven't yet made the decision to go with the Nest cameras - how quickly they solve this will largely play into that decision.
Having 3 nest thermostats( one in our vacation home and two at our home) and not being able to use this app to control any of them is extremely irritating. The service status is always normal and this has been going on for several months.
App used to be great but now it always has problem with loading. I always have to sign in and it glitches a lot. Very disappointed.
Clunky. Difficult to use scheduling. Button falls right on top of Galaxy S8 home button so basically unuseable.
Just installed my very first Nest camera (the Nest Hello Doorbell) along with the Nest app, and man, what an awesome camera and app! The app is very easy to use with tons of useful settings. I just like how I get notified when someone is at my door and I can see them and talk to them from anywhere on my phone. Will buy another Nest cam soon!
The thermostat SHOULD incorporate outside temperatures in its calculation of temperature settings. Outside temperature sensors are becoming ubiquotous and the readings could easily be incorporated in the heating/cooling settings it is supposed to be "learning". It's not too much to ask from a device costing about twice as much as the average cell phone.
Great app, but Google needs to figure out their pricing model, it is terrible and I might go another route for my home security as the value it's not worth the cost. Ring and Logitech circle have much more competitive pricing models. I have a nest hello, thermostat and about 8 Google homes.
Broken app (android 8.0) Not had app access for over 3 weeks now and numerous updates later still not working.
Love the Nest App in general but it's now 5 stars for me with the inclusion of a 3rd "home". The previous 2 wasn't enough- as my business and home left no room for my vacation home. Now this is fixed, 3 homes can be added, and Nest app is now 5 stars. Thanks! App works excellent on Pixel 2 XL 8.1 Oreo.
Lack of precision when viewing and extracting video has rendered this app useless on multiple occasions when attempting to save critical video. It will not allow you to save more than a few seconds of video. I have used the app on a Samsung Note 8, iPad Pro, iPhone X. Very disappointing to spend $1500 on cameras that are supposed to provide home security only to have the software be carelessly underdeveloped. Would not recommend Nest products or purchase them again.
App which does it job good, but guys no pause/play button?! It is not only bad UX that's also pretty stupid...
Latest update means it now says thermostat offline. But it's not. I just can access it via the app anymore. Useless.
The app worked fine on my old phone. I upgraded my phone a few weeks ago and this app hasn't worked since. It is completely worthless at this point.
Unable to login to app. I have a brand new phone so I'm not sure what's going on. The app doesn't tell me why I can't login either
Camera is garbage. Don't waste your money, buy an Arlo
App won't login and I got an alert that someone was seen on the camera. Has to pop up the laptop to see it.
nest it's a service.. but somehow i cannot subscribe. helpdesk its worthless..they just don't listen... stay away from this company
Can't set a unique sound for nest. So it's basically pointless. You'll have a video to give the police but you won't be able to tell the difference between a meme text and a burglar in your home
Panaroma view causes app to freeze. Cannot accurately use phone location to know if you're home.
Thermostat constantly shows offline in app after this last update. From what I can see on the thermostat itself, it is still online. Seems to be an app issue.
Nest cam is a scam. I bought this from Amazon then it stopped working, it turns out it's just a "trial"and you have to PAY $300 MORE/yr to get it to work again.
This last update is very unstable. The app keeps crashing and is very slow. I'm also still very frustrated that the time line dose not scroll on any Huawei device for the outdoor cams. Huawei is now the 2nd biggest manufacturer for phones in the world. Please talk to them and get this sorted. Thanks. Update. Sightline still not working smoothly on any Huawei phone's come on Nest!
The camera doesn't have a good resolution and it is useless without the monthly subscription
I have had the thermostat for a couple of years and have saved energy. Using my phone has made it easy to control temperature when away. Highly recommend.
Keeps turning on my Bluetooth...having to manually turn it off everytime. Not necessary for the Nest app to access my bluetooth! I was on the phone with support for 20 minutes and they couldn't even explain or help. I've written to support, with no help at all. Fix this please! It's annoying!
Don't give me an update that makes me log back in and have to reset a 4 year old password I've forgotten, Chumps.
Please add flicker options 50/60hz as my lights cause a massive amount of flicker!
Since updated cant log into it via app, says offline. Nest please work on it.
Love all of my Nest products and the app does great. My only complaint is I will have difficulty logging in despite a good connection.
It's slower than Dropcam app. Sometimes it doesn't work.
Thermostat shows as offline since last update, other devices working ok. Mailed support, no response. Please get this fixed.
After update can't even login says trouble connecting to nest server.
Remote sensors are finally available to improve temperature control and usability but it is only available for vs.3?
Can't connect. So it's worthless to me.
Brilliant cameras, nice quality and picture, it's nice to keep up with what's happening outside without looking out the window, night vision is superb, notifications are really good.
What did you do?? My Dropcam has been more offline then online since your 5/1 changes, and my designated video feed Samsung Note 10 no longer can use your app due to your changes. Get your Devs to fix this app ASAP or you will be loosing customers very soon.
Wish it was faster to open the app and watch live video.
Dropcam app was much better, they force you to now use the nest app and they are doing is trying to force people to buy their subscription service
Updated app and not the thermostat loses connection to the heatlink. Both thermostat and heatlink show no error.
Wi-Fi problems
Won't let me in the application
Y no 4 structures?!?!
I love Nest. .. Great savings on my energy and time.
Would be nice to have a widget. Also fingerprint authorization
Very easy to use
It's amazing, I love it
It's good so far
Offline
nest
It's good
It's taking very long to access my feed. I could had perfect cell service or wifi signal and it takes a while to see the feed. For example of someone rings the bell it takes a while to see who it is.
Still can't set timer for a shift worker. Have to set every week according to the shift I'm on. Please understand that not everyone works 9 to 5
I feel this app should be merged into Google Home now.
Works very well for all my nest products. And nest products look and function the best.
Home/away finally working like it's supposed to
Love,l I've,love just wish it was a free service like all the rest.
I used to love this app. I was able to pull up my video feed and scroll thru it at anytime and see all the footage and focus on anything at any moment easily. Now, I can only see the motion activated clips and its gray when I try to scroll, unless I focus on one clip and let it roll thru the seconds and minutes. It does not capture every motion event, so it makes it hard to see what's happened now. I have a note8. Update: Looks likes they fixed the scrolling issues. This makes me happy and I changed my rating. Thanks, Nest!
APP SUCKS! HAD I KNOWN, I WOULD NOT HAVE PURCHASED THE NEST DEVICE. Desperately need a UI/UX update. Missing a lot of simple and practical features. Thermostat only turns on when I'm a minute from the house: can't set distance. Giant emphasis on Set temp when 90% of the time, I want to know Current, the variations through the day that I'm interested in.
I have the Nest Hello Doorbell. This app works great. It's easy to use and pulls up quickly. I have been testing while traveling around and so far it's great. Setting up the doorbell was also easy. The hardest part was finding my old transformer that had to be changed out. It was hiding right behind the chime box. There's no way Ring Pro is better. I've read some of the negative reviews and completely disagree. I have been comparing the two on my own with friends who have the Ring Pro. It's not even close. One thing which does need fixed is the weather temperature on the home screen. It doesn't let you switch from Celsius. Also the temperature even in Celsius is way off. I reentered my location but it's not working. I still give the app 5 stars.
Needs a 30 mins and 1hr auto switch off (such as the hot water options) but for heating. This is a simple feature and must have request. Also noticing that it boils up the boiler even when nothing is turned on. I googled it too, no ways of actually stopping all activity on it. Again a must have option and not needed, give us the option. I dont need anything on during the nights for example. My bathroom heaters will come on everytime the boiler is active. Really don't need this headache especially in the summer. Just allow us more flexibility and freedom. User interface needs can be improved for such a massive project to be honest. Not every person is Tech savy, simple ways to turn on heating and and off for example early person. Green on, red off, display it fully and clearly with minimum presses. Also a time duration the heating has been on for. I don't get why these functions are not there. It's really simple guys, simple software medications.
Dead slow to act, when someone come to the door it's unable to access it, it'll take atleast 20-40 seconds to show the screen on Galaxy 8. Most of the time it'll turn off the camera by itself. Couldn't get anything from that time. Sorry to say it's Utter disappointment.. Need to test the app before it uploading to play store. And finally they force you to take subscription to nest aware. Without it the camera is useless.
Been using this for a while now. this app NEEDS: - Ability to re-connect the wireless connection to Heatlink remotely. this connections drops maybe once or twice a month and can only be reconnected at the device. no use if it happens when I am on holiday (as it has done) - Lower time intervals for setting Hot water on/off (currently 30 minute minimum, needs to be in 5 minute increments.) sometimes I only need a short boost. - Alexa integration for hot water on/off, just as it has for heating.
Needs polishing. Still TONS better than the web interface, which is so buggy it's basically useless. Either way, it's sometimes impossible to do any investigation of the video evidence because the app becomes stuck or unresponsive. I tested it on multiple networks, that's not the issue. I'm on an S8+ Verizon. Still problematic months later after a few updates. I have 115 Mbs down on WiFi only 2 cameras. What insane speed do I need for this to actually be a responsive app?
Nest for AC app no longer works for over a week. Cannot control AC units or monitor no visibility. Basically installed a fancy AC controller at home and office, if no app to see or control temperatures anywhere, any time. That was the whole marketing pitch and beauty of the products. Please fix.
The android version (S8) for cameras is terrible. It doesn't respond and takes multiple, sometimes a dozen, attempts to get any function to work. Clicking and clicking over and over and it won't do what it is intended to do. Ability to actually see what has happened at any point in your video feed is lost.
How disappointing!!!! When I press on "mode" , nothing happens. I have to press it repeatedly few times until the menu comes up. Same thing with the "Eco button" Are you folks aware of that? When will the android system have clean and refined apps like IOS have? Will it ever happen? Probably never. An app that's not worth evaluating. Android 8.0. Galaxy S9 plus.
What a horrible app. It has failed to consistently work for more than a week, specifically with Home/Away assist deciding to malfunction whenever it feels like. We were away all week and the thermostat kept the place nice and toasty despite all of our settings being correct. Tech support cannot figure it out after months of trying. I will never buy another Nest product
The animated previews which are meant to show along with notifications never seem to work now. Occasionally they will come up as a 2nd notification several minutes+ later but not always. This is key functionality and it's broken, sort it out nest!
Love the Nest. I'm able to adjust the temperature anywhere; from my bed, at the store, anywhere. It has a history which is very nice but only keeps 7 days (or so). I'd love to be able to download the history into a spreadsheet. Also the outside temperature is on the Nest screen but not the inside temperature. It would be nice to have them side-by-side on the cell phone app screen. The last update changed the look of the app screen and the text is centered, flush left and data flush right but I wish they were beside each other because it is a little confusing. Like "inside humidity" then below it the "40%".
Used to be great but now terrible! Rarely works from my phone I just get an "error" message meaning I still need to use the stat like a normal and much cheaper set up. I'm a central heating engineer and I used to advise my customers for me to fit these but definitely won't be doing that anymore. Think I'll be purchasing a Hive!
App worked great for couple years but starting in April the app won't connect to Nest cloud. I have a Samsung S5. I spoke with tech support and they escalated to engineering. Engineer called me and said it's a known issue but they can't isolate the root cause and can't determine exactly which devices are affected. It's been over a month now. Come on Nest! Let's get it fixed! !!!
I used to love this app! But lately when I click on the app to change the temperature on my thermostat, it says it can't connect to the nest service. Super frustrating! I would've been better off to buy a cheap thermostat since I have to be in front of the actual nest unit to change temperature! With that being said - your attention to this matter would be much appreciated!
I use this for my nest cams and although the cameras are great the app is sub par. Way too difficult to find footage in your timeline with any kind of precision. Lots of UI inconsistencies between landscape and portrait mode. Overall really needs an overhaul. Google has alot of resources and yet this app feels like a bare minimum effort that any third party developer could have released.
What happened? App was working fine until the past few days. Now when I try to view activity of one of my cameras the app crashes. I reinstalled the app but still have the issue. Very frustrating....uninstalling the app.
The schedule part of the app is not fit for purpose if trying to manually change. Doesn't seem to learn. No matter how much I turn it down it wants to heat the house to 20 degrees
Nest removed a lot free features on the non memberships. They used to record 24 hours of video and from there, 24 hours of only pics to currently only up to 3 hours of pics. Such a disappointment.
Something in the new update is causing my fan to run continuously when I turn on my ac. Even after I turn off the ac and completely turn the nest off itself and still runs. IT DOES NOT STOP!!! I know it's a problem with the nest because I put the old thermostat back in and it worked perfectly.
Terrible touch response when using on Galaxy s8 plus. The app was fine on my Nexus 6p, but does not seem to be optimized for the new line of Samsung phones - truly disappointing! **Here we are in April (original post in Oct.) with no update to address the issues, terrible. I will not be renewing my subscription.**
I recently ordered the Nest Home Alarm system. I think it would be beneficial to require biometric Log In for accessing the Nest app. This would be using the fingerprint scanner on the Google Pixel Devices, this is a feature available on the ADT Pulse app. I would also like the ability to disarm my Nest Secure using my voice on The Google Home. Again, users are and to disarm the ADT security system using their voice with the Amazon Alexa. Please give users more options.
The app itself is great. Subscription for Nest Aware is Very Expensive. You can't even see faces from 20 ft away on a daylight. I am not sure how they get their great reviews. The image quality is horrible even when you are recording it 1080P.
First I was able to look at my videos, from a week ago Now I can't. I hate this update you guys want to charge for everything.
Does not indicate the current temperature. But that's ok, nobody does QA these days anyway. Other award-winning features: Randomly disconnects from the perfectly functioning wifi. Does not turn on the fan when it is in heat or cool mode (but is perfectly capable of running the fan manually) - can cause actual and expensive physical damage. Creepily requires every permission available. Basically, this is a frustrating and dangerous app written by incompetent nincompoops.
Holy balls, how hard is it to release a timely update to fix the huge amount of users who can't even get the app to open anymore? Your support tell me to get the old version but then it auto-updates again anyway. What good are my smart thermostats if I can't even get the app to work? None of my friends or family can either.
Since the Nest update, I can't connect to get my entry key. It's just a normal, expensive, thermostat now. Nest, if it isn't broken, please don't fix it.
Since the last 2 updates to the app it has stopped working. Always returns there was a problem connecting to the Nest service! Tried clearing data... but can no longer get it to work.
Used to work somewhat better. Good luck getting any content to load in less than 5 minutes now, though. Completely worthless in it's current form.
Interface needs a better dashboard to give a complete picture when you have multiple thermostats. Too much tapping and going back and forth just to see temperatures.
The app is sluggish, but it is tolerable. A wifi extender was installed and this kept the Hello from going off line. It would be nice if the app responded quicker.
1 star only. Update is disappointing, especially with the removal of the temperature and humidity reading that could previously be adudted by the user. This update had NOTHING new despite a description that suggested otherwise. Crappy, waste of time update.
Only complaint I have is this, you set up a zone to be alerted for movements in the zone only. But the camera alerts you of movements outside of the zone area. And if the car headlights hit the zone, you get an alert as a movement. Very disappointed by Google.
A ca$h cow for the company! I understand that I need to pay for my recording to be saved. But what about recording in realtime? On the plus side, camera setup is not complicated and using the app is easy and clear.
Would like to see the day's average temperature on thermostat history chart. Auto-schedule was a HUGE FAIL. Woke up to 6 degree increase in temperature setting. Was using emergency heat Wouldn't let me lower it. Almost ready to reinstall old thermostat but turned off auto-schedule schedule and deleted schedule stopped it. But they are Google programmers. I knew that getting into it Things like this are to be expected. Oh also, when I installed it was using WiFi and I had display on a while and using settings. I think that use made it warm and it read temperature about 5 degrees warmer than actual. Almost uninstalled and returned. Let it sit overnight and temp became accurate. It works. But it has had some significant errors for me. Having said that, I do like new things so will keep it. Hopefully no more goof ups.
App worked fine for a month but now can't connect to service. Glad it's hot and I don't need heating. Not good!
Unreliable at best my mobile can't connect to it now plus the thermostat sometimes I have to reset the pairing must be honest wish I had purchased hive and their customer service not useful in anyway
Was great until about a month ago when it stopped working. When my wife or I try opening the app is rays try again later.we have both been getting this for about a month
How do I keep my schedule for the heat without using it. I want to hold the temp at a constant temp for the next week without losing my complex schedule I've set per day. However, the only time I can deactivate is auto schedule which means the thermostat is still following the schedule. In another week I'd start to follow my schedule again. Help!!
Both the Nest E and the app doesn't display the current temperature!! Especially when in heat/cool mode, it's impossible to know if current temperature is close the cooling temp or heating temp. Displaying the current temperature is such an essential and basic feature for a thermostat. I'm going to return both Nest E if this isn't fixed.
Worked fine for sometime on my Samsung Note 8. Now it no longer works, logged the issue with Nest directly and nothing has been done - it has now been over 2 weeks and still nothing.
App is rubbish will not connect to my phone which is the whole point of having this app.It needs sorting spoke to help desk and stil NOT WORKING
It's coo only it freezes alot and the notifications be late. Also the app loses connection alot when the wifi connection is always strong.
Some buttons dont respond because idiots have developed it so that you have click on the tiniest portion on the screen. Why? Why is the history only limited to week? Why can't I set away/home mode manually in app or as an option in IFTTT
The app hasn't worked in over a week and is hit or miss at best. Have to use a browser to connect. Annoying.
Terrible ui/ux. Most button don't work on my s8. I have to press almost everything 5 times. Someone needs to look into this.
How hard it is to put history tab for hot water????? Even the heating history tab is not done properly, not long enough. This is basic functionality!!
b"Routine failure. Cannot connect. Modifies schedule even when schedule feature turned off. No remote temp sensor. Wish I'd bought eccobee. ??????"
The app no longer works! I can access my nest through the normal website, so I know it isn't an issue with the hardware.
Notification customization severely lacking. Anyone not on newest Android cannot customize sounds. App is extremely laggy. Nothing new from a Google App.
I have the temp sensor and it only allows you to change the dominant sensor in huge time chunks(4pm-9pm or 9pm-7am) it would be necessary for me to have control over what sensor is being used like we do with heating and cooling controls on the schedule calendar. Please add this feature.
App is insanely slow. I've got 350MB internet speed at home but everything is SO slow. Even on the home network, App takes ages to load, opening a camera to view a feed takes ages (and almost always involves the blue spinning circle). God forbid that I actually want to press talk - which involves waiting at least a whole minute before it is ready for me to talk. I expect much more from a Google company.
It's ridiculous that home/assist doesn't work with your device's gps only turned. It works only when your wifi/cellular location is turned on.
Keeps saying it is offline even though it is connected. I reset everything. Total garbage
The app no longer works pls fix asap can only log on to my thermostat on your web page not on the app it won't connect.
It worked fine at first. Paid for the subscription and all. Now it won't let me view things that happened 2 hours ago.
For some reason it keeps telling me my location settings are wrong, even though there is nothing wrong with my location settings.
App was working fine, then two weeks ago, just keeps saying retry, cannot connect?!?! I have a Pixel.
Hasn't worked in two weeks. "Can't connect to the next service" customer service had not been helpful. Don't buy!
Don't know how I lived without it!!! Very comforting knowing I can see and know everything is safe 24/7, and in the case of an emergency I get notified instantly!!!
The schedule is terrible to use. There is enough room on the home screen to add more info, don't need a ticker
My next door bell has been disconnecting itself from my wifi.and it may be slow to load when someone rings the bell.
Dropcam camera worked great under Dropcam app. Switched to Nest app in April 2018 and it is constantly trying to connect with camera or says camera is offline. Nothing changed on our end.
Last update screwed up the notification previews and the videos are not loading, only live video works
Very slow to respond, need to touch multiple times to select.
Thermostat keeps going offline so not able to even use
With the new temperature sensor it would be nice to have a more granular schedule of what sensor to use instead of arbitrary "morning" "afternoon" etc. Maybe integrate the sensor schedule with the actual climate control schedule.
The app worked great until this last update now it won't connect.
Not smart. Doesn't learn well and when they update your schedule gets erased.
App tells me there is an H1 problem when there is no problem. Cannot use the app
The biggest issue I have is that it thinks I am a car tire. Out of 151 instances of my face. 97 were of a Nissan Versa hubcap.
Works ok for controlling the thermostat, but huge and a bit slow.
Works well but could make use of Oreos Picture in Picture mode. Would make it very useful on Android TV
Uninformative app, horrible device. Not impressed.
App won't work hAve to open in internet
Works well, would like a preview of image on my samsung watch like the Apple watch has.
Great ap. Great product. I have peace of mind and now it only costs me half as much because of the new tariff. I will be ordering a new one now
Quit working right the past few days
It hasn't let me in for over 2 weeks now
Works great, especially great with tight integration with other Nest devices. I wish it interested with other Google products like Waze or Google maps.
Doesn't work anymore. Just loads and loads and loads...
Camera doesn't connect to bluetooth camera doesn't connect to WiFi. It is a handy paper weight.
Please add the ability to copy weekly schedule between different heating/cooling modes. Then five stars.
Wanted to give 5 star but apps doesn't have google assistant on nest iq.
For the most part it's good, but it keeps changing the temperature schedule that I set.
App will not verify my email and will not let me sign on
So far I am impressed
Won't connect after last update.
why on Watch andcarn can't Without Phone
Good camera! You,re away from home but yet still at home.
Why do you need wifi for it?
Continually stopped working
It's great for keeping an eye on our twins.
High quality products, great app, perfect!
Lost confidence
Very easy to use
No widgets? Seriously??
Great job.... homerun!!!
Amazing
UPDATE: there have been some stability improvements since my initial review. Have changed from 2 stars to 4 stars. OLD REVIEW: Have multiple nest thermostats and am running Samsung galaxy s8. This app crashes constantly. It is by far the least dependable app on my phone. When i pay for a high end product like Nest, I expect the app to reflect the same level of quality. Happy with my thermostats. Significantly disappointed with their app.
EDIT: the timeline while scrolling through history is working as intended. Original: The blurring of video when scrolling through the timeline is beyond annoying and has rendered the cameras nearly useless. Previously in Android 7 I could easily see when something on the frame changed but not anymore. This is a feature they PROMOTE to sell you nest aware. Going to unsubscribe. I cannot seem to find any mention of this issue when searching Google, only mentioned here in the app reviews...
Beginning to regret buying a Nest Thermostat. Like others, I am having loads of problems recently with connecting Thermostat to boiler unit and my internet router. Absolutley fed up with this. When it works its great, but kts totally unrelaiable!
The app is no good. I have to tap what i want to do, such as changing the function of the A/C to cool or heat, multiple times before it works. Over and over im tapping my screen. It should also send notifications any time the a/c is changed and it doesnt. The app is no good.
b'YES!!! They fixed the scrolling issue with the latest update. Thanks NEST for promptly taking care of your customers. Spent many hours on the phone with a Senior support expert Gerald when I noticed this issue recently and you guys delivered an update that works amazing again. Thank you Gerald you are a very thorough and awesome asset to NEST LABS. ??'
App was great at first. Scrolling through video is a pain because it jumps wherever it wants to instead of to where you're locating it. Very difficult to use. Thermostat controls are now very difficult to use, tapping the buttons doesn't work often. Scrolling through video feed causes the image to grey out so you can't see anything, and notification clips don't want to load. You can do better, Nest/Google. UPDATE: Now I can't even watch previous video unless the camera determined there was something going on. The feed stays greyed out. This is terrible.
So here's the thing.. 1: you need the actual bandwidth throughput to stream the nest cam correctly, or sign into it and adjust the quality.... 2: the thermostat does the auto away based on a few features in the thermostat itself.. I agree it would be cool if, when coming home the app kicked the AC on from an away state, but why screw with an already stable application.. The people who are giving this app 1 star apparently have no idea how any of this works and just want to be catered to.. Thats Ridiculous
Every session in which I use this app, my Bluetooth keeps getting turned on. I keep overriding it but it reverts. Most annoying. The interface is still unnecessarily complicated. There should be a way of having temperature control appear on the front screen, or maybe a widget, so one can get instant access.
The dropcam app was infinitely better. They made us switch to this garbage app. It has no on/off camera when individual camera is open. I have to go to settings. Also now my cameras are shutting off randomly for no apparent reason since this garbage app was installed. Many times it takes forever to have the camera initialize when I press ON from the app now. Such junk. It was so streamlined and simple. So instead of allowing us to use what worked they made us use this junk. They told us they will not support the other app. Well newsflash! It did not need support! It worked!
I am forced to use this app now instead of the "drop cam" app and now it won't turn my camera most of the time, and I can't enhance the image after I zoom in anymore either. JUNK APP.
Not a very polished app. Nagging messages whenever the screen rotates that I keep having to dismiss, scrolling through video history isn't great (frequently won't zoom out and show the whole picture). Rarely records the zoomed in action on IQ (which is the point of the 4k sensor right?). Stop telling me on every screen to subscribe to Nest Aware!!!! The first month is supposed to be free it's obnoxious and interrupts using the app. Annoying.
Unable to access my Nest Thermostat and Nest Protect after the latest update. Received Service unavailable message when launching the app. Looks like many others are reporting the same problem. Why isn't this fixed by rolling back the update yet?
My order from the Nest website for a fitted thermostat was a headache and a mess and I would not recommend buying from there. But now that it's finally fitted and working, I'm quite pleased with my thermostat and the app works as expected.
See Update below for temporary resolution: The last update broke my ability to connect to my Nest thermostat. I am using an Android, Samsung S8+ and I continue to receive the notice unable to connect. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app myltipke times, even purchased an additional wifi router to ensure I have adequate bandwith and it still wont connect. This needs to be fixed ASAP or allow us to roll back to the the app prior to the April, 10th update. Recent Update: If you are experiencing the same issue simply contact Nest via phone or chat. They will send you a link to roll back to the previous app prior to the April 10 update. They did this with me and now I am connected again and have full control over my thermostat via the app. NOTE THOUGH, You must turn off the auto update so that the app doesnt update back to the broken app. Nest is currently working on this issue and said a Sr tech will contact me soon with a resolution.
Great APP but needs an option to set a time frame according to our personal sleep schedule. I get up late and the house is cold because it is in AWAY mode. Easy fix. Please consider!!
I have used the Dropcam app long before it was purchased by Google. I have never had an issue viewing my camera! I have read a lot of reviews regarding the problems people have viewing their cameras via this app. Since, I am being forced to switch I hope to still have the flawless service I am accustomed to! I gave 2 stars just because I am skeptical about this move, but if everything works fine; I will change my rating!
Update broke video scrolling for Nest Cam. Scrolling is a hit and miss working on captured videos with detected motion. For recorded videos that can't be filtered, there's no scrolling at all.
Since the update the app was fast i.e when you switch the heating /hot water on. Now there's a delay. Please fix and will give five stars.
Broke all my Android devices. Says service cannot load. Doesn't work on my pixel phone, Android tablet... Happened again 4/11/2018
Arbitrary limitation to only 2 locations per account. Nest's 'solution' was to have me create separate accounts and access one from a browser and one from the app. Terrible customer support.
App update broke the home/away assist. It worked fine before, but it's now having problems transmitting my location.
App can not connect to Nest Service. Worked well for years, useless now. Invested a lot in thermostats and smoke detectors - can not connect to devices.
Please flatten and change the icon. It's terrible, but the app is surprisingly great. The icon stands out on my phone in the app drawer. This should be simple.
This app used to work just fine before the update? Now with the update I have lost any means of connecting to my thermostat. I'm currently using a Galaxy S7 Edge.
Was working great on my Note 8 before update. Now unable to connect when I sign in.
Would be nice if it worked. My internet is great. Every other device works perfect in my house. This is super buggy and not what your should get for the price paid for these products. Thermostat works without using app often but the doorbell relies heavily on it and it is sub par. Stick with the ring doorbell until they get the bugs worked out.
I have been trying to use this app for over a week. It just keeps stopping and shutting down.
For video purposes this app is the worst. When trying to navigate through the timeline of the camera it is so glitchy. And using the "15 second skip" feature is a nightmare. It is remarkably unresponsive and frustrating.
Superb.....I love how it learns YOUR conditions and adjusts accordingly. Also goes into an "away" mode when away from home long enough. Sends you reports on how your saving energy and money.....please do yourself a favor and make your home SMART !!!!! GET A NEST
I just have one of their thermostats and so far it works great. I'm not a fan of the pricy cameras with a monthly/yearly subscription. If I get a camera system, I'll probably go with Arlo--at least they give you a week worth of videos free.
I'm using this with the outdoor camera. I didn't realize until I installed the app that the iphone app will let you download video clips, but the google app won't let you either save clips to the cloud to keep, or download locally.
So happy they finally fixed the scrolling issue. The app is awesome and love Nest products.
Latest update fixed scrolling issue on Android. Thanks!
App unusable after latest update, cant access thermostat
Force closes every time I try to view a camera. Useless
It's sort of works, but the pop-up windows with information are completely blank on the latest version of Android. Please fix and I'll change my review to four stars. Please respond, Nest.
Hasn't worked since last update. I get notification but can't open app. What good is it
Ever since I updated the app I can no longer access the nest thermostat on my phone Please fix ASAP
New version I just saw as of 4.10.18 isn't user friendly
"No usage" notification for yesterday in the app on phone, so no total hours info even though expanded readout on app shows heating in use (which it was). Is this a result of the app update?
I called Nest about the timeline not showing when scrolling. It worked the next day.
Since update will no longer connect. Have to adjust temp with web page
Works great 99% of the time. Love being able to adjust the temp quickly from my phone
Great app, love nest. Very responsive support team.
I will change my rating if Nest helps! Since our free trial ended we were supposed to be able to see the past 3 hours, but never have been able to. Never had issues viewing footage with free trial. It will now show a live feed only, as soon as I try to view footage from the past 3 hours the wheel keeps spinning and nothing will load. It is not our Wi-Fi because everything else works fine. Tried using the app without Wi-Fi and just Tmobile's data but same issue. Have tried several different days since free trial ended, always same issue. An item was missing from the porch today and I needed to view the footage. I called Nest technical support, was on hold for 40 min then the rep said she had to transfer me to the camera department. She said there is no option for camera technical support so they have to transfer. After 55 minutes on hold they tell me I have access to snap shots only- no footage and they can't access anything because I did not pay the subscription. They had no solution to the spinning wheel either. I am glad we tested it out before purchasing the subscription. But1 hr of waiting on the phone for that, ouch! Security is very time sensitive. A Security Camera company should be too.
The new update killed my ability to connect to it.
It works. It'd be nice to have some widgets for the home screen like the Hive system does.
Nest security is a great product. I have it in my house and I am able to keep an eye on my house and my pets. I love the interface and how it works. I will be purchasing a thermostat to go with it soon.
Last update fixed the video scroll!! Great! Back to 5 stars!
The recent update fixed the scrolling on my note 8, thank you
For ever it worked fine now stopped working overnight ,does not work
Cannot login with my Huawei 10 Plus phone
App can't access the thermostat since the update
This update is working well. Remote access is working again
Can't login since the last update!
The latest version caused the push notifications to no longer be animated.
When I tap on clips my camera catches it barely recognizes my taps to play videos.
Xant figure out how to add hello, it's not listed
Easy to use. Love that I can adjust the thermostat away from home when I forget
I Like the web cam
Nice app, but not getting push notifications on Samsung 7...
Simple and easy to use.
Easy to use.
Excellent app. All it needs is a widget!
Yay
Poor functionality
Your latest update turned my fan on all the time. I have never ever turned that on, and suddenly I found that you turned my fan on to run for 60 minutes each hour! So, basically, you guys have been running my fan ALL THE TIME! But, a light at the end of the tunnel, Google Home now easily handles everything I need so I can finally uninstall this app. No more constant fan every update!
I love the camera and the app isn't horrible. I'm giving it 3 stars because as soon as I upgraded my S8+ to Android Oreo I haven't been able to view the video as I'm scrolling through the day. Now when I scroll through the day it's just a gray image. The only spots that show any video are where there was motion, people, or noise. Fix this issue and I'll give it 5 stars. Not sure if it's from my update, or the recent Nest camera update since both updated on the same day.
The Hardware is outstanding but the app needs work after lattest version get sound notifications from wind even though I have the filter for sound turned off. Also camera is not connecting to 5ghz Wifi all of my other 5ghz capable devices do I am using Google Wifi with 3 hubs. Also please add cast icon in app google Assistant works but I would rather use google cast also have toggle to switch between list and time frame
Great app, some changes needed on the display of all nest products. I would like to move around which products I see first. For example, I have 3 cameras and a thermostat. Because I connected the thermostat last it's located at the bottom of all my products. Additionally, the camera in the babies room is just above that. I'd like those two to be the first products I see but it won't let me rearrange the order Otherwise geat app and product
Please integrate the Nest Guard with Google Home. We should have the option to have everything the Nest Guard announces (including the alarm) echoed to every one of your Google Home devices. This functionality is already coming to the Nest Hello, so please add it to the Guard. This would be especially useful when "Home and Guarding". Please make this happen. Should be a pretty easy fix for engineers. Also, why not integrate the Protect's and the Thermostat's motion sensing abilities into the Guard? One last thing: the Nest Cams indoor and outdoor should have the option for 90° and 270° rotation in addition to the 180° that it currently offers. Such great products and app, though.
How do you go from 5 stars to what deserves a 0 because they screw up their own product with an update? Ask nest because they did it. It's been 3 weeks without an update that fixes the camera just disappearing from my phone. Freaking useless and a waste of money. STAY FAR AWAY FROM NEST.
App shows H1 error on one of my two thermostats since the last update, even though the unit is connected to heatlink and working normally when controlled manually. Can no longer control the heating from the app (same issue on three different mobile devices). Ridiculous that this wasn't noticed before the release of the update. One star unless this gets fixed.
Was good, but after nest's latest update it won't show video when scrolling back into previous history, even with paying for nest aware. It only shows it for when motion is suspected. Big disappointment. This happens with 'oreo' version of android and 'nougat' on multiple different phones and tabs. If nest would actually test their features before releasing them, they possibly could have a good product.
Nest replied in November of last year this version didn't come out till the last month how can they add their comment when its old this issue didn't happen till recently fix it. Unable to scroll through video any longer. Many many have same issue. Nest says it's not normal? Fix it. Note 8 Their way of not continuously recording. This really frustrates me. This was one of their best features.
Nest camera side totally useless now. Unable to see when motion occurred. Need to fix as this was not what I subscribed for. Used to be able to see the day almost in a stop gap action but this they seemed to have stopped so hard to play back clips. Windows side even worse as showing grey out area and slow to scroll. Please look at this and resolve as you have ruined what was a very good application.
Works but badly designed. Eco/Auto away geolocation doesn't work well. Keep getting notifications saying my phone doesn't report it's location correctly... Though my Google history shows exactly where and when I was. Should and could be soooo much better.
Update 2: has actually gotten worse. Can not smoothly scroll. Have to wait for video loading very slowly. Was better in this regard in the past even on 4g. Not my internet. Speed test on phone showing 35Mbs. Update: While some things where fixed the new version still is extremely irritating. It is actually keeping me from purchasing more cameras. Loading of video sluggish on WiFi and cellular. Navigation sluggish as well and sometimes crashes app. Previous version worked better
I am so happy with the new release and the update in 2018 absolutely phenomenal seriously they finally have Clips so when you open up the application you're able to click in the lower right-hand corner and you'll be able to see clips which is a lot easier than just clicking on dots to see motion or people that came to your door and so forth really fine-tuned finally very happy with the application more efficient streamlined and also they have patched the cameras for Bluetooth vulnerabilities. All I'm saying is I just got 3 more. Cuz you know all the other companies you look at your applications you can't find who's at the door or the delay or is it hesitating no not this one this does not hesitate it does not delay it's fast it's efficient and has good resolution and you can submit the applications to your friends family or Police Department in an instant from your cell phone which is the best thing in the world it has my approval thank you nest thank you for making a good product and 2018 awesome.
Was working fine before updating to Android Oreo 8. Scrolling thru video just greys out until you get to the clips. I have another android device that runs off of 7.1 with no issues. Please fix ASAP
I liked the old dropcam app better. I have to constantly fight with this app to get useful functionality out of it. Now with the new android update its completely useless for anything other than motion clips, no scanning feature anymore. Looking for a better product now.
Just received nest secure and I'm unable to add any of my nest detects. I was able to set up the guard and add my indoor iq cam but I receive error ns030 when I try to add the detects. I already contacted support and currently waiting on them to call back because they couldn't figure out the issue. For $900 I would expect it to work flawlessly.
Takes a long time to show the camera feed when turning on the camera from the app. Also, not detecting when I leave the house lately which it used to before, but still detects when my wife leaves. I haven't changed anything and had rebooted the app several times. The tag still works at the guard. Overall, great products and app.
Was fine until 2-3 weeks ago. Since then can no longer scrub through video. Just a blank screen until you stop scrubbing. Very disappointing. Will be forced to move to another camera system unless resolved soon.
It never seems to stop sending alerts no matter what I choose to be notified about. The app can be confusing at times. Would also like to have its own dedicated notification sounds d so I know it's the app alerting me without looking at my phone like say when I am at work...at the moment it uses the default notification sound. Would prefer something that might stand out more.
If the system doesn't actually follow its own, learned schedule, then what is the point? It's like having a maid come over and later see they trashed your kitchen.
Great app and I like the new content. One complaint I would have is, I would like for the camera to be able to determine movement at night between light and actual movement. I get a lot of movement notifications when the neighbors leave or come home because their headlights light up my yard and driveway.
Unreliable! Says "offline" (thermostat) frequently while everything else wifi works flawlessly. I don't want a stupid work around. FIX THIS GOOGLE! YOU ARE AFTER ALL DAMNED NEAR A TRILLUONAIRE!
Needs major updates. For an app from a company known for good design, it is lousy. If you have multiple devices hard to easily view on main screen. Slow to react for doorbell ring. Freezes or goes black when viewing. Hardware is good but app is from the 90s.
be very careful! just because you paid and are on a free subscription doesn't mean your device is recording. missed proof of a terrible incident because of failure to save video even though I have a confirmed receipt. I've been on the phone with customer service for one hour!
This app works ok on my Android phone, but does not work the same way on an Android tablet - even though both are on 7.0. The problem on the tablet is it isn't possible to see video history - even with a Nest Aware subscription. This is frustrating - you can see history on a device with a tiny display, but not on one with a larger display - where you would really want to see the detail.
Need to constantly restart the app to get it working. Crashed when trying to update my photo. Tried to subscribe multiple times, and while it looked successful, the app doesn't recognize my subscription. Often I can't open the video (I have the Nest Cam) after doing anything else in the app - the blue loader indicator just appears then disappears. Hardware is nice but app is borderline unusable.
Recent update of app and OS (8.0 Oreo) has rendered this app nearly useless. The ability to scrub through past video history is now replaced with the same grey screen that appears if you are not subscribed to Nest Aware. It's not worth the subscription anymore. I spoke with tech support online and over the phone and all i got was the same generic response. Our engineers are working on it but we don't have a ETA for the fix. This took 3 hours mind you, I spoke with two different senior managers with vastly different attitudes towards customers. One was empathetic while the other was essentially blaming me for it not working. I'm not what's happening with Nest since it's being folded back into Google but so far it doesn't look promising.
App is becoming increasingly less responsive for video. No matter the device or connection, playback freezes, has trouble searching history, and lags. Not sure why I pay annually to record video that won't playback on mobile. Desktop works ok though.
I reported an issue with scrolling through the timeline has the image all grey. See another review on here saying the same since upgrade to Oreo. When I called Nest they told me they were unaware of this issue. Can't see how they are not since it clearly is not an isolated issue.
The more updates there are. The less it works... When you spend hundreds of dollars on a system. Everything should work properly. When you buy a security system every second counts. Love the quality of cameras but hate the app
The app was amazing before the Oreos update. Now it seems to be riddled with UI bugs, is slow to load video, and you can no longer scroll through your video timeline.
Please create a Night Mode in addition to Home and Away. This would give users the ability to automatically set their alarm system to Home & Guarding, enable certain (but not all) motion sensors, set a sleep-friendly temperature, and turn on certain cameras.
The update, at least for a drop cam or nest cam is so awesome. Can finally tell the difference between cats and people lol. So much easier to scan through the day and see what matters. Seems much more responsive too. Would really like a widget to turn a nest cam on or off, or at least make it so I don't have to drive into settings to toggle.
I did the android note 8 update last night and now when I'm scrolling through the camera it's a grey screen and shows no activity, when attempting to go slow it freezes up. FIX THIS !!!!!
First tried Logitech Circle 2 to save a couple $'s. LC2 app was painful on Samsung Galaxy 6....after exiting had to reinstall app each time....got returned. For Nest... the app works great but I need too get Wi-Fi booster to help with 4-10 sec delay on phone/laptop respectively. Settings could be a bit more user friendly/obvious. Original install was simple and camera image under various lighting levels is clear.
After latest update, when I tapped to view the Nest cam IQ indoor camera. The app crashes shortly after. When I tapped to view other cameras it's fine.
Lately, I have trouble connecting to my thermostat remotely. Also, home/away has trouble detecting my phone and the "learning" function is garbage
Thermostat is almost always offline, even though every single other item on my network is online. I put a lock on the thermostat through the app, but when I unlock it on the thermostat, I can't do anything anyway. So now my unit is running and I can't do anything about it. Been on hold with customer service for over a half hour, still holding. Stay away.
Useless after Oreo update. Can't use the Sightline to scroll through video history anymore and it just shows black image. This is an advertised feature by Nest and doesn't work like all other users have reported.
The app opens fast and almost never crashes but it is missing key feature that you should be able to to from the app. Like a time lapse button.
I'm paying for their storage service each month and every time I used the app to view video from earlier in the day it freezes, takes forever to load, and skips around rather than showing me continous clips. Not worth the monthly fee id youre primarily an app user.
This was a very useful app until the recent update caused history scrolling to be lost. This was your best feature and now I will be looking for other options. Please fix asap!
This app used to be a 5 but now I can only see moments and not a time lapse like before. It's definitely a downgrade.
Most recent update has caused my Nest Protect smoke and CO detectors to go offline. Followed troubleshooting steps, but issue still not resolved..
Was great but after latest update on s8 with oreo, lost the ability to scroll and see video timeline. I have to click on eventw now, which will take forever in a busy location
I love it like every Google product! Just bought the Nest Hello but had to install it sideways. Now my video is sideways, (coming up on my Chromecast sideways.) I wish they would allow me to flip the video.
When I scroll through the timeline it blurs everything out until I stop scrolling. I want to see what's happening as I'm scrolling!
Away mode STILL rarely works (3+ yrs later). Phones (two pixel xl 2s) set to most accurate location. Should have setting for home wifi ssid instead.
The apps seems broken. I'm unable to change the settings on my smoke detector turn off the night light.
Overall, the app works fine. However, I would like to see some changes that better integrates all the Nest products together. For example: when the Nest Hello door bell rings, an option to unlock the Nest x Yale lock should appear on the same screen, instead of me having to go back menus to do it. It takes too much time. Also, a better UI experience. The display of Nest products seem to be taking up too much space on the screen and I can't change the order of my devices.
Thermostat will not connect unless I'm on WiFi?? This has only just started and I have just realised there has been an update. Obviously there needs to be a fix and fast please.
I loved the app until the note 8, 8.0 oreo upgrade which nest is not compatible with so Samsung tells me,so my cameras are pretty much worthless to me at this point please fix this problem so I don't have to go with another company. I need 2 more cameras but am unsure to purchase them at this point when I talk to nest they told me that they fix errors and do new releases about every 3 months the last one was done March 15th I can't wait 2 months for this
App was good until moving to a new Galaxy S9+. Now video playback is not realtime when trying to scroll through past recorded video to Cloud.
ONCE I USED MY ANDROID TABLET (AND NOT MY ANDROID PHONE) TO SET-UP MY NEST FIRE ALARMS - THINGS IMPROVED. HOWEVER, WHY DO YOU ASSUME ITS MY HOME AND PROVIDE IT AS MY ONLY CHOICE? AT THE VERY LEAST GIVE ME A 'WORK' CHOICE...
Garbage, the app won't connect unless you're on Wi-Fi making it pointless if you're away from home.
Since last update when I scroll through the day it's gray. Not good. Anyone else got this?
Terrible customer service they charged and sent me 2 Nest x locks after making pay for shipping to send one back their telling me it will take a month to process my refund... Not that way with RING
Needs more functionality to set home/away status e.g. A widget to toggle this from home screen, ability to toggle via Google assistant and IFTTT etc. Nests never seem to automatically set to away based on my phone's location.
The app has stopped working while connected via mobile data on 3xAndroid devices, still works via Wi-Fi. Basically useless if you can't control your thermostat when out and about.
Constantly buffering even on Wi-Fi. Video lags all the time.
After update I can no longer adjust the temp from my phone I can only change it to away or home now... Disappointed because that was my favorite feature
completely useless after oreo update..note 8..when scrolling video is now blacked out..even with paid nest aware...seems like everyone else has same issue...and this is a google company??? smh
Alot of connection errors and it's getting worse after each update ffs
Although I live in a supported country and the nest app works perfectly for me, I'm rating it one star in solidarity with the guy from NZ that had his country de-listed.
I like the app when it works... But when it doesn't.. It's a pain in the ass.. You have to remove device.. Get new code.. Then reload device... Takes 8-10 minutes each time... It's happened at least a half dozen times already
App only works with WiFi, when I'm out and about it doesn't work on 4g which is half the reason i got nest Sony Xperia user
No shortcut for unlocking Nest x Yale, and no Android Wear support (complication preferably, but in app even would be okay)
Does not connect to my thermostat. It says the service is unavailable, I can connect using the web and through my watch, but not through the app
This app SUCKS for android users. Now that the much better Dropcam app is shutting down on 5/1 and they are forcing me over to this crappy app, I will seriously consider getting new cameras.
I own 5 cams and 2 thermostats, and today just added the new Yale lock. All great products and the app is excellently designed as well. However, will there ever be integration between Google Assistant and the Yale lock? I'd like to be able to lock/unlock using voice through Google Assistant or check whether the door is locked/unlocked.
Since i installed this app, my battery only lasts half what it used to. It's also 80mb, why so large?
App is simple to use and easy to navigate. Notifications that I click on don't seem to bring me to the recording or whatever screen it should take me to. Couldn't find a place to leave app feedback. Android 8.1
Home/away doesn't always work and very frustrating because I waste money when it doesn't change to away when I'm not home
I get a H1 error on the app indicating my thermostat and heatlink arent connected even though my thermostat and heatlink are working fine. Very poor testing on the latest release of this app..
Cars set off the people only setting, and the review feature flat out sucks! I have android, fix it!!
Confusing that the Nest App for Android TV only supports the video devices from Nest, while the phone variant supports all devices.
The app is useless. Every time I need to use it it makes me enter I'd and password again.
All was good but now the app has a bug, when I try to open live feed from my nest cam iq app crashes after 2-3 seconds of streaming. This not happens when I open feed from regular nest cam. Tried restarting cam, re-installing app, changing settings. Nothing.
Great app, just purchased the Nest Yale lock. Nest, can you guys please add an option to automatically lock the door when arming the alarm, that would be great!
no occupancy detection for temperature sensor = DOA. Update really broke it, too.
This app had gotten pet bloated at 88MB without user data
Y'all app having some having issues to my phone which I can't view the time lapse, update a software!!!!!!
Recent updates finally made the app easy to use, no more buffering issues.
It crash for the past two weeks , does anyone want to fix it ?
Stupid thing won't let me log in. This isn't the first time.
b'Very easy to use ........ Needs few little bugs fixed but overall great product. Outdoor cam 3rd gen thermostat Hello doorbell ??????'
I was wondering what happen to the fan function. Why is it not there?
Camera works well but the app is junk.
Unable to use the 15 sec skip button Samsung S8
Crashes breaks and kept boiler on all day App is unrelaiable
Love the new update! Can't wait to get nest secure and lifx lights!
Since update it's got worse and unresponsive.
It's a useful app but doesn't respond well to touch screen sometimes.
dislike does not work since updated
Easy to set up, easy to use, embedded installation instructions...perfect!
Can you add in the Nest Guard settings to turn on or off the alarm at a specific time? Like in the thermostat there's a schedule. Can you do a schedule for Nest Guard also?
Ever since update scrolling isn't working therefore I'm only giving it 3 stars.
No time lapse scrolling since Oreo upate gs8
The news reports are awesome. They tell you which zones were triggered and if they saw a person.
Perfekt bortsett fra at du må bruke PC, for å legge til forskjellige prioritet soner i kamera bildet.
Great app and does what it's supposed to do.
Solid app with great integration of the Nest products. 5 stars all the way...
love the app and thermostat but the app needs an option to run the heat/ac for X amount of time with ignore schedule option
I can talk through the camera
Paid for cameras, but i need to pay a yearly subscription.. no way
I like having a functioning thermostat, and being able to change temperature using my phone is nice.
I like it, but look forward to updates. I want to customize the notification sound and the layout could be better.
The latest update is unusable
Thermostats keep going offline since last update. POS
Nest is best. This app works nicely with the company's products. This country, the UAE, is available within the app.
Doesn't connect in mobile 3/4G mode when not on WiFi.
The updated version will not load. Don't buy nest products.
Expensive cloud service but awesome cameras.
Shows home & away only. No access to change temp
The app is not responsive when it comes to clips on the nest cams...
I wish the best app recorded all usage. Example: if the fan runs.
Works well, a widget would be helpful
It didn't trigger Away when I was away.
Doorbell not listed in Add Product
Very user friendly, seamless between multiple Nest products, flawless!
The Nest learning thermostat is one great product to have!
b"It's not bad but it gets the job done ??"
Great solid app always works and is nice and simple.
Why is the remote sensors only work on vs. 3?
Dropcam was just fine.
Brilliant, love it.
Very happy with it.
More stable.
Very good
Speechless
Awsome
Good
The new update is trash the AC doesn't support Amazon echo any they need to fix this asap
This app is great. I love the layout and functionality. My only issue is that when I open it, it enables my Bluetooth for some reason, and I can't find anywhere how to turn it off. I'm hoping the devs will read this and find a fix. Other than that, it's a solid app.
It's a Shane how Google lost customer like me because the monthly fees last year now I have Arlo I can't come back.
Well done Nest. New update for nest cam is brilliant love the new filter function and the ability to save clips straight from your phone.
It's has been one of the BEST investment made for my home
Always works
Works great all the time
Works great
Great app finally. Would love a thermostat widget. I mean LOVE it. Also would appreciate real video controls like pause and quick rewind or fast forward 15 second buttons would be awesome. Edit: Thermostat now switches itself to Eco mode while I'm home for no reason, every day. This is a HUGE PROBLEM Edit 2: Thermostat doesn't always follow schedule. Some days have to manually adjust even though it's scheduled.
Works great when online. Using with Altice One from Optimum so the app constantly going offline and randomly connects. Doesn't appear to have any rhyme or reason. Be great to have a best practices for certain routers especially when the router company is selling them and then says contact NEST for issues. Not really a great business model in my opinion.
It's a shame that a seemingly great product is TAINTED by a poorly designed app! I get "offline", "Rh wire" messages, "Eco" on/off problems, "problem connecting to Nest service..", etc. It's the worst app i have at a 3.9 rating. I've owned a Nest Gen 3 for over a week and nothing but problems with the app. And unlike many other apps I have, there are no comments from Nest to allay the concerns of its many customers. SHAME! SHAME! Nest! Do something! Say something! Allay our concerns!
Great Home Products! Love Nest's line of products. I own them all - including several security cameras. The app has been really reliable for me. A few minor bugs here and there such as camera stays offline.
NEST, what is your problem? You got too big too fast. Now your app don't work. You're rating was in the 4s, now it's not. Read the first few reviews and no comment from NEST...? I have NEST and Samsung...same thing crappy software. If a version work then why update it? That's my take-away from these reviews. Time to look around for a more mature product.
Doesn't work on all mobiles using mobile data. This makes the whole concept of Nest pointless. Tried contacting Nest several times but they were no help whatsoever. I think they know of the issue (numerous people are experiencing), but they can't confirm if they are going to rectify. My advice would be don't make my mistake buy Hive.
Was a great app. However, lately I cannot connect to my thermostat. I could still log into my account. Need some update to fix it. Currently, it's literally useless to me. I can use the internet browser to access my thermostat and account. My wife's Samsung Galaxy S5 works fine. But no luck on my OnePlus 5T. Please fix this.
This app is super buggy. When you get a notification and press to view it you are only able to view it vertically. As soon as you switch your phone to landscape mode it completely loses its place. Additionally fast forwarding and rewinding is super inaccurate. Anyway it's not like you have a choice to use some other app so take this for what it's worth.
Worked for a month or so and now unable to login. Uninstalled and installed on Samsung A5. Still no joy. Nest support keeps telling me to do what I have been doing. I.e uninstalling and re-install . No good to me at all. Same thing from desktop. No difference. Please do something.
App is still easy to use, but with each "update", more clutter is added. On camera, live viewing is now obscured by pop-up that tells you to subscribe to next aware. Push to talk button has also been removed from landscape view.
App doesn't work properly. When clicking mode it won't click. Freezes constantly. I used it on IOS and was perfect so its truly a wonder how google couldn't build and app for a device they own and the OS is runs on.
The app was great for a month and then it quit working. It won't connect to the nest service is the message I get continually. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling several times with no luck. It's useless
Frustrating. I'm away for the weekend and my thermostat has the air on because it thinks I'm home despite having my GPS on my phone and obviously no motion in the house neglected by the 2 thermostats and 11 nest protects. Huge Fail NEST.
Great concept and looks good. Unfortunately the user experience suffers because app is slow to respond, eg requires several touches for a button to respond, if at all. It's early days but I expected more from Nest.
Works exactly the way I had hoped it would. I began by using the schedule, which was perfectly fine, but I've since allowed it to learn my routine and I'm happier this way. It's very easy to use and works very well with both Google Assistant and Amazon's Alexa. It amazes my friends that I can turn on my heating while driving, many miles from home, simply by talking to my phone. Not that I need to do this often, Nest knows when I'm heading home and turns on the heating automatically for me, so my cottage is warm by the time I get back. It has also proved to be great for saving fuel, my oil consumption has dropped substantially since I fitted the Nest. It's a great device and it looks classy too, what more could I want?
Recent updates have made it near impossible to use on 4g networks. Nestcam video playback constantly buffering with live streaming now nearly impossible. Whilst thermostat still thinks I'm home 2 hours after I've left.
Just updated today but issue of not connecting from some 4g networks still exists. Also the auto home and away has stopped working. Is there any news on when these issues will be resolved
Was great before recent updates. Now it is very laggy giving notifications. People have come and gone from my property before I am ever notified the camera detected someone.
They fixed a lot of stuff since i 1st started using it. They added some useful hints that helped me optimize my use case and all the lag is finally gone. Thx and keep up the great work!
Could be good, but horrendously glitchy. Looking at outdoor camera is a nightmare, if you rotate from portrait to landscape it shows black screen 90% of the time. Rubbish
Can't access the app on 4g networks. Just says "there is a problem connecting to the Nest service. Try again in a few minutes". This appears to stop home / away detection working!
it works, but there is so much potential for it to work better that it is disappointing. I've owned my nest for 1.5 years and the software has not shown any significant improvements.
This app has alot of potential but it fails through optimization. It's slow to load everything if you have a large ecosystem. I have a nest hello, 3rd gen thermostat and 3 remote thermostats. When I open the app it tries to load everything at once which slows everything down. My biggest complaint is the hello. By the time it loads the camera the person is already gone. And after my aware subscription ended it wont load anything now so I have no idea who was at my door.
From the last update I have been unable to connect remotely unless on Wi-Fi which makes the purpose of the app useless. If you want a thermostat that you can control remotely I recommend a Hive system
Works as you'd expect. I haven't had any issues with the core functionality. I can't get it or the cameras to integrate with Google home though, it's a shame because I have a Chromecast as seeing the videos on a bigger screen would be great.
Solid iot app with good integration excellent app usability and functionality. The only downside is the expensive monthly service, but that has nothing to do with quality of app.
Love the nest thermostat, but the app doesn't seem to recognise when we're away from the house... (Despite location info being correct and good mobile internet). Auto-away is part of the reason for buying an intelligent thermostat. Please fix this feature.
Not working on tesco mobile 4g for last few weeks. Same network as 02 which people have same issue with. Works via wifi but thats no good when out of house which is why you have a security camera! App needs sorting. It works on ios but not android with tesco or 02. I have a useless camera now
Nest/Google, please provide access to our data. I assumed I'd have an interactive chart of temperature and humidity, disappointing this is not provided in the app, not even logging into my Nest account. Only 7days of history merely showing when boiler goes on and off doesn't cut it. I want to see how temp/humidity fluctuates.
Turns the heating on and off completely fine but when it comes to setting the thermostat into away mode (eco) this doesn't work I left home at 7am and at 11am the thermostat still thinks I'm at home therefore no eco mode is set it works if you change it manually but the whole of point enabling location in the app was for the thermostat to do this automatically on its own its a shame as its a nice little gadget and the app is not giving credit where due
Worked almost perfectly until the latest update. Now won't connect via cellular networks which renders the app completely useless. Nest support contacted and don't believe a problem exists...so solution in sight.
Another user with the mobile internet issue. Nest won't connect over O2 UK mobile network.....only Wi-Fi....since last update.
STILL NO MOVEMENT ON THIS! Please open up the API to allow Hot Water support. Also please add the Thermostat Motion Sensor to the API. This will make it so much more functional and bet it will increase sales. I know 4 people who passed on Nest simply because there is no Hot Water support via the API for the UK and other markets.
Manual adjustment is great. Recognition of being home or leaving not satisfaying, got worse in the last month. Adjustment of humidity would be great. It also recognize a car as a person.
Latest update is a mess. Can't change image quality, can't turn off camera, can't zoom, or turn on history.
After recent update I can't connect via 4g which renders the whole app pointless. Can only connect on WiFi. Please update soon. OnePlus3T, Vodafone UK
Keeps getting better but needs to incorporate a schedule option into nest aware. Just because we're home doesn't mean we always want the cameras off, especially our outdoor cameras that keep an eye on the driveway.
Turns Bluetooth on every time the app is loaded. Why? Please fix this. Very irritating and wastes battery for absolutely no apparent reason.
Since the last update it no longer connects over my mobile network (tesco mobile), only wifi or via the website
It's a great app, in theory. However, it won't let me see any amount of time in the past. If I scroll back, I can see a certain point, but it won't move forward and let me see the video from that point, only a still shot.
No longer connects to my thetmostat since the last update, so now is pretty much useless.
Save your money on the cameras. They are overpriced off the shelf and then to make matters worst they charge you for cloud storage. There is no local storage option. I'd rather buy 4 other cameras for the same price and have them back up to local storage. The pricing structure is infuriating also because you get so little for your monthly dues. I can buy cheaper cameras, plus sd cards, plus network storage, for what this recurring nonsense costs. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.
A good app except it's completely unresponsive most of the time. I try to change from heat to cool or vice versa and it will not register my touch.
Works fine at home on Wi-Fi. Doesn't work over 4g so almost defeats the point of having the app.
Have a Gen 2 in Wasaga Beach and a Gen 3 in Florida both work great am able to control both with out any problems. Saving me a lot of money
Crashes every other time I open it. Oreo on Nexus 5X.
The app works fine at home, when you don't need it but out and about it will not connect over the 4g O2 mobile network. My wife on the EE network connects OK.
Horrible trying to use on phone, constantly reverting to the wrong time of video and very laggy
It no longer connects to my mobile network. Can't use the cameras remotely unless using WiFi. Never had this problem before and been using this app for over 2 years.
Can you add a security cam feature that alerts phone with more of a alarm notification and schedule for alarm on /off for people who use this in a garage application and want it in "alarm mode" while sleeping.
Can't access playback:( I go to look at the activity from my office camera and it will never load history. What's the point of the camera if I can't get the history
It's great. It just doesn't sense when I'm home sometimes and I am trying to figure out why.
Please bring back Android wear screenshots captured by the cameras
Faultless works with all functions every time. Have cameras , protects and thermostat. Great App
I miss the old dropcam app. This one the alerts seems to work sporadically. Sometimes the alerts work and other times it doesn't.
A complete waste of time.
It would be nice to be able to edit and create zones from the mobile app. It would also be nice to be able to access saved clips from the app to view or share.
I use this for the thermostat. The hot water side needs a lot of work to bring it close to the heat options.
Closes unexpectedly. Cant view incident log.
Make a thermostat with separate O & B not O/B together
Love all my nest product the app makes it so easy to keep an eye on it all
App keeps crashing
Want to be able to save select and apply multiple schedules.
Good app, but hard to review recorded videos
So far so good...
Love it, this alarm is the start of the twenty first century.
Perfect way to protect your home!!
Owsome app
Protect and Thermostat are great.
The buttons don't work half the time, and instead just refresh the page. There is no way to record video of what's currently happening to your phone. The image quality is nowhere near as good as it appears in the sample images. You can't even make out someone's face from more than a few feet away. There should be a way to record for a few seconds after the event is triggered, instead of just a snapshot so you can actually see what happened. It's simply not the product it's made out to be.
Though I have three nest cameras and a thermostat, the app leaves much to be desired. I have a note 5 and this app crashes constantly. If I try to turn my phone from portrait to landscape, my phone crashes. If I try to zoom in, my phone crashes. If I try to view the time line to see pictures of events, it is slow to respond and if I try to view any footage, it lags or crashes. This only happens with this app. It's unfortunate since the app is where you view footage that the camera records mostly. Without a good app, the cameras are kind of useless. What good are the cameras if I can't playback footage? If I had tried the app before buying the cameras, I would have never purchased them. The app is not user friendly....at all!
So far, the 3rd Gen Nest thermostat and the app have worked as expected. The app is designed for ease of use and be aware, the more Nest products you have the more the app can perform. With just the thermostat, it is all basic (as it should be). Really debating a Nest Aware Cam with Nest secure to boot. Google's hardware is becoming amazing, give them a try and the jungle and Microhard be in trouble. Cripple was I trouble with the passing of Steve Jobs
Nest can't figure out geofencing. It's hit or miss, and it accuses my phone of having location issues. I have a pixel from their parent company and every other app that uses location has no problem. This thing is delusional.
App continues to get worse and worse. Extremely glitchy and almost unusable at times. Needs serious work! Update 02/18 App problems continue to be overlooked in favor of adding 'new' unuseful features. Nest's original attractiveness is lost.
I thought maybe I was the only one that had problems with the home away assist but, after reading reviews it sounds like this is pretty common. I have a Galaxy S7 and all the other apps work fine. It seems like the app disconnects all the time and either leaves it in home or away all the time. A terrible app. I should of probably rated it lower but the camera seems to work fine, except for the home away feature.
The app is simple and easy to operate. What I take issue with enough to knock 2 stars off is the abismal HOME AWAY ASSIST. This "feature" is so hit or miss that I had have the last person to leave the house call me so I can just set the AC to away. It's a great device, but the terrible reliability of the away assist is the most frustrating issue I have encountered with Nest. Fix it and hope I don't lower the score any further! JK just fix your trash feature or remove it.
This app has gotten way worse as the time is takes to refresh its state has increased. Would be much better served to ditch the pretty interface and just build something functional, or put money into increasing the performance of the backend data.
Home / Away does not work with phones location. This is the reason I purchase the Nest. It would seem that a third party iPhone app, SKYLARK (not available for ANDROID) works perfectly but Google can't manage to get Home / Away working for one of their own devises. Looks like if I want to have this functionality I am going to have to purchase a non Google thermostat and an iPhone!!
Cloud storaged worked fine for the trial period. Unless you plan on subcribing to the to the monthly service for each security camera the system is worthless. You are left with a snapshot related to a timeline that that is difficult to retrieve and poor quality. Kind of a scam.
Another update: Zero indication of offline camera!! Purchase some other device. Update: More awful: Camera does not restart after loss of Wi-Fi. Unbelievable!!! Awful. The home and away function just does not work. Requires endless manual overrides. I've tried all the tips. Awful. Awful. Awful
Nest service down. Won't work on my note 8 unless I'm connected to WiFi. When connected to mobile data it won't let me past the log in page. This is clearly a bug as it works with other android phones???
Garbage app, it never loads and constantly crashes. When not crashing it loads to a black screen. Utterly useless for a company owned by Google the only app that seems to work is on iPhone.
I press camera toggle switch, after a couple of seconds switch goes back to off mode. But I start hearing sound from camera! After doin something several times and restarting app many times, video comes, if I am lucky... As a programmer I am wondering how even this possible? this app starts receiving audio from camera while saying "your camera is off." and showing nothing?!?! Its like this for weeks and I use this camera as baby monitor. Should I consider this as a security issue? I bought this camera to check my baby without pain! This is NOT plug and use!
I had mine installed and everything was fine until I tried to change the hot water schedule once I changed it on the app the hot water worked backwards. When it was supposed to on it was off ect . To get around this I just set the hot water on the nest unit and it worked as it should . So the app has in issue but as I won't need to change the hot water again it's not an issue for me. Just some advice for other users
Love the phone app but the Gear S3 app is bad. It locks up my phone with a black screen or kicks it out and goes to the home face screen. It only works 1/10 times and had to uninstall due to the issues it created on the watch
My nest cams run into occasional lag (scrolling circles) even with WiFi running smoothly. Seems like Nest is having server side issues
Slow to respond. I try to make adjustments to my thermostat and it takes a while to respond and switch to adjustments settings, I press and press and sometimes takes 20secs. I can see the buttons highlight when I tap but slow to progress
This worked great months ago. Now my camera barely loads. This app freezes and takes forever to look through what's going on outside. Please fix it!
Loading and connection problems since last update. App closes on its own.
The thermostat has a nice LCD display, but it's only programmed to display temperature in whole degree increments. The round bar graph display, however, shows 3 bars for each degree F, meaning it sets in 1/3-degree increments, so why can't the display show that (on both the thermostat AND the app)? Also, I have a 2-stage cooling system, and with my old thermostat, I could set the differential required for the second stage to be activated; the Nest thermostat (3rd gen.) has no way to set this, and is regularly activating the second stage, even when the set point is only ONE DEGREE below the ambient temperature (i.e., set point 75° and ambient 76°). Unless outdoor temperature is near 100°F, my system will cool the house just fine on the first stage only, so ironically, the Nest, which is supposed to save energy, may actually cause my electric bills to INCREASE. As cool - looking as the Nest is, unless I can find a way to program it the way I want, I may have to go back to my old energy - saving thermostat, and return the Nest. There's absolutely no reason why such an expensive product (with a 480x480 display) should not have the ability to display temperature with one decimal place (i.e. 75.5°), and have an option to customize advanced settings.
Cameras haven't worked in 6 months. Have spent hours on the phone with 'techs' and sent and received about 40 emails and they still don't work. They won't replace them and they won't cancel our subscription that records to the cloud. Fraudulent company that doesn't back their product
The only thing that I can think of that would make this app better is if the nest could learn the charging cycles of connected phones thus allowing for greater energy savings when users are sleep
Upon opening: "Nest is having trouble with Google Play services. Please try again" then once inside the app I get a blank dialog box with a "x" button after every click. Totally unusable.
The video feed is constantly freezing and jumping to previous frames. It's really only useful for watching the live feed. This needs to be fixed.
Crashes constantly. Getting on my nerves now. Would be better off employing a butler to stay home and adjust the settings for me
doesn't switch automatically to away based on location. I have given all the access to location. Sometimes stops the heating and says unavailable. not acceptable
The Android app was clearly an intern project done as a follow-on to the iOS app. It's barely release quality, let alone up to the expectation set by the actual Nest device.
I have 6 cameras, I installed them when I hired my nanny, and for the first few months they were fine and now at least 5 times or more a day they go "off line"
Great, allows me to view my indoor and outdoor camera without a problem! I can also access my temperature inside and check what the weather is for the day. 10/10 recommend
App has had a slower and slower response to taps. I have uninstalled and reinstalled with no improvement. It is almost unusable.
It doesn't work. I have to keep open and turn it off to start. They should look at it
Pretty good except for the home away assist doesn't really work. Even though my location and data is turned on and I give it permission I pretty much always have to manually tell it I'm away
App is good. Simple to use, user friendly. What we need in next update is widget with current temp and arrow up and down.
Latest update makes the app crash when I try to view my nest cam.
Very slow, jumps around when trying to find something on the Nest cam.
Great app. Would have given 5 stars but no way of move the panels around thaat I can see.
Nest is, "having troubles with Google play services"
The previous update to this removed my ability to use this app with mobile data and this hasn't fixed it
Auto-away no longer works and hasn't for months, just hasn't kept up with the times
The app update now means have to set it up all over again.
Doesn't work with latest update
Easy to monitor and use the Nest thermostat from a mobile device. Nest works well.
Crashes when updating the thermostat schedule
Nest is very good had it since November and it's made a big difference in our gas bill
Easy to use, camera and thermostat together
This app not connecting through data and keeps failing.
Very handy!
I think it's going to be good
b',??????'
Simple app
Works well when turning on heating remotely when I return from a trip and it's great to be able to set so many different temperatures in one day. However it struggles with figuring out if I'm at home or away and I regularly find it turned on for an entire weekend when no one is home. Would be good to have a widget on my home screen to be able to see if it's currently set to away or home and to be able to change it with a single click on the widget.
I really love your products but very disappointed that you do not allow for your app to be moved over to an external memory source. Your app is fairly large in size & forcing us to run it on limited internal memory is frustrating to say the least. I have other apps that allow moving to my sdcard but would appreciate that option with nest.
The app is ok. Buttons don't work well on galaxy s8 in portrait mode. Need to push the buttons a couple of times for them to react. When phone is in landscape mode it works much better. My main issue is the home/away assist. Doesn't seem to work brilliantly using phone location. I have had to switch this setting on and off for it to update my location as being home. Phone has had my location correct when using Google maps and good data (LTE) connection. What I don't understand is why nest don't use the WiFi network as well as gps to see if your home or not. I.e. when the phone connects to same WiFi it sets you as home. I know this doesn't help detecting if you are getting close to home to start warming up; but my experience with this is that it shows both me and my wife as away when we are home anyway.. please sort this out nest!
Please fix the 15 seconds forward or backward button. It hardly works and sends your video all over the place. When I try to go 15 sec forward it jumps back to the last time it saw someone. Also you can't zoom in portrait mode. I have 3 of these cameras and spend alot of money on subscriptions. Would like if the app was updated.
Struggles with determining if you're actually home or away and the camera feed has gotten very bad lately (very jittery and delayed, I'd working at all). Used to work much better. Seems like the app needs an update.
It's okay. It seems Nest, specifically the thermostat has lost it's edge to the now superior Ecobee. The Ecobee offering is far superior with the amount of reports and configuration you can do. Nest has now become a dumb-smart thermostat because of lack of innovation and features in their very outdated and clunky app
I really want more granular control of the permissions for family Accounts. I want my Nest Thermostat to know when my teenagers are at home via Home/Away Assist but I don't want them to be able to invite or remove other people to Nest home or any of the other permissions for that matter. Also, I only want them to be able to control Nest products, not add or remove them.
The nest camera app used to work well. It has been getting steadily worse and is now virtually unusable. The app freezes anytime I try to view footage from the camera, so frustrating! Please undo whatever you did to "improve" the app!
have a schedule set every day, turn on heat at 3.30. and every day it is ignored, and the nest remains in eco mode. all I want is to come home to a warm house. too much to ask from this worthless dev team. what an absolutely dumb device. it also doesn't know by phone in vicinity that you're home, as is mentioned in the touting of how smart this pos is.
Was working fine for a year but in 2018 something happened with my subscribed cameras. Reviewing footage is almost useless because of the choppy footage and load time on a gigabit connection from Verizon. Very upset as I had invested in many of nest products.
Your new app update is terrible! Extremely laggy. Takes awhile for it to load live view and even longer to look at recorded video. And even when you can view recorded video it constantly stops. Never had this issue with any previous versions of the app. Bring back the old version!
Please add an option to allow a temporary schedule event to be added for heating and hot water. We don't always follow a set routine every week. Also for the same reason please allow disabling/editing a weekly set event. These events are only temporary and will be discarded once it's in the past.
Video playback is no longer working. Events will still show up but I cant watch them. The app will only display a "still" frame without being able to watch the entire event. Please fix.
Works well with my camera, but until they improve the notification delay, I won't be paying for another year of the subscription. Had an 18 minute delay before it finally notified me of someone outside. Not cool. I could have robbed by that point.
The away feature just doesn't work consistently on our galaxy s7. Both my wife and I have problems. We are away but the app thinks we are home. I wished I had read the reviews before splashing out that much money on a device that does not work. We have reinstalled the app and checked all our settings. Update after 4 months. Since the away feature did not work I changed to a simple schedule. Even that is not working correctly. Somehow it decided I need my house heated at 2pm instead of 5pm. I am never home before 5pm. I have not changed any settings. And today it decided not to heat at all. I walked up to the thermostat at 5:30 and it was 60. I have no idea what it is doing but it is not doing it well.
Ability to save usage logs would be great. Need more info on logs like outside Temps and precip. Overall more feedback is needed, the idea is to save energy but you don't give the feedback to do so.You are seriously lagging behind the competition.
We have a Nest Thermostat and Smoke alarm. The thermostat is the device that we use this app for the most. Since the last update it seems to not be very good at figuring out when to switch to Eco mode when were not home, with delays of up to two hours to detect and switch. One day we were gone for over four hours and it didn't turn over to Eco mode at all. I tried to adjust the thermostat while not at home and it didn't work, it kept switching to our usual temperature. Very frustrating. I even tried reinstalling the app which did not restore the Eco mode detection to it's former glory. I'll change my review if these issues get fixed. I would love to see a longer, more robust energy history in app and have more user friendly scheduling options.
App on my S8 works fine, though very laggy when you start it up (clicking on thermostat or smoke alarm takes a few tries before it works). However, I cannot get it to install on my S3 Frontier watch, even though it says enhanced for wear. Even a fresh install doesn't work..?
Did it get worse over time for anyone else? I feel like the camera app now continually halts and crashes and it's close to unusable. I would have purchased a different camera if I had known about how poorly the app performs.
Don't get suckered in by the marketing team!! There are far more capable devices with better hardware and more advanced apps than the Nest product. This device and App are very basic. They don't even track operating time in real time. You have to wait until tomorrow to see how much your system ran today!! Pretty pathetic for what's perceived as an industry leader. Spend a few minutes doing your research and don't focus on a brand name.
Other than the thermostat being able to control it from phone, thats a perk. But the cameras, what is wrong with it? Why even own this if it cant show playback other than still images of some movement? It plays sounds just fine but the video playbacks doesnt work. I missed our samsung cameras that are way crisper in picture and better video quality and NEVER asked for subscription to see your videos. And only 4-6 hrs back of the recorded is viewable. Videos cannot be viewed, only sounds that are useless if you get robbed and only hear some sounds but not see the actual footage. ***If you decide to buy nest cameras, DON'T. Worse investment.
App has become very unstable lately. Constantly freezes when trying to open the app. Truly disappointing at this time considering all the nest products I use.
We paid for the playback service and now anytime I open the app my camera instantly freezes. We even upped our Internet service to 300mb, and the camera still freezes as soon as I open the app. It's pissing me off.
Cannot get it to work on my phone. Crashes every time try to open app. Have android 7.1.2 really no reason why doesn't work. Junk.
Doesn't set to the temperature you set it at. Its range goes way past the set temp. Lovely night sweats. Absolutely never hated a piece of technology more in my entire life. And now the battery is dead and it's wired. Switching back to the cutting edge technology of the past.
Latest update fails to accurately feed Home / Away functionality - this is the third time in the past 12 months that software updates and changes have broken this fundamental feature (used as one of the main selling points for the hardware). Without changes in user behaviour, as of 3rd February the Thermostat no longer goes into 'eco' mode when we are both at work (with no geographic change). No longer delivers on the promises of saving money. It seems Nest are more interested in selling new products than providing working software. I'm going to have to resort to implementing my own "Works with Nest" app integration with some home automation software to override the incorrect behaviour of the thermostat. I'd contact support again, but quite frankly can't face 2 months of pointless email conversation with them suggesting that I obtain other devices to test with. Oreo is the current release. Pixels are the reference devices. If your software doesn't work correctly with them, you're doing it wrong.
In regards to the indoor nest cam... that i use as a baby camera in my daughter's room...The 15sec rewind/forward is kind a garbage. Going back and forth to watch what was previously recorded in general is not great. All in all it does a ok job at recording moments of sound and movement. There's a lag in notifying me to when it happens..So, if I get a notification I know that it's not real time... But it's pretty close. I really like the control my wife and I have and i love the quality of video...Which is why I bought it in the 1st place. But, when I pay $100 to record moments when my daughter is in her crib and want to watch what the Nest Cam caught as sound and/ or movement...I pretty much just give up. This might be the last time I pay $100. I use Samsung galaxy s8+.
Would it be possible for you to add hourly lines on the Energy History page, this would make it alot easier to see when the heating has come on and gone off. Thanks. Also would it be possibke to change the distance from home that the heating comes on at. At the monent it's onltly aboit 100m for me, it would be better if it was about 3 miles.
Slow/lags on Android 7.0. also a message keeps popping up saying "Nest is having problems with Google play store". If it wasn't for that message every 3 seconds I would rate this app a 3. Lag prevents it from getting a 4 or 5 start. Update... After soft resetting my phone the message stopped popping up. Still runs a little slow/lag that's why I'm giving this app a 3.
App works well. Only issue i have is the Home / Away feature sometimes gets stuck on home. Very random and can't pinpoint the reason.
Consistently hitting some weird bug when my Pixel 2 XL is locked and I double tap the notification, then unlock with fingerprint or pattern, the nest app open to a black screen. I usually have to end the task and then reopen it
Something in the app or its backend service has changed recently making video review near impossible. I need to export anything I really want to review.
It used to notify me all the time and send me emails with snapshot, now it doesn't. It doesn't as often as before and when it does the email is delayed.
Was working well but latley its been slow and glitchy. Constantly says camera is turned off when it's not. Have to restart app
Not a smart thermostat. Minimal report, which give you no inside at all. I assume there are better thermostats with better and more really smart functionalities
Turns my Bluetooth on everytime I open the app and I have to turn it off after closing.
Video playback is almost unusable lately. Freezes when trying to go back to view footage.
Important suggestion: In nest cam please disable the option to swipe back from a camera feed because it frequently conflicts with swiping down the video feed making it super annoying.
This app DOESN'T work with Oppo phones! The company told me it would, then a senior tech told me it wouldn't after I puchased a product
I have to tap on buttons numerous times to get them to work.
Nest location doesn't appear to work when using Android Auto, Nexus 6P. If I don't use Auto it activates Nest when I'm on my way. If in using Auto, it's cold!!!
When I try to go back to see camera history it just freezes.
Would be better if you could store schedules as a profile, so a winter schedule, summer schedule etc. And set a maximum allowable temperature setting for additional profile family members beyond the main account holder
On my Sony XZ1 setting a schedule and it shut down at least 8 times. Not that usable when it does that.
Nice app but verry buggy. Home assist always tells that I am home (and it's not an app permission issue).
15 second skip does not work frequently on the cameras
Please fix the on/off button latley it keeps turning off when trying to turn it on its like its glitched.
Video play back for them camera doesn't work!!
I really wish that nest would make separate apps for different devices. I have one thermostat and have to continually update it for multiple devices and features which don't apply to me.
Not intuitive and more about selling other products rather than an usable/functioning app
As others have stated, constantly turns on Bluetooth on my S7 Edge even if I don't open the app. Everyday I have to shut it off again on my phone. I don't see a way of preventing this app from doing so. I use this for their thermostat and smoke detectors. Why does it need permissions to access my Contacts, Camera and to record audio, among many more? Finally, fix your web page! Every time I go to the support area for Thermostats, for example, I can go no further. An error message states "Oops! There was an error. Try again?" or "We'll be back soon". Try again, why? To keep getting the same error? Been like that forever. How soon is soon? A year from now?
The schedule, fan and history buttons require multiple tries before they work. Cannot start fan from Google home.
App is great, like the design and functionality. However not very responsive on S8, you have to press buttons multiple times.
Easy to use but I can't tell what temperature it is in the room with the thermostat
I've never had issues with app. Allows me to track my usage. Keep up the good work!
Sucks...so glitchy...freezes...come on already.
Video no longer plays more than few seconds. Netflix/YouTube working fine.
Easy to use, seemless integration to goggle home
We should be able to use third party WiFi cameras
Doesn't work.
App was very easy visual is great..jus bought it and so far so good
Needs a widgit option!
Very easy to use!
Great app! Would love a lot more energy history!
Super easy to understand once you get the hang of it!
So easy to setup and use new devices
Very nice innovative convenient product
Great app easy and convenient !
Home Away Home Away
b'This is a great app????'
Awesome thermostat.
I love it
Got a notification, goto app, need to enter email and password because the app had updated, why cant it fux$%$g remember my login like other apps, i dont carry my passwords around with me. Im not logging in again until its fixed im just fed up with it.
Need to make it where I can actually set my humidifier setting. I don't like the 5% increments. When I have it set for 40% it says nest will keep humidity above this minimum.... No I want it at 40% not above. If it has to be a 2-3% differential for anti short cycling purposes, so be it but note that in the app so users know. Other than that the app is good
This is a great app to keep track of all your nest products of course. Just once glitch I found using it on my galaxy s8 running 7.0 is when I turn off camera the switch turns right back on. Cam turns off but then I can't turn it back on. Wife used her iPhone and the switch is off and switching back to on ok
Since the update, my camera randomly goes offline for sort periods of time. I know it's not my router, I have tested its connectivity and speed. This camera was great at one point. Perhaps it's due to the transition of it going to Google? Rating will be edited upon an update that fixes this issue.
so it ridiculous that the iphone version of this app shows event thumbnails while the android version does not...nest support says its due to some “design kit” differences on both platforms??? sounds like bs, and since there's nothing lower than a 1star that's what this app deserves until the event thumbnails feature is made available on android. would have imagined that a google product/app should have the most features on google's flagship operating system
Very slow on Galaxy s8+ touching the screen causes the video to buffer which sometimes makes it imoossible to zoom in. Once enhanced zoom is enabled it takes 15-20 tries to zoom back out. Touching the zoom button at the bottom left consistently fails to work and the video stops and buffers. This is on a 100mbps download, 15mbps upload network and cameras from other manufacturers work fine.
Camera clips never load video. Just a blurry and useless thumbnail unless you pay for a nest Aware subscription. Core functionality that doesn't work and makes the product useless. All I know is that the door is opened. If I want to know what happened to open it, it requires me to pay a $150/year subscription. Support always takes forever to get and the support agents are useless. I'm really disappointed in my experience with Nest so far. For such a dominant brand, backed by Google, I expected a lot more.
The app is absolutely awful on Android. I pay for Nest Aware and rewind works maybe 1 out of every hundred tries. You also can't really zero in on a time. If I want to watch something at 3:59:26 PM I can't go to that timestamp, it puts you way ahead or way behind it. I'll be looking for some different cameras that are actually worth the money. Update 1/31/18: the app continues to be awful. Fast forwarding usually resets to where I started viewing. I cannot zoom in on video on mobile. The sound does not work correctly to speak to someone through the camera.
why does the app freeze whenever I touch the mic icon? the TalkBack function would be an awesome feature if it worked. edit: with every update, the app becomes less and less functional. specific cameras won't open when tapped. I have no idea why zooming is such a difficult thing.
Major issues with home away assist it does not recognize when I'm home or away the camera records continuously until I manually turn the camera off and I have to switch it on when I'm away. Support has been trying to assist me but nothing is working. Update this issue already before nest included this feature everything worked fine. There is a glitch in this app that prevents certain Samsung devices not to work properly with this app. I like the thermostat feature it works great but my concern is the nest camera especially since it's for my primary security protection
I'm using the app for my nest cameras and smoke detectors. Overall working okay but keep on having problems with home/away assist. Most of the time it's not working correctly. The app is saying I'm at home, I I'm at home but my cameras are still active and I'm getting loads of notifications. If this could be improved that would be great.
No boast that overrides your schedule in heating. you can't change the default tone it uses so when you get alerts from cam it comes in and uses same tone as messages etc and would like to be able to change this. Also for notifications that come from cam there should be an option to tick yes you got this alert right or no you didn't. I have a alert sent to me every hour when a clock chimes in room, been 30 days and hasn't learnt this sound so not point renewing nest subscription
Unless you pay $10 a month for a subscription, you only get screen shots for 3 hours. Meaning if someone breaks into your car while you are sleeping and 3 hours pass, the app will have already deleted the footage. We paid $180 for the camera and it's almost useless to us now. We are not happy. $10 a month may not sound like much, but it's not clear before buying the camera how defective it would be without a subscription. In the long run, you'd pay less for a more expensive camera that comes with it's own media storage.
Overall app is OK for the thermostat control, but it is really annoying how it ignores most taps on my Galaxy S8. I sometimes have to click something 10 or 15 times before it registers. Also, I think that filter replacement notifications should be sent as push notifications, and not just displayed on the thermostat itself. If it wasn't for the very unresponsive interface on the S8, I would have given 4 stars.
Nest is almost always wrong (reads a few degrees higher), not so smart to get temperature scheduled, and keeps the house uncomfortable. But the wifi connection to be able to adjust temperature is worth is. Maybe.
I am looking for the features like by using this App in my phone, I can send message to my Nest thermostat screen. So one of my family member can read it like. Hi hello. Or I will come home@ 6 PM. Or fillup gas in my car. Or buy some groceries like that message. So in other hand its general message for whole family. No private message. I can send message on screen to get ready my son. Etc etc. It may be very important features
The for the most part the app works well, and the functionality with the nest protect is a really good feature. However, the nest cameras need a lot of work. Finding the options for the camera is confusing and not well laid out. This area of the app needs a lot of work. The app has not been optimised to account for new security products. No widgets for quickly turning on our off security. Also you can't reorganize spaces view, this should be a basic feature. How did they miss this?
Outdoor camera sends a lot of false hits. I shouldn't be getting any emails for anything whatsoever but do. App is not very well laid out for settings. Needs a massive overhaul. Not very impressed with app at all.
The app is great. It's simple and uncluttered, easy to use, a marvel of human factors engineering, just like the Nest products themselves. I can only say good things about its design and execution. However, I am concerned about the huge list of Permissions that the app requires. I understand that this is a universal app for all of Nest Labs' products. I'm only using their thermostat so far, and this is where my concerns come from. - Why Identity? Why does it need to "find accounts" on my phone? - Why Contacts? Why does it need to "read [my] contacts"? The Photokeeper scam/spam app did the same thing. I know that Nest isn't spam, but I still don't know why Nest should care about my Contacts list. - Why Photos/Media/Files? And why Storage? Why does Nest need to "read, modify, and delete contents of USB storage" on my phone? The contents of my phone, other than what Nest needs to put there to operate, are none of Nest's business. - Why Camera, and why Microphone? Is Nest going to be taking pictures or videos with my phone's camera? And why? - Why "control vibration" and "prevent device from sleeping"? - Why "full network access"? It's the "full" that worries me here.
Good but dumber than I hoped. 1: Notification sounds are generic. Can't customize notifications so camera alerts sound the same as everything else. 2: Smoke detector (Protect) has a nighttime mode but security camera doesn't. That's dumb. They should talk to each other or treat camera should have for better schedualing and auto modes to allow for nighttime security.
After updating to Oreo on my S7 the video playback freezes after 5secs with the nest outdoor cam, even while viewing it live. It still runs great on other S7 phones running nougat and on a pc browser. PLEASE FIX!
Not user friendly for first time setup. Should be easy to connect to wifi through the phone, not pressing a million buttons to "see if that's the right one" or going home to complete setup, what's the point of wifi access if you can't access it wirelessly to set it up?
Cameras barely work. Significant lag and often won't load live video even though I have blazing fast Wi-Fi. Makes the product useless as a home security tool.
It doesn't always switch back and forth Home/Away like it should. I pulled in my driveway. Waited a few moments then it switched to Home, but it didn't go out of ECO mode. This isn't working the way it is advertised.
The app is great when it works, but it always seems to have problems with communications between the nest products and the app. My WiFi is fine and can stream 4k to my Roku and FireTV, so I don't see it being on my end.
Great app except that home and away doesn't work properly on all phones and the app gives a "cannot communicate warning". Basic feature that they can't get right. For such expensive products you'd assume they'd put some of that into fixing an app.
Horrible app. I don't understand why the touch sensitivity is so terrible. I literally have to touch a button five times for it to work. This is literally the only app on my phone that is like this. I've installed and reinstalled. Same issue.
I was having trouble with my Samsung Galaxy S7, when l would open Nest App, the picture wouldn't show, was spinning and would lock up. I would have to go to, settings, apps, Nest, and force stop to stop the app. Called Nest Support and tried a couple of things they suggested. What was weird is the Nest App works perfect on my Windows 7 computer and wife's Samsung Tablet, and l have had this Nest App for a year. Support suggested that I turn off Wi-Fi on my phone and use my cellular network. It worked but I am at home and I turn my data off and use my Wi-Fi at home to save cellular network charges. I finally clicked on the settings icon, in the Nest App, scrolled down to camera front yard and clicked on it, then scrolled down to Wi-Fi connection. Make sure you turn on Bluetooth, you will have to scan barcode on bottom of your camera. When I was finished I turned phone off and then turned it back on. It is working now. Also before I did all that the only permission Nest had in the Nest App was microphone. After I did the Wi-Fi connection it also asked permission for location and camera. Hope it works for others. P.S. this is a unlocked Samsung Galaxy S7 and I love it and the Nest App. Good Luck and God Bless.
The latest update fixed the scrolling issue like many others have said and ALSO I can tell a huge difference with how fast I can access the mic now on all my cameras. Much better! I'm so excited that they really came through and fixed this and in timely manner. The key for a successful company is to listen to your consumers and Nest sure has and does. The last update is PROOF. I Changed my rating like I said I would and will continue to offer Nest products to my clients everyday (Best Buy Smart Home Designer) Also, PLEASE make a widget for the Yale lock. Thanks.
Great app! Would 5 star of I could get lifetime heating history. WHY ONLY TEN DAYS?! Seriously, that makes no sense at all..... Please fix that. I have to have a secondary app to keep track.
Went offline continuously got robbed no use tried to take back within 15 days us cellular would not take back. What a scam never told me had to buy app and unlimited wyfy which didnt work either. What a scam!!!
For cameras, it will harass you for eternity to try out their added subscription service. Closing the message only works for a little while, the "Subscribe to..." Spam will just keep coming back. There should be an easy way to permanently closed this annoyance.
Was great at first... not so much anymore I loved the trial where we could play back the video. We didn't sign up for the subscription yet but i cant believe the difference from the trial to what we see now... we can pretty much only view live video now... I can't play anything back.. not even images or even the last 2 minutes of footage! And I can only see activity from the last hour which... to be honest is maybe 3 images and the rest is blurry unloaded images. It's terrible... are my cameras not working properly? I don't get it....
Basic App. Not the most visual pleasing. Too many click to get to things that should be on main screen. Missing a lot of common sense thing. When was the last time the air was adjusted?
b"App keeps saying camera is offline. Camera is 25 feet from my router, which has an internet connection. It won't live stream but it takes screenshots when motion is detected. It's pointless to own this if I can't monitor it with the app. I've reset my router and the camera and it still says offline, will go online for a little while, but majority of the time it's offline. ??"
Was forced to get this new app....loved my old system.... this is not user friendly and they need to make it more user friendly for the program. Scheduling SUCKS!! My old thermostat was much easier to schedule
It usually works if you just want to live view a camera but many things can do that. It almost never works if you want to go back and view video from a motion event (which is pretty much its raison d'etre, right?). It just spins and never works. Until they get this fundamental thing to work at a basic level, I can't recommend purchasing Nest cameras or using this app. The service and client engineering is poor.
Thermostat UI features are fairly robust and reliable, however, the touch responsiveness is very problematic. It is as if the touch aware area of each screen element is significantly smaller than the graphic/icon. It takes many diligent attempts to get the tap just right. Why is this still an issue after so many updates? Additionally the app doesn't retain my password for very long, and re-entering it repeatedly is getting frustrating.
Not very responsive on Galaxy S8. Occasionally it works but most of the time I find myself leaving the app or going back to get it to register any input. Please fix this. I find it unacceptable that this is a primary feature to an expensive thermostat and it doesn't even work as it should.
Love the Thermostat, but the Home/Away assist is basically broken and never works properly. I have to remember to turn it to away when I go out or it just stays set on being home.
Keeps freezing on the mode icon. It won't let me turn it off or switch to ECO mode. I have to hit it a couiple tines before I get the option.
Zone notifications stopped working. I change nothing, and yes they are turned on.
Update: still very poor UI responsiveness to basic touch input. To skip 15 seconds, it often resets or won't skip. Very irritating to manage cameras from the app. Almost unusable for anything other than notifications and live viewing. Scrubbing is pretty awful. Interface looks nice. Works fine. I consistently have issues with touch feedback more so than with other apps. I have to tap around the numbers to select the high or low temperature. I have to keep tapping to select the zone I want to change. I'm not sure if it's just slow at processing the feedback or the sensitivity is off or the active area I need to touch is just that small. But it is slightly annoying. Now that I have Nest outdoor cameras, I feel the UI is pretty terrible. I try to slide up and down to scrub time and it doesn't work at least half the time. Trying to expand to full screen doesn't work often. The tactile feedback is pretty erratic and annoying. But the single solution through Nest is enough that I'm sticking with it until something better comes along.
Excruciatingly slow video retrieval from Nest servers. Amazing that we have to endure such mediocrity while paying a monthly fee for the service.
Used to work great when it was just a thermostat. Now that I added Hello, it's awful. Blue spinner forever and I can't even view video feed.
Home/away is all but unless now. I come home to find out my camera never even turned on while I was gone. Wonderful google...
Second all the complaints re the video playback jumping around, being unresponsive to the 15 sec skips, lagging, problems flipping b/t landscape and portrait modes, etc. Just cancelled my subscription to stop paying for a service they advertised and failed to provide.
It seems to quit working every time I leave the house and yes I know how to work it. It keeps freezing up even while I'm home. Nothing gets fixed. Frustrating to say the least.
Honestly , quit smapping me to download the app from the SPA page. When I dismiss the pop up to advertise for the app , I get it . Leave me alone !! Why is his even an app... Spa page does everything...
Great app. I'd like to see live weather for the app background like the web page does. I have Nests in two houses working great. Would really like more alerts. For example, let me know if one of my Nests detects a specific threshold has been reached, is "It's over 77 on Mom's Nest".
I wish there was an alarm feature that was built into the app for the thermostat. For example, it would be helpful if you could set up an alarm so that if the thermostat was calling for heat, but the temperature was not increasing then push an alarm through the app. You could have similar operation for cooling as well, but if the temps weren't decreasing, then activate an alarm. Ideally the user could configure the parameters for this as well. Please implement this, Nest! This will help with knowing if your HVAC equipment is working properly without having to find out when it's too late.
Works ok. Unsuitable for use as a baby monitor since I can't keep a camera feed open for more than a minute or so before I get kicked out due to being disconnected from the service or something. I try to do all my nest adjustments in third party apps to avoid using this, but this is the only place I have a live feed.
Half of the time the application does not work and I'm forced to wait until the server is working. Ive tried using the website as well and it's also down. I have a 3rd generation nest thermostat. I wish I could return this item.
Doesn't work as well as years past. This year my house spends a lot of time very cold. Heat is not as consistent as it has been over the last few years. What have you changed in the programming?
Very easy to use. It should have more detail on what each feature is capable of and how they work. Other than that, I love using this app to easily adjust the temperature in my home on the nest thermostat from wherever I am.
Even though my WiFi has had zero issues, my smoke alarms and alarm system have both been losing connection. I rarely can turn my nest secure on or off from my phone.
Nest thermostat works well on the app BUT the camera is basically worthless as it goes off line daily. My internet service is 100mps and is 5k, they will say it's the internet service - but it's not, it's the camera or the app.
Your app glitches and lacks security options. Your service is far to expensive and hardly meets requirements. Perhaps growing pains yet one would think your technical department and development team could be slightly smart than that to fix things! Jus sayin!
In Android system, the click button is very lagging and sometimes stuck. I need to terminater and start another app to use it. Compare to hardware itself, the experience of the application is somehow disappointing.
Used Dropcam and now need to use the nest app - but my continent (Africa) and country (South Africa) is not listed. Which means that I can't even do the setup. Wow! Terrible!!
I'm not particularly happy with this app. Functions as simple as turning the camera on and off don't work very well, and the video feed is pretty choppy.
The app works fine, but it's difficult to fast forward or rewind just a few seconds. More precise scrolling would be helpful.
NEST PLEASE READ Just got a Nest 3rd Gen to control my heating and hot water tank. Lovely build quality and easy to install and set up. Just a few minor issues but nothing a quick Google search couldn't sort out. My only real problem is the hot water schedule. It will only let you set a minimum of 30 minutes in any one period. I used to have my old system come on in the morning and afternoon for 20 minuets. I have a powerful boiler due to my house size so it heats my water tank fast. I now have to run it for 50% more. For something that sells itself as a money saving device this is really really bad. Nest, please update firmware and app to allow for 10 minute adjustments, you'd then have a 5 start product. I know some people have asked for the same on the heating side as well. Update after a few days, another thing missing is boost for heating, you have to turn it up and then remember to turn it back again. Also the app doesn't always open so something wrong with it. Must say I'm thinking I should have got the Hive
I have the thermostat and 1 camera, the app reaction time is very slow or sometimes needs multiple taps to react. I hope they improve this. I like the products otherwise.
worked great till free subscription ended now its laggy and struggles to even load the camera view, all this occurred the day my free subscription ran out!! ironic
The latest update broke my activity zone notifications. I tried removing and reinstalling all my cameras and it's still messed up. Customer service was no help resolving the issue. I hope a future update fixes it. Edit #1: I finally discovered (on my own) what the issue is. Unless you have "person seen" activated, you will not get notifications in an activity zone when someone walks by. With this option turned off, you will only get notifications for motion. For example: a bird flying by or waving your hand directly in front of the camera. This is extremely unfortunate for people who only want person seen notifications in specific activity zone instead of in the entire camera's field of vision. For example: a camera pointing outside where people regularly walk by, but you are only interested in notifications in a specific zone. The only other option is to turn on "person seen" and get a million notifications throughout the day and hope that one of them is within the activity zone you actually care about. I really hope they fix this so "person seen" is a unique option for each activity zone instead of the camera overall. Currently, it's a broken feature. Edit #2: still no good feedback from Nest on how to solve the notification issues. I've had to "hack" my cameras by smudging/dirtying the lens making the video quality blurry. This tricks the camera into not recognizing if a person walks in an activity zone. Instead, it only sees it as motion which results in the notifications I want. Pretty sad that I have to do this in order to get a simple feature to work. Edit #3: I unsubscribed from Nest Aware since there is still an issue with motion alerts and person alerts. No point in throwing away money. Edit #4: Nest has finally fixed the activity zones notifications! Thank you very much for listening to our feedback. Rating changed back to five stars.
Developer needs to be fired ASAP. Already very laggy and now delays caused by Pop-up Ads. Garbage application.
Easy to use app, only complaint is the minimum time you can set between two scheduled thermostat events is 1 hour.
Love the Equipment, NOT so much the app. Freezes and disconnects at random times
Is there any plans for a boost function to turn on the central heating for a set amount of time. 30 minutes or 1 hour for example? Also, in 'schedule' the amount of time before you can change the temperature level could be in shorter increments. 30 minutes would be good or have the option to schedule 'boost' (for the central heating) to come on for 30 minutes. Any plans for either of these options in future updates?
Nest thermostat is a slick piece of marketing, but not a good thermostat. Ideally, the product would be as effective as the packaging and social media suggest.
update: I am now getting an error every time I open the app that it is having trouble connecting to Google play services. Checked all my settings. No idea what's causing this problem.
Camera not displaying image for the last 4 days regardless of 250mbps internet and excellent WiFi signal
Using the app for nest outdoor camera. The app does not notify both in Android and ios and yes app is allowed to pulse notifications. It is very little use of this camera if it doesn't notify momentarily. Besides It records events supposedly when there is a motion but it doesn't always. Not talking about birds or something persons.
Camera is slow. App has bugs and freezes as well. Always overheats. Unless you pay for their subscription, your video feed is all but useful. Any attempt to rewind footage leaves you with a frozen screen. Extremely disappointed.
Another day, another cold morning because Nest failed to see two phones being at home overnight despite them both having the app installed.
Does not work. Cannot tell me what temp or adjust temp with my phone app. Support is useless. 1000 answers to read with a search for assistance that doesn't return relevant info. Disappointed. If can't change temp with app going to return product.
Thermostat no longer goes to Eco mode on its own when we leave the house. Used to work perfectly until the last update.
There are all sorts of issues with subscribing at the moment....payment loops, screens with no continue button...
Love this application, incredibly easy to navigate and great information regarding temperature schedules, current outdoor temperature, air filter change...all the information I didn't have with my programmable thermostat. Highly recommend the Nest thermostat and this application!
App is okay, the history button, eco, schedule button etc at the bottom is terribly unresponsive. It's very clunky and needs alot of taps to get I to it
Needs some work. Just switched back to Samsung from Apple and the live stream of camera is either nothing or a the blue spinning circle. Worked very smooth with Apple products.
U Broke it. Can't see any info about my nest. Can only switch from to away
Simple setup, easy to use. Everything you want to do can be done from your mobile phone.
Pairs poorly with dropcam. During install and first use, forces you to give up location permission. Hostile app.
OK app. Home / Away sensing very buggy. Can't get it to work properly. Looses a lot of value add due to lack of functionality.
Away mode doesn't work, system doesn't turn to eco. Please fix.
Constantly unresponsive. Unable to switch back and forth between two thermostats.
Setting the schedule is ridiculous. Trying to aim the little sliders is way to annoying.
When registering Im trying to put my addres and the loading button never stopped to appear.
It was working great, but the first bit of smoke from cooking and I had alarms all afternoon. It wouldn't allow me to stop it without removing them and their batteries.
It hasn't been working right since last update "google play issues" is error message.
I keep getting this error message. "com.nestlabs.android.framework. Main is having trouble with Google Play services. Please try again."
UI is still unresponsive on Galaxy S8 phones.
Live feed and notifications or nice but if u dont pay the monthly subscription this camera Monitoring is kinda useless.
unable to change notification sound, turns on Bluetooth all the time for no reason so annoying
b"Update-Now I can't even turn on my nest cam??. Fix this and I'll update my review!"
b"LOVE NEST! ?? Very reliable products & app. Never lets me down! Easy to set-up & use. I get EVERY notification. Highly Recommend using! Thanks NEST, I'm glad to have you in my hand, home & on my side!! Support is Always Great to work with too!! ??"
As useful apps go, I consider this one essential for users of the Nest Learning Thermostat. Easy to use, clear-cut functions make living with Nest even easier.
Owned and installed for less than 72hrs. It's now not been working for 18hrs. Returning today buying Arlo.
Crashes with Android 8.0 on my LG G6 when I try to view my video feed
the camera costs a stupid amount of money to keep using.
App can not be moved to external SD memory. Can monitor any and all data going in or out of your network.
Great app..lost a star cause have to tap actions several times to make it respond.
Constant notifications, despite disabling them in the App - had to resort to going deep into the Android settings to mute this app forever.. Please sort this out!
Works great I just hope they add 2 options. 1. Schedule when to shut off notifications. 2. Let you know if the camera is receiving good wifi signal.
Nest stop working 2 days ago.
App doesn't remember my login name or address.
Great app and a great product. The insight feature is a major bonus. All around my experience has been better than anticipated with my first Nest product.
What all the 5 star reviews say, but seems to freeze a lot and don't have any other choice
So easy to use but does not start up automatically when scheduled.
App easy to use, cameras a little pricy but work great.
Works well and I really like the away/home functionality, so easy.
b"Was perfect except the auto away eco setting has stopped working. I'm at work, check app, my heaters on. ??"
UI is nice but can't turn the fan off with the app and the timer functionality doesn't work when I use it with the app.
Easy to use, no glitches works great. Love the interface too, pretty intuitive.
Edit: AI on these camers just dont work. I get notified of person and its a dog, cat, tree shadow moving... but I don't get notified of real person consistently??? Coming And going still Doesn't work for both individual phones. (Pixel xl and P2XL) sometimes turns on cameras when home. It works fine for a couple days then the assist says hasn't detected this device in a few days so it's not using this device presence detection, even tho using the app during those days so it should have detected it. Doesnt disable when arriving, may take 5 to 10 mins to notice at times. I've disabled battery optimization for nest as well and still get this issue daily. If smartthings knows my detection why doesn't Google's on products not work together... Sigh I can't even adjust the time setting for the nest sensor, once you set it, that's it! With all these issues for all these years, I can't commit to upgrading to home security, the smart Lock or even suggest this to someone, and it's been that way for years. Yes I have reached out to tech support, I know more about the issues and the software/hardware situations than them. I run in circles around tech support that's it's not worth the time to call anymore, ill need to just look for a new product, ecobee and Honeywell have come a long way. I put a lot of money in to the products and their inflated subscription, and time, I can no longer suggest it. For it's price, I should never miss a person at my door, have a software issue with presence detection or non tested equipment/software before roll out, seriously how did the sensor setting to change the time frame not get put in the menu?? Sorry nest, you've been given too much time to compete in this market.
Would be great if it didn't crash all the time.
Does not respond fast android. App works best on apple.
The UI is just a bit stupid.
Stop TURNING ON MY BLUETOOTH AT NIGHT... Even when i have Wi-Fi... Include a setting to switch it off asap
Lol one day there was a robber
To all African customers please don't buy Nest products because their Application doesn't give you a home setup if you are in Africa.
the app , works great I can control the temp with my phone what could be better easy to install and use 5 *
Home away assist doesn't work at all no matter what I try ,this is a widespread issue.
So buggy. Especially with the camera.
Keeps turning my Bluetooth on randomly!
Feature requests: #1 Set heat or cool temp based on outside temp. #2 offer widgets
Love the app but it's missing the scroll feature in landscape mode like the apple version has
Poor app, disconnects often, least helpful
Please add a night mode to the nest thermostat
I love this app!! Awesome security it's great!!!!! Just please add a way to add a backup network for cameras so they can accept cell backup network!!!
Can't believe you guys don't have widgets yet!
Nice app that complements well designed nest device. Would like to see widget for this app.
Love that it lets the thermostat start heating/ cooling as I approach the house
Works great, easy to use
Keeps crashing.
Fantastic ecosystem of all of their products. Please add widgets!!
Love my nest cams they work like a charm
I love it I can check in to see what is going on in my home
Great app to control my residence at home or away.
It is fast to correct location to travel.
Love it! So easy
More integrated systems
I Love you
Easy to use
Great!
Easy to operate
Great app...
cool
This app does ABSOLUTELY nothing now - complete & utter bloody RUBBISH nest - you should be ashamed of offering this RUBBISH to people - a disgrace. This "smart thermostat" that cost me £200 is in fact just a dumb thermostat that I could have got for £40 save your money people & don't get drawn into parting with your hard earned for this RUBBISH
They finally fixed the bugs that made their app suck
Works great everyday for me on my XL2
the best. .
Scrolling feature of Nest camera app will not work with S8 Oreo. I have to use my old S5 with Nougat and updated Nest app to scroll through previous recordings. Have a case opened with Nest. Have not heard back from them in a week.
The notifications are SO DELAYED for the cameras!! When I first got them, it was within a second or 2, but now my notifications are 10 MINUTES later?? Doesn't make any sense. Thermostat control is fine, can see camera live fine, but notifications, the whole reason I have Nest, is TOO SLOW
Here lately the app is very slow to start up on my galaxy s7 almost like it is frozen. Once it is up and running it works perfect.
Picture in picture or split screen? I'd like to use my phone while having a camera in use. How is this app so behind the curve?
Doesn't work anymore with data phone, works only when connected on a WiFi network. With iPhone it works in both ways. It worked before, it works fine with iPhone. I have an LG G6
Takes forever to load, slowest app I have seen in 5 years.
app no longer loads, can't use
Nest needs to roll back this latest update. Everything was working fine, with the exception of notifications which can be hit or miss often. Now my app isn't working at all, just get the spinning circle. Fix this ASAP Nest!
Somewhat unresponsive at times. Very annoying.
Laggy on s8...fixed!
The best home set up youll ever have
Great
This app looks abandoned. Old bugs are not fixed, reliability of the service is not improved. Customer care answers with links to the support website but feel helpless. Home/Awat assist is *still* unreliable, I have to manually check if the cam turned on and half of the times it didn't. This feature has been unreliable since day one. Absolutely no improvement. Google Assistant feature resets itself and then can't be added back.. there's potential but from a Google company I expected better software and reliability.
Starting in July, can't connect to my Nests unless I turn off wifi. Used to work fine.
Location doesn't work all the time. Camera won't shut off when I am home.
Nest apparently takes security too lightly. They needlessly expose their camera over Bluetooth even though this adds no value for me. It is also unclear what kind of encryption they use for transmitting the video feed.
New review- They fixed it!!!!!! 5 stars great camera does everything. See old review - great companies listen to their customers!!!! Thank you for the fix! Old review - Love the old version. With the new update there's no scrolling which separated you from your competition. Now you're no better than RING. Please fix and I'll give you 5 stars.
Great, easy app to work with. It's had a few links here and there as far as hangups and such, but all in all, it's been a dependable app. The more nest products one has the more useful it is, obviously. And throughout the years, I've gone full board with their products and have been extremely happy.
Suddenly stopped working: shows trouble connecting to nest service. Works on other devices or via web.
All it need is a way to drag and drop/organize Nest products.
Turns on Bluetooth and kills battery
Does what is suppose to do
Video doesn't play at all unless you have PERFECT service
love it! saves me $$$ on my electric bill
Constantly offline
The idea is great. The products are great. The app is simple to use whenever it works. The app refuses to automatically switch from home to away anymore. The cameras constantly have loading problems. I hope nothing happens at my house when it is acting up. Seriously thinking of changing camera brands to one that the app actually works as advertised. Been having problems for 6 months waiting to see if an update would fix it. Nope.
This app works half the time, if you are lucky. It's basically a useless headache and therefore renders the cameras useless since this is the only way to control them. This needs to be fixed or I am returning all of my cameras. Update: today I had to unplug ALL of my cameras since the app would not let me turn them off. Much better options out there that actually work. I'll be taking my business elsewhere now.
This app used to work flawlessly, now the home away assist just does not work as advertised. I'll leave to find hours later my AC is still running. I have to open app and toggle away assist off and back on for it to work. I've unistalled app, delete account and recreate account, factory reset thermostat, factory reset phone and it'll be fine for a day or two then go right back to malfunctioning in the same manner. I have an S8+ with a top of the line Asus AC router, this shouldn't be giving me hell like it is.
App crashes on a pixel... Should never happen
Used to work on mobile data but it doesn't anymore. Keep getting can't connect to nest services. Back home on WiFi it connects. what have you done to the app. Please fix it. Android 7.0 Huawei mate 9.
Too many triggers not pushing notifications. Very disappointing.
Auto away which is half the point of this app doesn't work reliably.
Makes me feel safe.
Always the best experience with Nest
We were so excited to get the Nest Thermostat and cameras. I have a Samsung 8+ and this app doesn't work. I received support from Nest (which took over 2 hours in the que) and their app DOES NOT WORK WITH ANDROIDS. They do not have a fix or an eta. We will be returning our cameras! Very Disappointed! I informed them about Tammera Hanner's review stating she received a link and they said that was false information. If Tammera has a link, please share. All of us Android Users would love that link.
Worked fine until automatic update...now it doesn't
Literally the least intuitive and user friendly app I have used. It's close to impossible to land on a specific time to view. It would be less time consuming to actually stare out my front window than to scroll through the POS interface. Seriously, you have to wait at least 2 minutes to get to the time you want. And in most cases longer. Heaven forbid you want to zoom in on the screen. 10 times out of 10 it jumps you back or forward 15 minutes. Seriously, how has this not been fixed or at least improved.
I don't understand why you can't pause, fast forward, or rewind. The rest of the app is great, but it's so frustrating trying to review video....
There's a glitch on the next oneplus 6 that is not working correctly currently ):
I had the cannot connect to nest problem for quite awhile. It started to work again today.
Sometimes takes forever to connect or doesn't at all.
Buggy. Won't load video
Recently an update has caused the app to not connect reliably to the heat link. Will lose connection and give H1 error. Highly frustrating. A broken app.
I hate everything nest. Drop cam sold out to them. nest's customer service is terrible. I would never own or buy a nest product.
PLEASE Stop forcing users to move to nest... dropcam just works, just let it be.
Simple app, great product
Stat is good, app needs work. 1- option to receive notifications of changes made to the system ("from Nest : now cooling the master bedroom to 70°"). 2- Easy dumbing down for the random needs. In other words, manually change the temperature could invoke the option to hold that temperature for X minutes, and not "learn" that behavior.
Clean, easy to use. Camera view is very buggy and freezes when navigating around history. Super frustrating to get notified of motion and then be stuck messing with it for minutes just trying to get the clip to play so I can see if my house is being burglarized.
I've been trying to login to my account, the app and the website on 2 different browsers, gives me a thinking sign after putting in my credentials. It has not actually logged me in so that I can add a product to my account. Very frustrating. I used to be really happy with this app.
This app will not configure to my phone. It used to work great until about a month ago. I have sent the app service notifications twice and still having problems. I have to uninstall and wait then reinstall and it will work for maybe a day.
The current update has errors. When I open on my mobile phone it say "Nest Thermostat isn’t connected to the Heat Link". But it is connected, I cannot use the phone to adjust the nest device.
I'm using this software with the Nest indoor camera and can only say the software is garbage!!! not intuitive at all nor works as advertised. On mobile phone there is little or no control over recorded segments, so if you want to see something from an Hour ago, Forget It! The Camera, although having a great picture, its pure JUNK! signal range is about 10ft from router and constantly disconnects in middle of recordings. Taking camera back to store for refund today!!!
This is a spy app on the other end. Everything is stored somewhere, you are being watched listened on and recorded by any nest devices. Nest is gathering information on you. Rebates are bates their 5 star reviews are mostly fake reviews.
Why can't i save mini clips to my phone? My must you require me to purchase a plan to view it? Or log in on a computer to see these 10sec clips? I would love it if there's an option that the camera saves all activity for the day and we get to save the ones we need. Then, everything can be deleted after we save what we need. If i were to be robbed on vacation...all videos will be deleted before i get a chance to save them. Stupid. I might not have access to a comp or be near my phone on vacation. 3 out of 5.
We use this only for our thermostat. The original thermostat in our house was extremely old & didn't function properly. Since day one I have noticed a huge difference in how well our AC works. Our electric bill went down last month even though it was the hottest month so far. (We moved in 14 months ago). I would highly recommend the Nest App & Nest thermostat!
I loved my Nest for the past year...until it went offline yesterday telling me no wifi and low battery. I have wifi and I have reset the Nest yet it is still indicating it is offline. I did troubleshoot all of the recs and still nothing. I am really disappointed!
The app never responds. U hit the button and doesnt do anything. Only thing that consistently works is the temp levels hut the mode and fan randomly work but most of time dont
Most recent update broke the app. I login, and it just spins and spins forever, doesn't show thermostats. Yet I can login perfectly fine on the web and adjust my thermostat.
It does what it is supposed to do well. However, after connecting a nest protect it continually turns on my Bluetooth. There should be a setting to turn off this behaviour to save battery.
b"Love it when it works. But lately app keeps freezing! Totally useless! Tried clearing cache, reboot, log out/in. Nothing seems to help. Can't even get to support in app. ??"
For the nest protect smoke detector. How about a battery level option that tells you the approximate level the battery % is at. Would be nice to know a little while before it's getting ready to know it's going to die.
Nest... will you ever fix this issue that most Android users have with the multiple tapping!!!! I have to tap 3, 4, 5, sometimes 7 times for the app to respond to a selection. Your products cost too much fre@king money for the app to behave this way.
Its not the app. Its the product. It is very unreliable. We just changed back to the old fashioned thermostat.
It's ok. Have it for an outside camera at my 2nd home. Because it constantly streams and we use a cellular modem there I turn it on and off as necessary. When it's off then turning on is easy, but when on I have to go through three clicks and scrolling to turn it off. Please just provide an on/off switch on the home page
Primitive at best. Find a thermostat that has more features than the few available from Nest. You'll be happier if you spend a few minutes doing some internet research. This one doesn't really display temp or humidity trends. Only let's you see today's energy usage tomorrow. They seem to have introduced a remote temp sensor in this release but that's standard with other brands. Once again Nest is playing catchup. Believe the research and not the marketing team!!
Nest needs to iron out the kinks with this app. Contantly does not connect and I spend more time looking at the circle going round and round than looking at my front and back yard. Come on, Nest.....
The entire app is blue and white, the opposite of what I want when I'm trying to sleep. The ugly gradients don't help either. Also, why is the webapp so bad, specially on small screens.
Nest is forcing the dropcam app to close. Dropcam was much more stable. I couldn't even get nest tech support to fix an issue with it's camera.
So many bugs, it only works 50% of the time. So often the main summary page works and if you click to see the cameras live feed, its covered in coloured pixels, can't see the camera feed. For the price of the products this is a totally unacceptable.
The app claims the thermostat has been offline 3 hrs, but the t-stat says online and last communicated with the cloud 10 or 20 minutes ago. Also, after clearing the schedule of all entries for all days, and setting cool to 90 (effectively off but must be in a mode other than off in order to get 15min fan per hour), the next day cool is no longer set at 90. Also, why not 1 min fan every 10min or 5min fan every 30min?
I've had the Nest thermostat connected and even when my WiFi is working and the Nest thermostat on the wall is showing that it is connected the Nest app on my Android displays a notification that my Nest thermostat is offline. This has happened on a number of occasions. Switching brands of thermostat.
Since the new update it crashes before I log in. I tried uninstalling but it doesn't help.
Sometimes the camera works and sometimes it doesn't. I've spent the number of hours trying to get somebody on the line to address the issue and it never seems to pan out in under an hour and, unfortunately, that's about my limit. I'll be looking for another service.
It worked up until about a week or 2 ago and then has stopped working. It just clocks and doesn't open. The app now sucks. I guess there was an update and it broke the app
Playback doesn't work. It takes ages refresh the live. Am on trial, thinking whether to go for the subscription or not
Unable to setup Nest Protect with PD001 error after they were setup and connected fine the first time.
You have to pay to look back any amount of time the cameras are expensive enough we shouldn't have to pay for
Only useful if you sit and watch it all day. Unless you pay for it but we all paid enough for the camera to begin with.
I've recently received 2 updates. The first finally made home/away assist work properly after a year, the 2nd broke it again.
Not sure why the Nest app needs so much access to my phone and personal info just so I can adjust my thermostat while away from the home. Not worth the invasion of privacy.
can u support more languages? my family and my friend's family need Mandarin in both Android and IOS! plz, we like your products.
Since update it keeps saying it's offline
The app suddenly stopped working on my LG G3.
I'm using the app with three Nest Cam IQ's and a thermostat. I like how the app and camera combination makes a distinction between generic movement and people. The timeline is very clear.
The most un-user friendly device, setup, software and website I have had the misfortune to have to use for a long time
Needs a swipe to delete from the main messages screen and a multi-delete option. Currently you have to enter the message to delete it.
Love it. We use it all the time when going out of town and when we are about four hours out we warm up the house. It's like we were never gone.
I see that there is no Africa country setting for this app when you register it. ?????
App was working great now it's all glitchy then hell .Playbacks wont play, clicking sound in audio.
It does not work with iPhone
Stopped working.. just spins and never logs on
Purchased these thermostats for the sole reason of it using my phone location to switch to eco mode. It hasn't turned on in weeks.
This app is really good like it does everything it says it does and honestly I couldn't ask for a better app
The size of this app is too large for what it actually is. Developers and their leaders should pay much more attention to this as this is important to consumers.
Please add custom schedules for thermostat sensors. Now there are only 4 time periods, which is not enough.
Worked well for my thermostat until the recent update, now I cannot even log on.
I have a Android tablet with drop cam I could check alerts and adjust settings with the nest app nothing like that is possible
Cannot even set my time zone on the app. And it dsnt automatically pick the right time zone as well
Works well. Never had a problem yet.4 months and counting.
Slow. Takes forever to load.
This app makes it easy for me to control my thermostat from any location. Very awesome!
So so. Not that impressed.
Stuck in connecting to camera forever
Was not able to download
Nest, your app is smooth. I use my app once a day, You're so easy, *wink*
I love this app! Can actually seey Dogg and ytalk to him while I am away!
b"Can't instal it .every time will stop before installing??."
App has not worked since update
Thanks, the energy I saved covered the cost
Child lock should be present in nest
Nest app sucks, bye Dropcam
Nice and easy to use.
Can't control my temperature
Used to work like it should but now will never load. Uninstalled.
Pretty terrible app
Won't stay open
THIS IS POOP
App simply won't load past the first screen.
Takes forever to sign in
Nice but downloads slow
I am just so love with this app I am just so love with this And I love bixby
Thermostat control,view cameras live,fast notifications
Just installed the nest thermostat. So easy
What happened?
Nest is by far the best security app ever
It is decent. Usually works fine
I never leave home without it
Love the lock feature. Wife doesn't.
I Like it
Perfect home security. Thx Google.
Frequent crashes
Not the best
Great app & Cool products !
99% working great after the update great job!!!
I like it. Works great.
I love it and it's safe
fix it
Very user friendly
Love my Nest
Very easy and practical
Best security app
davidwilcutt
Yes
Like it
Ilovenest
Thanks
It's awesome
The best.
Amazing!
Unreliable
Its awsome
i loved ot
Practical app
Great app
I love it
Awesome
Love it
Nice
Cool
Good
Great